
This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project 
to make the world's books discoverable online. 

It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject 
to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books 
are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. 

Marks, notations and other marginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the 
publisher to a library and finally to you. 

Usage guidelines 

Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the 
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing this resource, we have taken steps to 
prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. 

We also ask that you: 

+ Make non-commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for 
personal, non-commercial purposes. 

+ Refrain from automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine 
translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the 
use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. 

+ Maintain attribution The Google "watermark" you see on each file is essential for informing people about this project and helping them find 
additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. 

+ Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just 
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other 
countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of 
any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner 
anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liability can be quite severe. 

About Google Book Search 

Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers 
discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web 



at |http : //books . google . com/ 



^^^ 

^^•^^v 






:vK^ . 










PIXY GATHON. 



Page :Hi 



PEEP AT THE PIXIES; 



OB, 



LEGENDS OF THE WEST. 



By MRS. BRAY, 

AUTHOR OF "■ 
'*THB BORDERS OF THB TAMAR AND THE TAVY,** **LIFE OF STOTHARD/ 
"TRBLAWKY," "TRIALS OF DOMESTIC LIFE," ETC. ETa ETC. 



WITH ILLUSTRATIONS BY HABLOT K. BROWNE. 

(PHIZ.) 



LONDON: 
GEANT AND GRIFFITH, 

(successors TO NEWBERY AND HARRIS,) 

CORNER OF ST. PAUL'S CHURCHYARD. 

M.PCCC.L1V. 






20096B i 

f 



7' 3 



■ T.ONDOK : 
PRINTED BY WEKTHB1MEB. AN1> CU. 
FINSBUaT CIRC1I8. 



TO MY DEAR NIECE, 

JESSY CAROLINE DAVIES, 

WHO, BY EXPRESSING A WISH THAT I WOULD WRITE A BOOK FOR 

"LTlftLE PEOPLE," LIKE HERSELF, FIRST SUGGESTED 

TO ME THE COMPOSITION OF THE 

FOLLOWING TALES, 

THESE PAGES ARE INSCRIBED BY 
HER AFFECTIONATE AUNT, 

ANNA ELIZA BRAY. 



The Vioahaob, Tavistock, 
Augtut5th,\}iS3, 



MRS. BRAY'S WORKS. 



NOVELS AND ROMANCES, 

COLLECTIVELY OE 8EPAKATE, 



Vol. I.— THE WHITE HOODS (with Por- 
trait and General Pre&oe). 
Vol. II.— DE FOIX. 
Vol. III.— THE PROTESTANT. 
Vol. IV.— FITZ OF FITZ-FOUD. 



Vol. v.— THE TALBA. 
Vol.VI.— WARLEIGH. 
Vol.VII.— TKELAWNY. 
Vol.VIII.-TRIALS OF THE HEART. 
Vol. IX.— HENRY DE POMEKOY. 



Vol. X.— COURTENAY OF WALREDDON. 



TRIALS OF DOMESTIC LIFE; 

A father's CURSE; A DAUGHTER'S SACRIFICE. 



LETTERS FROM NORMANDY AND BRITTANY. 



MEMOIRS OF THE LATE CHARLES A. STOTHARD, F.S.A. 



THE BORDERS OF THE TAMAR AND THE TAVY. 



THE MOUNTAINS AND LAKES OF SWITZERLAND. 



LETTERS TO THE LATE R. SOUTHEY, POET LAUREATE ; 

WITH AN ACCOUNT OP MART COLLING, AND HER FABLES. 



LIFE OF THOMAS STOTHARD, RA. 

WITH NUMEROUS ILLUSTRATIONS FROM HIS WORKS. 



ADVERTISEMENT. 

In a work of mine, addressed in a series of letters to the late lamented poet 
Xiaareatc, Robert Southey, entitled " The Borders of the Tamar and the 
Tavy," I gave an account of many of our local superstitions, and related 
several legends and traditions, peculiar to this delightful county: among 
them were a few Pixy stories. These had the good fortune to meet with 
favor both from critic and reader; and confirmed the opinion I had pre- 
viously formed concerning the general interest attached to Pixy lore. 

The following tales were written for the entertainment of a family circle 
of children and young persons. Finding they afforded some amusement in 
the quarter for which they were originally designed, I am induced to 
commit them to the press, in the hope that they may not be altogether 
unacceptable to a more extended circle in their hours of harmless recrea- 
tion from more serious pursuits. 

A. E. B. 



Thx Yicaraoe, Tatistock, 
Avgust &, 1853. 



89x688 



n 



ivtsi \ 



■"■..-v-OUNUA'VWN*! 



4 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

and streams of Dartmoor, as they rush along strong and 
rapid; and every now and then fall over great masses of 
rock in a sheet of white foam, or in a number of little 
bright cascades. And when they pass on in. a more quiet 
way, the water is so clear you may see every stone beneath 
it; and several of the rocks standing in the middle or at 
the sides of these streams^ are often quite covered with 
moss and what is called lichens. These are of various 
colours; white, green, grey, or of the deepest black, like a 
piece of rich black velvet. And it is very pretty, too, 
here to see the water- wagtail, a nice little bird with white 
and grey feathers, skimming over the rocks, shaking his 
tail up and down, dipping his wings into the stream and 
off again in a moment. 

On Dartmoor, too, as I have noticed in a previous work,* 
we meet in spring, upon a sunny morning, the pale yellow but- 
terfly, usually seen in the garden among the flower beds; but 
here sporting on the front of some old grey rock, or settling 
on the wild thyme, or on the golden furze, as its wings shake 
with a quickness that will sometimes dazzle the sight. 

And how beautiful is the song of the birds that we often 
find on the moor!' The thrush, that never tires; or the 
lark, which sings first and soars highest; and the pretty 
wheat-ear that builds her nest amongst the old rocks, whose 
colour it so resembles in the black and grey of its wings, 
that you sometimes do not observe it perched upon them 
till you hear its small cry. There, too, is the goshawk, so 
rare in Devon; and the kite, that now is seldom found in 
• " Borders of the Tamar and Tavy." 



BIBDS OP THE HOOB — ^DANGEROUS MISTS. 5 

its inhabited vallejs, still prowls, like a robber, about the 
rnoor^ as if in search of his prey; axlS the ring-ouzel finds 
a dwelling in the hollows of the stones, and the poor little 
reed- wren makes them her home: and robin, that favourite 
of old and young, there need fear no pilferer; for so much 
is this pretty bird the familiar friend of children in our 
neighbourhood, that the boys will pelt any one of their 
companions who may steal but an egg from poor robin's nest. 

But though there are so many pleasant sights, yet the 
moor has its dangers. Those very high hills and lofty 
tors are liable to be visited with sudden mists which ar^ 
as thick as the clouds; and so hide every thing, that I have 
known persons when seated in a carriage and caught in one 
of these say, that they could not plainly see the heads of 
the horses which drew them along. It is sad to think how 
many poor people in old times before the good broad road 
was made, lost their lives on the moor in these mists; some 
by wandering about all night in the cold, and others 
by getting into bogs and being swallowed up alive before 
help could be given them. 

Many years ago, a very remarkable instance occurred of a 
native of this place, the late Mr. Edward Smith, being 
enveloped in a mist, whilst endeavouring to make his way 
(from a stream where he had been fishing) across Mistor, 
with a view to shorten his road to Princetown on the moor. 
The following particulars I have gathered and selected 
from Mr. Smith's own account of the circumstance.^ 

♦ Given at large in the ** Borders of the Tamar and the Tavy,? 
yol.i,p.208. 



5 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

He had not advanced more tlian a quarter of a mile in 
liis ascent, when he ^s so suddenly enveloped in a cloud, 
dense, dark, and flaky, that it startled him. On every 
side appeared whirling masses of mist, of so thick a con' 
fiistency that it affected his very breathing. He paused ; 
but thinking it would be impossible to err in walking in 
a straight line over the summit of a hill, continued to 
advance ; but in this he was deceived. The way seemed to 
lengthen before him. At last he descried a few of those 
immense fragments of granite with which the summit of 
the tor was strewed. Their appearance through the fog 
was wonderfully grand, wavy, fantastic, and as if possessing 
life. Although even with the surface, such was the decep- 
tion, they appeared upright, each in succession perpen- 
dicular, imtil he arrived so close, that it required almost the 
very touch to prove the deception. There were also some 
scattered sheep, one here and there. At the distance of 
twenty or thirty yards, for he could distinguish nothing 
further, they had the appearance of a moving unshapen 
mass, infinitely larger than reality. Every now and then 
one of these animals would start from the side of a block of 
granite close to his feet, affrighted — sometimes with a scream- 
ing bleat, as if, like himself, filled with surprise and awe. 

When, as he believed, he had gained the summit, 
Mr. Smith stood still and looked about him. There was 
above, beneath, and all around, a mass, flaky, and at 
times even rushing, of white fog. At length he sat down 
to rest, feeling unable to walk on. His situation was now 
painful, and the evening rapidly approaching.. The fog 



DANGER OP A WANDERER IN A MIST. 7 

increased in murkiness, and all hoped that it would clear 
away vanished. He looked around for some large frag- 
ments of stone, under the shelter of which to take up his 
quarters for the night. From exertion he had been hot 
even to excess, but was now shivering and chilled* At 
length he endeavoured to proceed. 

The ground began to incline, and he suddenly found 
himself descending a very steep acclivity; presently he 
heard the distant rushing of water ; the sound enlivened him ; 
it was like the voice of a guide and friend, and he pressed 
onward; when suddenly, qq instantaneously that he could 
compare it to nothing but the lifting up of a veil, the fog 
rushed from him, and the scene which opened induced him 
almost to doubt his very senses. 

At 'his feet, the river Walkham brawled amongst the 
rocks scattered throughout its bed. On his left, was just 
sufficient of the hamlet of Merrivale open to show the 
eastern arch of its picturesque bridge, whilst in the distance 
the fantastic rocks of Vixen Tor were still wreathed in 
mist. At his right, within two or three hundred yards, 
was the very spot he had first quitted to ascend the moun- 
tain, and in front arose one of those grand and lofty tors 
which render the moor so striking; it was dark and frown- 
ing, its topmost ridges embosomed in clouds, whose summits 
were gilded by the broad sun, now rapidly descending 
behind them. The whole scene was like magic; even 
whilst looking on it, it appeared to him as a dream. He 
now found that, during a space of two hours and a half, 
he had walked up the mountain, taken a complete circuit 



8 A PESP AT THE PIXIES. 

of Its summit, and almost retraced his steps in tis descent, 
such had been the deception of this most dangerous mist. 

In the winter months, the snow often entirely covers the 
moor, and so suddenly and heavily will a snow-storm come 
on, that travellers have not unfrequently been confined to 
the house in which they had the good luck to take shelter 
before it arose, for many days and weeks together. At 
various times, many a poor creature has been frozen to 
death on the moor. An instance that happened many 
years ago, was truly melancholy. A shepherd who had so 
perished was not found till some weeks after his death, 
when his dog, nearly starved, was discovered wistfully 
watching near the body of his unfortunate master. 

At a later period, two boys were sent from a neighbouring 
farm to look for some strayed sheep on the moor. They 
were surprised by a sudden storm of snow; and not return-? 
ing their master grew uneasy, and with some of his men 
went out to search for them. The lads were found nearly 
buried in snow, and both apparently sleeping. In this 
state they were removed to the farm-house; one was 
restored to life, but the other was quite dead.* 

Besides the huts I mentioned just now, there are a few 
cottages and houses, and a very large building on the moor , 
which is now a dismal one — a prison. 

Some years ago, when there was a war between England 
and France, King George III. used to send there the 
Frenchmen who were taken prisoners in battle by his 
soldiers and sailors; and now his grand-daughter. Queen 

* In the severe winter of 1853, four soldiers and a poor pedler 
were also lost in the snow on the moor. 



THE PBISOK— DEUIDICAL BEMAIN8. 9 

.Victoria^ still uses it for a prison : and sends there no less 
than twelve hundred convicts as a punishment for their 
having broken the laws of the land in many ways. 

These wicked men are not allowed to live in idleness; but 
are sent out to work upon the moor, under the care of a 
•warden, armed with a double-barrelled gun. There are 
also a great many of the Queen's troops who are placed 
there to guard them, and to prevent their running away, 
which, however, I am told they sometimes do; but happily 
they are always caught again through their being unable 
to find any place of shelter, or anything to live upon, in 
that barren, lonely, and desolate region. 

You have read, my young friends, in your History of Eng- 
land, some accounts of the ancient Britons, and of the 
Druids, who were priests and judges among them. The 
Druids lived very much together, and formed schools, in 
which they taught such arts and learning as they were 
acquainted with; and they studied much the stars on heights 
and open places, such as those on Dartmoor, where a great 
many of them dwelt. They said it was unlawful to perform 
the rites and ceremonies of their religion within a covered temr 
pie or under a roof of any kind. Whenever they could, there-» 
fore, they chose a hill or lofty mound for the purpose, as from 
such they could have a better view of the sun, and the moon, 
and the planets, which they were so ignopant as to worship. 

Now these temples they made by setting upright in the 
earth large, rough, unhewn stones in the form of a circle; 
and many such are still to be seen on Dartmoor. Sometimes 
when they found a very large rock of a strange and unusual 



10 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES* 

shape, they would at once choose it for a place of worship, 
and cut hollows like basins at the top to catch the rain- 
water, with which they sprinkled the people, and pretended 
to cure them of many diseases of body and mind. 

One of these rocks on Dartmoor, called Vixen Tor, is 
a hundred and ten feet high; and so curiously formed by 
nature, that it resembles the Egjrptian Sphinx, which is a very 
large stone cut into the shape of a man^s face and head, that 
stands in the sandy desert on the banks of the river Nile. 

Many of the Britons lived in huts on Dartmoor, and these 
were made, like the temples, by rough hewn stones set 
upright in the ground, in the form of a circle, with walls 
made of wood and roofs of rushes, high and tapering like 
tents. There are, also, still to be seen, here and there, a 
circle of very strong stones, so large as to have within 
its enclosure a great many small huts ; and the sheep and 
the cattle used to be driven within it at night, to save them 
from being devoured by bears and wolves, which in those 
days prowled about the moor. 

When the Dartmoor Britons buried a chief, who was 
always a warrior or a king, the Druids raised a heap of 
stones over his grave; and sometimes a very large single 
piece of granite, supported upon three or four upright 
stones, as we see the legs support an old fashioned table; 
and this they called a Cromlech. 

On the moor, upon the side of a steep hill which rises 
above the river Dart, there is the most curious little wood 
ever seen. It is called Wistman's Wood, or " the wood of 
the wise men ; " and is supposed to be the remains of one 



THE LITTLE PEOPLE CALLED PIXIES. 11 

of the sacred groves of the Druids. It consists of some 
very aged and stunted oaks, not above ten or twelve feet 
high. The boles of these dwarf-trees are covered with 
moss of an exceeding thickness^ hung with ivy, and have 
altogether a most strange and antiquated appearance* 

Now this wild tract of land, as well as other parts of 
Devonshire and Cornwall, is considered to be haimted by a 
set of little creatures, called Pixies. They are not like 
children; for, though they are small, and can sometimes 
be seen, it is said they can fly as well as run, and creep 
through key-holes, and get into the bells of flowers, and 
many other places where little boys and girls cannot creep. 
The Pixies are sometimes good, and do kind acts; but 
more frequently they are mischievous, and do a great deal 
of harm to men, women, and children, if they have a spite 
against them ; and often hurt the cattle# 

Some people say they are the souls of poor children who die 
unbaptised, and others think that they are a kind of &.iries, 
but more frolicsome, and have more power to do either 
good or harm.' They are, however, generally considered a 
distinct race ; for if you could but see a Pixy, my young 
friends, you would see at once how different was such a 
creature from a Fairy. Indeed, it is matter of tradition, 
that the Faries wished very much to establish themselves 
in Devonshire, but the Pixies would not hear of it ; and a 
terrible war ensued. Oberon was, with his host, defeated ; 
and his majesty received a wound in the leg which proved 
incurable ; none of the herbs in his dominions have hitherto 
had the least beneficial effects, though his principal secretary 



12 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

and attendant, Puck, lias been in search of one of a healing, 
nature ever since. 

Having said thus much concerning their general cha- 
racter, I. will now proceed to speak a little more about tha 
Pixies and their manners in detail, as in many respects, 
they are very curious; and in doing so, for some few 
particulars, I shall venture to draw upon my own account, 
given in a former work, which, being intended for men. 
and women only, is not at all likely to fall into the handsj 
of my young friends.* 

These tiny elves are said to delight in solitary places, tO: 
love pleasant hills and pathless woods, or to disport them- 
selves on the margins of rivers and mountain streams. Of 
all their amusements dancing forms their chief delight; 
and this exercise they are said always to practise, like the 
Druids of old, in a circle or ring. These dainty beings, 
though represented as of exceeding beauty in their higher 
order, are nevertheless^ in some instances, of strange, un- 
couth, and fantastic figure and visage ; though such natural 
deformity need give them very little uneasiness, since they 
are traditionally believed to possess the power of assuming 
various shapes at will. 

Their love of dancing is not unaccompanied with that of 
music, though it is often of a nature somewhat different to. 
those sounds which human ears are apt to consider harmo- 
nious. In Devonshire, that unlucky omen, the cricket's 
cry, is to them as animating and as well timed as the, 
piercing notes of the fife, or the dulcet melody of the flute,. 
* " The Borders of the Tamar and the Tavy." 



EIXY MUSIC AND DANCING. 13 

to mortals. The frogs sing their double-bass, and the 
-screech-owl is to them like an aged and favoured minstrel 
piping in hall. The grasshopper^ too, chirps with his 
merry note in the concert, and the humming-bee plajs 
'" Tiis hautbois" to their tripping on the green ; as the 
small stream, on whose banks they hold their sports, seems 
,to share their hilarity, and talks and dances as well as they, 
in emulation of the revelry, whilst it shows through its 
crystal waters a gravelly bed as bright as burnished gold, 
the jewel-house of Pixy-land ; or else the pretty stream lies 
sparkling in the moonbeam, for no hour is so dear to Pixy 
revels as ttat in which man sleeps, and the queen of night, 
who loves not his mortal gaze, becomes a watcher. 

It is under the cold light of her beams, or amidst the 
silent shadows of the dark rocks, where that light never 
penetrates, that on the moor the elfin king of the Pixy 
race holds his high court of sovereignty and council. 
There each Pixy receives his especial charge: some are 
-sent, like the spirit Gathon of Cornwall, to work the will 
of his master in the mines, to show by sure signs, where 
lies the richest lode; or sometimes to delude the unfortunate 
miner, and to mock his toil. 

Other Pixies are commissioned on better errands than 
these; since, nice in their own persons, for they are the 
avowed enemies of all sluts, they sally forth to see if the 
maidens do their duty with mop and broom, and if these 
cares are neglected to give them a good pinching ! Many, 
.in this part of the world, are very particular in sweeping 
itheir houses before they go to bed, and they will frequently 



14 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

place a basin of water by the chimney nook, to accommo- 
date the Pixies, who are great lovers of water; and some- 
times requite the good deed by dropping a piece of money 
into the basin. 

Many a Pixy is sent out on works of mischief to deceive 
the old nurses and steal away young children, or to do them 
harm. This is noticed by one of our old English poets, 
Ben Jonson:— 

" Under a cradle I did creep 
By day, and, when the childe was asleepe 
At night, I suck*d the breath, and rose 
And pluck'd the nodding nurse by the nose." 

The wicked and thievish elves, who are despatched on 
the dreadful errand of changing children in the cradle, are all 
said to be squint-eyed. In such cases (so say our gossips 
in Devon) the Pixies use the stolen child just as the mortal 
mother may happen to use the changeling dropped in its 
stead. 

Many, also, bent solely on mischief are sent forth to lead 
poor travellers astray, to deceive them with those false lights 
called Will-o'-the-wisp, or to guide them a fine dance in 
trudging home through woods and water, through bogs 
and quagmires and every peril ; or, as Kobin Goodfellow 
says, to 

"Mislead night-wanderers, laughing at their harms." 

Others, who may be said to content themselves with a 
practical joke, and who love frolic better than mischief, 
will merely make sport by blowing out the candles on a 



PIXY MANNEK8 AND CUSTOMS. 15 

sudden, or overturning the cook's pot on the fire. Some 
Pixies are dispatched to frolic or make noises in wells; and 
the more gentle and kindly race will spin flax and help 
their favourite damsels to do their work. 

In Devonshire, and more especially on Dartmoor, it is a 
very common thing with any person who loses his way, to 
consider himself as Pixy-ledy and this frequently happens 
to our stout yeomen and farmers, when they happen to 
have a cup too much at a merry-making. But for this 
there is a remedy. For* whoever finds himself, or if a 
woman herself, Pixy4ed, has nothing more to do than to 
turn jacket, petticoat, pocket or apron inside out, and a 
Pixy, who hates the sight of any impropriety in dress, can- 
not stand this, and off* the imp goes, as if, according to the 
vulgar saying, he had been sent packing with a flea in 
his ear. 

A Pixy-house is often said to be in a rock; sometimes, 
however, a mole hill is a palace for the elves, or a hollow 
nut cracked by the "joiner squirrel," will contain the 
majesty of Pixy-land. And Drayton, who wrote of these 
little fenciful beings as if he were the chosen laureate of 
their race, thus describes their royal dwelling. 

"The walls of spiders' legs are made, 
Well morticed and finely laid, 
He was the master of his trade 

It curiously that builded; 
The windows of the eyes of cats, 
And for a roof, instead of slats, 
Is covered with the skins of bats, 

With moonshine that are gilded." 



16 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

And now^ my young fnends, having told you that both 
Cornwall and Devonshire, and more particularly the wild 
waste of Dartmoor, are said to be much haunted by Pixies, 
I shall proceed to give you what I trust will aflford you 
some amusement in those hours not devoted to your lessons, 
or to more serious studies, in a few Pixy tales. 



PIXY GATHON; 

OB, THE TAILOE^S NEEDLE. 

"** Bad times I Master Trickett/' said Betsy Humming, as 
she turned her wheel, at which she was most industriously 
spinning, *'bad times! for tho' I be at work from morning 
to night, and do spin as fine Kersey, tho^ I say it who ought 
not to say it, as any in Crediton, «nobody comes to buy. 
Never had so little to do all the years IVe worked for a 
living — ^'tis all along with the coming in of the Scotch 
King." 

" Very bad times, neighbour/' replied Trim Trickett, the 
tailor, " for nobody wears out their clothes as they used 
to do in the old Queen's time; or alters their fashions as the 
great folk did in the days of Elizabeth. Except a pair of 
trunk hose for master Justice, Sir Simon de Noodle, and a 
doublet for his young son; and a new gown for Dame 
Westcott, I have not bad a job to keep my needle going 
for these two months. Never had such bad times, since I 
first crossed a leg in the way of business." 

** YouVe as much as you deserve, and more too, Master 
Trickett; and so have you, Betsy Humming,'^ said 
Gammer Guy, a cross-grained old crone, who was sitting 
in the easy chair by the chimney nook, leaning on her staff. 
She was one of those village gossips who do little them- 
selves, and spend most of their time in hindering their 
neighbours. 

c 



18 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

" No tlianks to you, Gammer Guy, if any good luck 
comes to me, or to any body else," said the tailor; " for if 
ill wishing be as bad as ill doing, as some folks think, a 
body need not go far to find it, when you be near. I know 
what some people do say of other people." 

"And what do they say of other people?" asked Gammer 
Guy, *'for I know you mean tluit hit for me. Master 
Trickett; but do you suppose every body means harm, or 
does it, because they be old and past work?*' 

" No, Mother Guy, I think no such thing," replied Trim. 
** There is old Anastatia Steer bed-ridden now; I never 
thought any ill of her, nor said it, tho' she be the oldest 
woman in the county; and may be in all England." 

*'Ah! poor old soul," said Betsy Humming, ** I've spun 
the woollen for her shroud for her long ago, and that by 
her own desire to oblige her; tho' I'm not to be paid for it 
till she be dead, and calls for it." 

*' Then I reckon you won't much longer be out of pocket, 
Betsy," said the tailor. 

** That's true enough, Trim," replied Betsy; "and if I 
be called on soon for the shroud, you'll have to make it; 
and that will be grist to your mill, Master Trickett. And 
then she has so many relations; and her great great grand- 
children's children be so many, I reckon you'll have to make 
a mourning suit for them all, women and men; and what 
a wind-fall will that be for you ! How your needle will go 
day and night to have the doublets, and hose, and the 
gowns, and the kirtles ready for the funeral ! And I shall 
sell them some of my black kersies, and times will be better; 



PIXY 6ATH0K; OB THE TAILQE'S NEEDLE. 18 

and we shall hare annetlung dae io do than to staiid and 
talk about 'em/* 

^^ Weill if CTOT I heard the like!"aud Gammer Guy, 
'^ You and Trim Trickett to go for to settle a poor ^wpjfPf 
old neighbour's death afier that £ishion ! And all to put 
money into yooz own pockets I its a cruel and a y^ij 
wicked thing I Who'a ill-wishing now I trow?" 

^' Not V' aaid Trim, '* I be sure/' 

'* Nor I/' said Betsy Hjumming. 

^ Did you not talk of old Anastatia Steer's death? ai»d 
what a profit it would be to you both, before it comes?" 

^ Yes; but we did not say we'd kiU her," aaid Betsy, 

** Nor wish her dead neither," said Tjdm, " we only said 
she was like to die soon." 

^^And is not that bad enough," exclaimed Gammer Guy^ 
*< What's the harm wiih old Anastatia that you ehould talk 
of her in such a way; and she^only been bed-ridden these 
last eix months?" 

^^ Why^ is she not said to be one hundred and forty yeaiss 
old complete? And don't folks come fax and near to see her 
as a cuerossity?*' said the tailor. ^^And doesn't she fail 
&8ter and faster every day? She can't live for ever like the 
wandering Jew." 

" But she has no doctor," said Gammer Guy, *^ and ao 
may last for many a year yet to come." 

^ She is blind," said Betsy Humming. 

*' And deaf," said Trim. 

'' And has never a tooth in her head, and can't feed her<- 
self," said Betsy. 



20 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES* 

** And has lost her memory, and the use of her limbs," 
said Trim. 

♦* But she's alive, and eats, drinks, and sleeps/' said 
Oammer Guy. 

" So she may," said Trim; " but I do say, for all that, 
old Anastatia Steer being one hundred and forty years 
complete, bed-ridden, blind, deaf, and helpless, may be 
supposed able to die soon, without anjrthing going contrary 
to the rules of Natur, and without any ill-wishing from me 
and my neighbour, Betsy Humming; and we both wish 
her no harm.'* 

Gammer Guy, who was given to have ill thoughts and 
suspicions of everybody, shook her head; and after taking 
a cup of warm spiced ale, with an egg beat up in it, at 
Betsy Huraming's cost, repaid her hospitality by spread- 
ing at the next two or three neighbours where she called 
in for a gossip, that she was quite sure Betsy Humming, 
for the sake of selling some of her black kersies, and Trim 
Trickett, for the sake of having to make 'em up as mourn- 
ing suits, were both of them ilUwishing poor old Anastatia 
Steer, who was comfortable in her bed, free from all sick- 
ness, and might last as long as the king himself, let alone 
their wicked wiles. But such ilUwishing was as bad as a 
downright murdering of her. 

It was so indeed in popular opinion, at the time of my 
tale, in the West of England; when poor old women and 
men, if they once got the character of iU-vjishing^ were 
sure to be taken up as witches, wizards, or sorcerers, and 
were in danger of being tried for their lives, and burnt 



pixr gathon; ob, the tailoe's- needle. 21- 

tinder tlie law against witchcraft, which was particularly 
patronised by King James the First. 

Now it so happened^ that Anastatia Steer unluckily died 
suddenly within two or three days after this discourse, of 
no disease whatever, according to all appearance, except 
that from which there is no escape — worn-out nature. 
No sooner did Betsy Humming hear of it, than she pro- 
duced the woollen shroud, spun by herself ten years ago to 
oblige the departed; and Trim very innocently solicited 
custom in his way from the friends and relatives of the 
deceaseds 

But what was his surprise, and that of his neighbour, 
the honest spinster of kersies, to find doors shut in their 
faces, backs turned upon them, and an expression of uni- 
versal abhorrence at the very sight of them, as if they 
carried about the plague, at that time rife in a distant part 
of the county of Devon. It was too bad; and Trim hear- 
ing from his little boy, Johnny Trickett, that it was com- 
monly reported all over Crediton, that he and Betsy 
Humming had ill-wished poor old Anastatia out of the 
world, he grew furious, and at once accused cross-grained 
Gammer Guy of having done this injury to the fame of 
two honest souls* Never was tailor so angry as he; and he 
protested that he would have justice on his defamer, even 
if he sought it at the throne of King James the First. 
But before he could seek that majestic person to obtain it, 
the town constable sought out him and his supposed asso- 
ciate, Betsy Humming, and both of them were taken Into 
custody on the very serious charge of having conspired^by 



22 A FBBP XT THB PIXIES. 

witcbcraft and diabolical arts, the death of Anafitada Steer 
for their own selfish purposes and profit. 

That was an awful morning on which the luckless tailor 
and spinster appeared before the Justice of the Peace^ 
Thej were ushered into an old Gothic hall, venerable from 
age and the smoke of many generations. About the walls 
hung antiquated portraits of yarious judges, knights, 
esquires, and ladies, representing, in a goodly row, all the 
De Noodles who had flourished and died since the days of 
the Conquest* 

Sir Simon, the living representative of his distinguished 
family, seemed to carry the grandeur and importance of 
his long line of ancestry all in his own persion* He had n 
proud and austere air; was tall and lank, of a somewhat 
withered appearance, with thin lips, and little pinky eyes, 
and a sharp-hooked nose, with a pair of barnacles stuck on 
the end of it that pinched so close as to cause him to speak 
through it with a small squeaking voice. He wore a large 
pair of trunk hose, a rich doublet, and a black velvet cap 
stock on the crown of his head ; and when seated in his 
high-^baeked carved oak-^^hair, with his clerk on his right 
hand, prepared with pen, ink-hom, and paper, to take the 
depositions, and Master Constable, a figure as broad as he 
was long, bearing his staff of office, on the other side, Sb 
Simon altogether presented the spectacle of a solemn, stately 
old gentleman, whose nod or whose frown was enough td 
scare the poor creatuxes who were brought before him oti 
such a charge. 

After surveying the accused with no very encouraging 



PIXY GATHON; OR9 THE TAILOB'S NEEDLE. 23 

scrutiny, and hearing a general statement of the case, Sir 
Simon proceeded to examine Gammer Guy and the rest of 
the witnesses. The evidence was by no means satisfactory; 
and of the '♦ sa3rs he," and ** says she," and " says I," and 
^*' says you," that make up so much of eyidence in a country 
place, there was a very sufficient share. Though told with 
many aherations and much exaggeration, nothing more 
really appeared against the accused than has already been 
related; not a single fact could be brought against either 
party except the following, viz., that Betsy Humming had 
a very &vourite black cat, which she was known to fondle 
and pet considerably; that pussy had been seen to sit by 
her side and on her knee, and to raise her tail quite into 
Betsy's face; that the said cat would purr to her in a very 
suspicious manner when pleased^ or when her mistress 
rubbed down her back, or gave her from her own bowl 
some of her milk porridge. The cat, it was solemnly 
deposed, in the opinion of Gammer Guy and many other 
credible witnesses, was no other than a familiar or evil 
spirit, employed by the aforesaid Betsy to do her wicked 
will. 

And as a further evidence of her league with the tailor 
to do deeds of darkness, it was proved that he kept in his 
cottage a tame, old raven, of which he was very fond ; and 
the witness who proved this, said, he would like to know 
what any honest man could have to do with a raven about 
his dwelling? And that the cat being black and the bird 
of the same colour, was such a sign of agreement in wicked- 
ness as could not be mistaken. 



24 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

His worship, the justice, on hearing all this, gravely shook 
his head, and muttered, in an under tone, ** Very sus- 
picious.'* 

His clerk shook his head in assent to the sapient obser- 
vation of his master, and master constable gave three 
shakes of his; one, it is to be presumed, in concurrence 
with his worship^s opinion; another in assent to the eclio 
of his clerk, and the last in confirmation of both the former 
witli his own. At length the hearing of the evidence 
against the accused closed. 

Sir Simon de Noodle looked very wise, shook his head 
again, leant back in his chair, twisted his thumbs, hemmed 
thrice, and then — asked his clerk what he thought of the 
matter. The clerk consulted the constable in an under- 
tone of voice; and the constable whispered with old cross- 
grained Gammer Guy, who, amongst the many bitter 
charges she on that morning made against Trim, forgot not 
to state that be had called her an old fool. 

Trim, seeing so much consultation going on, not knowing 
what would be the result, and fearing nothing less than 
hanging if the justice took up the matter with the assist*- 
ance of so many counsellors, rashly stepped forward, and 
proposed that the nearest relatives of the deceased, who 
had come into some property by her death, should be called 
upon to say whether there might not be great probability 
of poor old Anastatia Steer, in the one hundred and fortieth 
year of her age, managing to die a natural death, without 
the assistance either of witches or wizards, or witchcraft of 
any kind. 



PIXY gathon; oe, the tailok's needle. 26 

Xow the relatives of the deceased were far more disposed 
to settle the matter reasonably than the enemies of Trim 
and Betsy, had they been left to themselves. But Gammer 
Guy would interfere; and as Sir Simon de Noodle was, in 
respect to knowledge of the law, quite as much an old 
woman as herself, he did not check her. So she persuaded 
the friends of the dead to drop prosecution for witchcraft 
and murder solely on the accused subscribing to the follow- 
ing conditions of ordeal : namely, that Betsy Humming 
should spin one hundred and forty threads (that being the 
number in agreement with the years of the deceased) , and 
spin them so fine, that they should all pass through, and 
remain in the eye of Trim Trickett's needle with which he 
usually worked in his shop. But unless this were done by 
the expiration of one month, and if they eventually failed 
in such object, then they should both be put upon their trial 
for witchcraft and murder. The ordeal was a severe one; 
and the luckless spinster and tailor looked at each other 
aghast with affright. But Betsy had a stout heart, far 
stouter than the tailor; and so, raising her hand after a 
minute's pause, she gave Trim an encouraging slap on the 
back, exclaiming, " Never start from the trial, man ! never 
fear. We have done no wrong ; let us do right still ; and 
trust the rest to all the good saints in the calendar. I can 
spin with a clear conscience, and you can thread a needle 
with an honest man's hand; and so TU try which can spin 
the finest, I or the spiders. 'Tis for life or death. Master 
Trickett, so never fear; but look to pass one hundred and 
forty of my threads through your needle, till a hundred and 
forty stick in it." 



2S A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

" But if the thing faik," said Trim, 

" Why then it fails," replied Betsy; " and in one month 
we be tried for witchcraft and murder; but that can't make 
xi3 guilty of such wickedness; and if there's law or justice 
to be had in the land, we'll have it, Trim, in some way or 
other." 

Trim shook his head; but the bystanders observed that 
the black cat, which had been brought before the justice as 
a guilty party in the business, raised her tail three times as 
Betsy spoke, and a murmur of dread ran through the 
assembly. Even Sir Simon de Noodle did not like the 
sign, nor the understanding it seemed to indicate between 
the witch and her familiar, and directed the constable to 
detain the cat, saying — that thesaid cat was to be considered 
as remanded in point of law. Master constable bowed 
profoundly to this command; and a bag was ordered to 
convey pussy out of the court to the safe keeping of the 
law officer. The cat took her removal very ungraciously; 
and as she scratched and resisted, and mewed loudly, on 
being forced into the bag, it was considered as an im- 
equivocal proof of her being a familiar spirit in a feline 
form. 

Sir Simon de Noodle now proceeded most solemnly to 
confirm the conditions of ordeal. But as, for the sake of his 
dignity, he fancied he must do something out of his own 
head, he rendered the conditions still harder by ordering 
that Betsy Humming and Trim Trickett should be forth- 
with sent to gaol, there to spin the one hundred and forty 
threads, and there to pass them within the eye of the needle; 



PIXY 6ATH0K; OB, THB TAILOB*ft NEEDLE. 27 

ftnd the sapient justice added, that ludess they could accom- 
plish this task before the expiration of the month allotted 
for the purpose, he thought the evidenee so strong against 
both of them, that he doubted not one would be burned 
alive, and the other certainly hanged. 

All this was very cruel. Betsy Humming spun from 
morning till night, and till she nearly blinded herself with 
the fineness of her work; but Tim could not get more than 
ten or a dozen threads through the eye of his needle. They 
were so poor that they had nothing to live on but prison 
&re — bread and water; and only straw in their cold, stone 
cells to sleep upon« For the first week, when they met 
every day in the court-yard of the gaol, it was only to 
bewail their ill-fortune, though Betsy's heart was stiU 
stouter than Trim's. 

But (according to a trite and true observation), as in this 
world there is no condition, however good, but some draw- 
back is found to attend it, so is there none, perhaps, so 
miserable but some consolation is afforded to lighten the 
load of inevitable suffering. Now this was exactly the case 
with Trim Trickett. He was the parent of a little boy 
named Johnny; an only child, and a very good one, 
Johnny, seeing how hard his poor father fiured, coidd not 
bear the thoughts of his having nothing to eat but bread 
and water ; and so he determined to do as other boys did 
(for there was a great demand for them at this time), and 
go and work in the mines, to save as much as he could of 
his small weekly pittance to get some comforts and a little 
meat £>r his &ther | and, if it were necessary, to live on 



28 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

bread and water himself, so that be migbt but belp bis 
suffering parent. 

I sball not detain you, my young friends, witb giving 
you any long account of a Cornish mine, more tban to tell 
you, that, at a very great depth below the surface of the 
earth, running in lines on beds, called lodes, people find a 
vast deal of copper ore. This is dug out and smelted with 
fire, so as to free it from the dross mixed with it, and then 
it becomes a valuable metal ; and the copper-smith works 
it into many useful things for household and other purposes. 
A pit, or hole, is made in the earth, and sometimes a mine 
is found and worked several hundred feet below the surface ; 
and men are let down into it with buckets, not unlike 
those used at a well. Water is always found in mines ; 
very large machines, therefore, are erected, by which it is 
constantly pumped up, or the men would be drowned 
whilst digging out the copper ore. As the light of day 
cannot penetrate thus deep in the earthy the miners used 
candles in lanterns ; but, in our days, more frequently the 
safety lamp invented by Sir Humphrey Davy. Boys are 
much wanted in mines, to do many slight matters of work ; 
such as to wheel small quantities of the ore in barrows to 
the heap, whence the men remove the load above ground* 
They are sometimes also employed to pick and wash the 
copper, so as to firee it from the loose earth with which it is 
mixed. In many other things they are likewise very useful* 

Now, at the time of my story, a man named Tregarrens, 
who was of a morose and tyrannical disposition, wanted a 
lad to help him do his work in the mines ; and seeing little 



PIXY gathon; or, the tailor's needle. 29 

Johnny was a willing and active lad, he engaged him at 
once ; and the pay he was to give him was rather more 
than the boy expected. Johnny went, therefore, eagerly 
to work, but he soon had cause to rue having placed him«- 
self under his new master ; for on all occasions, whether 
he deserved it or not, the poor lad was abused and mal- 
treated by this tyrant below-ground in a very vexatious 
manner, and kicked, and cuffed, and thrashed for the 
smallest, and oftentimes for no offence at all. 

Among other practices in the mine, Johnny observed 
that the miners anxiously worked wherever they heard a 
sort of hammering noise within the rock. Their belief was, 
that this hammering was made by a Pixy, named Gathon, 
a great frequenter of mines, but who acted with consider-* 
able caprice. Sometimes he would hammer where there 
was nothing but rubble to be found ; and then the men 
would hear him laughing heartily at having so misled them, 
and caused their labours to be in vain. Whilst, at other 
times, quite unexpectedly, he would hammer and disclose 
to them the richest and, hitherto, undiscovered ore. 

One day, when Tregarrens* mood had been more than 
usually brutal, so that poor little Johnny had received 
several blows of a very severe kind (though he would not 
think of quitting his employer, on account of the pittance 
which enabled him to help his father), he could no longer 
resist giving vent to his feelings. He sat down in an 
obscure comer amongst the rocks, where nobody was at 
work, where it was dark and gloomy, and cried as if his 
young heart would break ; the tears literally poured down 



30 A P£SF MX TBK PDCIBS* 

his chedcft at lie endeavoiured to wipe tliem away with his 
hi^BcL 

Whilst he thoB stA deploring his hard lot^ all at onoe he 
flaw a bright and greenidii light stream upon the opposite 
side of the nx^k ; and, on looking up^ beheld with surprise 
the queerest little boy he had ever seen. He was very low 
in stature, but such limbs ! they seemed to be composed of 
xoUs of fat ; with a fiu^e like a ball, and so full and red, 
with a nose as round as a bottle ; whilst the eyes, that wese 
small, gleamed out of his head like a eouple of bright 
burning coals in a blacksmith's forge. He had very large 
jears, .hairy and long, reaembHng those of a donkey, and a 
tail that he twiried and twisted about, and at last rested 
the end of it, which was full and bushy, upon his shoulder. 
He carried a hammer in his little &t hand, and was as 
naked as when he was bom ; but that never troubled him. 
To complete the whole, there was a lode in his fiice, merry 
and waggish. 

Johnny did not know what to make of such a Strang 
creature, and was a&aid to speak to it. But my little 
gentleman did not stand for ceremony; so he said, laoighing 
as he spoke, *' Don't be frightened at me; I'm your friend, 
Johnny Tricket, and am come to do you good; for Txn. a 
good natured little fellow, as you may see by my being so 
&t 1 am Gathon the mining man; look at my hammer I 
Ho, ho, ho," continued he laughing, " I am just come from 
calling off that tyrant your master, Tregarrens, who in- 
tended to thrash you, for being absent from the gallery 
-when he wanted yon to help to do his work. But as he 



PIXY GATHON; OE, THE TAILOE'S NEEDLE. 31 

Started to come hither, to look after you, I hammered away 
fiirioiislj in the great rock near his standing; and off he 
went to call the men to batter for what they won't find, a 
new run of copper ore. Ho, ho, ho !" 

Johnny was greatly startled, and could not forbear ex- 
pressing a fear that the disappointment would cause his 
master to be in a worse hmnour with him. ^' Never mind 
that," said the Pixy, "haven't I deceived them finely? 
Ho, ho, ho ! Let Gathon alone for a fiisk and a trick, when 
he^s in the mood to make fools of the fellows. But how, 
Johnny Trickett, leave off crying and hear me; for I'm 
your firiend ; and let me tell you that you may have a worse 
than Pixy Gathon the hammering man." 

Johnny's surprise at seeing and hearing a real Pixy was 
very great. But the poor boy recollected that he had done 
no harm^ though he had suffered a great deal; and so he 
took heart, and thanking his new firiend for his good inten- 
tions, begged him to go on. 

" Well then, this is what I have to say. Johnny Trio- 
kett, I pity you much; and your fether once did me a good 
turn, though without knowing it, and I'm not ungratefuL 
He once cracked a nut, into which, as it was hollow, a 
wicked old witch had squeezed me, and as you may see, 
I'm not the most easily to be so squeezed, and so he let me 
out; and though I bobbed up against his nose, he never 
raised a hand to brush me rudely off or to hurt me; and 
now I'll repay his good deed, by doing good to his son, and 
to him into the bargain. Don't cry, my boy, but continue 
to bear patiently the ill trealanent of Tregarreos, till the 



32 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

end of the month your poor father is to be in gaol, and I will 
do what no mortal creature could do to serve your father; 
since for every kick and cuff which you take patiently from 
your tyrant below ground, I'll pass a thread of Betsy 
Humming's spinning through the eye of your father's 
needle. And no fear of a hundred and forty cuffs coming 
to your share, my lad, before the month is ended." 

'* Say five hundred and no fear, but Til have 'em all and 
take them patiently," said Johnny joyfully; " and then my 
dear father will be safe and out of gaol." 

*' That he will," said Pixy Gathon, " and I shall rejoice 
in doing him good^^ And with that the little fellow 
tumbled three times head over heels and whisked about his 
tail to show his joy on the occasion. 

** I'm sure, master Gathon," said Johnny, " that father 
will be grateful; and if it would be no offence to you, and 
you would like to have them, instead of running about 
naked in that fashion, father would be very glad to make 
you a little pair of hose, and charge nothing for them.'' 

** Pixies never wear hose — thank you all the same for the 
offer, master Johnny; but Til serve you and your father 
too without seeking reward;" and so for the present little 
Gathon took his leave, popped into a nook among the rocks, 
and was for the time seen no more. 

True indeed was the assurance of the Pixy, Johnny got 
so many kicks and cuffs, and so well did Gathon keep his 
word, that, to his exceeding joy and surprise, the tailor, 
who was not in the secret, found sometimes five or six 
threads, or more, passed in one day through the eye of his 



PIXY GATHON; OR, THE TAILOR'B NEEDLE. 33 

needle from the skein he abeady possessed of Betsy Hum- 
ming's spinning. Still there wanted a great number of 
threads to make up one hundred and forty. 

In the meanwhile his good little son continued to labour 
in the mines, and to receive all his injuries with a cheerful 
as well as a patient spirit. On one occasion, however, his 
tyrant was so brutal in the fiiry of his passion, for some 
slight offence, as to strike the lad a violent blow when he 
stood close to the mouth of the shaft or pit; he reeled and 
fell down it. The poor boy must have been killed on the 
spot, but for the ready services of his friend Gathon. The 
Pixy had been hammering near the spot, when seeing the 
lad's danger he whisked into the bucket, and caught him in 
it ere he reached the ground, landing him in perfect safety. 

Tregarrens, when he saw the lad tumble down the 
shaft, had been in a terrible fright; not that he cared a rush 
for the boy*s life ; but he knew well, that had Johnny lost 
it by his means, he should be turned out of his place, and 
be brought up before a magistrate for his conduct on a very 
serious charge. When, therefore, he found that the lad 
had only^fallen into the bucket, and that he had not so much 
as a scratch by way of injury, it was such a relief to his 
fears, it did what nothing else could have done in all the 
world, it actually put him in a good humour with little 
Johnny. This was the very thing which, at the moment, 
the lad least desired; for there was only one day left to 
complete the month allotted for his father's ordeal; and his 
needle wanted but one thread more to complete the number 
of one hundred and forty. 

J> 



34 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

Johnny was^ therefore, in a terrible fright when^ on that 
last day, Tregarrens, for the first time since he had been in 
his employ, called him a good boy; and not a sign of a 
cuiF could he trace in his master^s face or in his manner 
towards him. At this crisis, hoping to excite in him some- 
thing like an angry mood, so that it could but procure from 
him one gentle kick, or if only a box on the ear, he pur- 
posely did his task of work negligently; and left two or 
three wheel-barrows with the ore, standing in the way of 
Tregarrens, so that he stumbled over one of them and 
nearly broke his shins. Many other little matters did he 
neglect in the duty of the day, with the last forlorn hope 
of obtaining but one more cuff; but none came. Tregarrens 
had not yet quite recovered from the joy occasioned by his 
being relieved from the fright of supposing he had killed 
little Johnny ; so that he could not so immediately favour 
him with a renewal of rough kindnesses or tyranny. 

In this dilemma, his fat little friend once more came to 
his aid; for having bound himself by the honour of a Pixy 
only to pass a thread through Trim's needle whenever his 
son took a cuff patiently; it was not in the power of such a 
gentleman Pixy as he was, to break his word. But he 
bethought him of a way to come to Johnny's relief Whilst 
Tregarrens was at work in the mine, he heard himself 
repeatedly called by his name, accompanied by peals of 
laughter, and the most insulting and provoking expressions. 
He looked round, and saw only Johnny standing near him. 
He at once accused him of these insults; but Johnny ever 
loved the truth, and protested he had not spoken a word. 



PIXY GATHON; OB, THE TAILOB'8 NEEDLE. 35 

Tregarrens doubted this much; but still keeping his 
tempo^^ he once move tamed to his work in ^ lock. 
Whilst so GDLg&ged^ peals of laughter and renewed insults 
met his ears, as if spoken by some one dose at his elbow, 
there could be no mistake, for at his elbow stood little 
Johnny. 

Now fiilly provoked, Tregarrens turned and gave the lad 
a most hearty box on the ear. Johnny, delighted to think 
that this blow taken patiently would procure the desired 
end and his father's liberty, exclaimed — '^ Thank you, thank 
you; Master Tregarrens," and feirly cut a frisk or two in 
the joy of his heart. 

Tregarrens, thinking all this was done in mockery, and 
to add insult to insult, forgot his former forbearance, and in 
the extremity of his rage, snatched up his pickaxe, with 
which he was working, «nd would have knocked poor 
little Johnny on the head, had not, at that moment, a most 
fiirious hammering in the rock met his ear, from the end 
of the gallery. Thinking that this was an indication where 
the rich ore might be found, for he had toiled all that day 
with very little effect, his covetousness overcame even his 
ftiry; and he rushed forward to find the exact spot before 
the mysterious hammering could cease. 

No sooner was he gone, than firom out an obscure chink 
in the rock, near where Johnny stood, popped Pixy Gathon; 
with his usual joyousness of spirit, he tumbled head over 
heels by way of firolic, without doing the slightest injiuy 
to a large bright bottle, shining like gold, and almost as 
big as himself, which he carried under his arm. At length 



36 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

he squatted down after his fashion, and indulging in a 
hearty laugh to think how he had provoked, played upon, 
and finally deceived Tregarrens, he bade Johnny get up 
in all haste and follow him. 

Johnny lost not a moment in obeying his whimsical 
friend ; and they soon came beneath the shaft, where was 
hanging (suspended from aloft) the empty bucket, at a 
considerable height from the ground on which they stood. 

" Get in this moment," said the Pixy, " and I will give • 
the signal to those above to raise the bucket." 

" I cannot reach it," said Johnny, ** it is so high above 
my head." 

" Never mind that," replied little Gathon, " but catch 
hold of my tail; and 1*11 whisk you into it in a second. 
But first take this bottle; it is filled with gold. Take it to 
your' father; it will make him a rich man for life. It is 
honestly come by; for I've dug deep in the earth to get it 
up for him; and I make him a present of it. But, though 
he will not see me, for I don't shew myself above ground, 
that's not the way of the hammering man, I shall be with 
him before you; for I will keep my word, and this day will 
pass the last thread through the eye of his needle. Fare- 
well, my boy ; and whenever you hear us of the Pixy 
race ill spoken of as mischievous elves, remember there was 
one little fellow among them who served you well at the 
hour of your need; and do us justice as good-natured folk 
sometimes when we are pleased, and bestir ourselves at a 
pinch." 
• So saying, the Pixy raised his tail, Johnny seized hold of 



PIXY 6ATH0N; OR, THE TAILOE^S NEEDLE. 37 

it as a ship boy would of a rope when in danger of tumbling 
overboard; he held fast, and in another second little Gathon 
whisked him into the bucket, pulled a bell, and up went 
Johnny from the regions below to the surface of the earth. 

Need I tell what followed on that memorable morning ? 
That the one hundred and forty threads were completed; 
and that Betsy Humming and Trim Trickett were set at 
liberty and pronounced innocent; for they had successfully 
tmdergone the ordeal* Even the innocence of the black 
cat was made apparent; for Master Constable, on opening 
the bag in the presence of the justice, found her dead ! 
which, as she had been allowed no food, clearly proved she 
was not a familiar, who could have lived without it. Sir 
Simon de Noodle admitted the fact of innocence tested and 
proved, as pussy had very properly died from an empty 
stomach. Trim shared the contents of the bottle with 
Betsy Humming; his little boy was taken into the service 
of Sir Simon's lady as a very pretty page; and the golden 
bottle became a sign in Watling Street, London; where 
multitudes of people, and even King James himself went 
to satisfy their curiosity by seeing one himdred and forty 
threads within the eye of the tailor's needle* 



THE THREE TRIALS; 

Oa, THE 8TOEY OP ORABBT CROSS. 

On the stormy coast of Cornwall there stand, at the 
summit of the cliffii, the ruins of the castle of Tintagel ; a 
place so ancient that it is said originally to have been built 
by Prince Arthur, the &mous king of the Britons. The 
70cks beneath run out into the sea in the most &ntastic 
shapes, and the waves, which break against them in sheets 
of foam, produce a very beautifiil effect. Few of the walk 
and towers of this castle now remain ; and they are so old 
and so weather-beaten that, in colour and in form, they 
differ very little &om the rocks themselves. In the cliffi 
are two deep caverns ; one of these the sea has completely 
penetrated through, and so much have the cli£& &llen by 
the continual rush of the waters, that it is only by crossing 
a narrow slip of land, or isthmus, that the summit, where 
tiie ruins now principally stand, can be reached^ and that 
not without difficulty and danger* 

Near Tintagel is Trevenna, a mean and strange-looking 
village, with several scattered cottages and very old houses, 
built in those times of which you, my young friends, have 
read, when there were in England the wars of the white 
and red roses. The traveller who goes to see Tintagel gets 
out of his carriage at Trevenna, and winds down a steep 
narrow path in a ravine, which lies between two hills. In 



THE THREE TRIALS; OB, CRABBY CROSS. 39 

making the descent, he passes what is always a cheerful 
object both to hear and to see in a landscape-— a water-mill 
turned by a stream which rushes down by the side of the 
ravine from the heights above, and farther on falls over 
some rocks into the sea. 

This is a very pretty scene ; but in former days it was 
much finer, when the castle stood in a perfect state, with 
all its lofty towers and walls. Then men clad in armour 
kept watch and ward upon the battlements, to see that no 
enemy, either by land or by water, might approach un- 
suspected the dwelling of old Sir Rowland, the Baron bf 
Tiutagel. He was famous for his hospitality, and for his 
courage in battle, and, for his love of mirth and min- 
strelsy, was commonly called Sir Rowland, the merry and 
brave. 

One night the wind blew in loud gusts round the walls 
and towers of Tintagel, and the sea roared ; and the sky 
was so dark that not the smallest star could be seen, and 
the rain came down in torrents, and it was altogether so 
stormy and dismal that the Baron would not have turned 
out a dog in such weather* Whilst he sat in his castle 
hall, with only two of his followers, over a fire that burnt 
dull and heavily, either from the quantity of rain falling 
down the large old chimney, or the dampness of the logs 
of wood piled upon the hearth, the Baron seemed in a very 
angry mood. Something had that day happened to vex 
him ; and those who sat with him were afraid of him, and 
were so silent and grave that they neither amused their 
master, nor themselves. So cross was the Baron, that. 



40 A PEEP AT TUE PIXIES. 

when one of his favourite dogs came crouching to him, 
bending his head and wagging his taii^ in the hope to 
attract his notice, he gave the poor animal a kick, and sent 
hini^ with a howl, towards the hall door. But, no sooner 
was he got there, than the dog stopped, perked up his ears, 
listened, and gave a short bark two or three times. Imme- 
diately after, the blast of a horn was distinctly heard, not- 
withstanding the bluster of the wind and the roaring of 
the sea. 

The Baron commanded one of his men to go and enquire 
who it might be that thus sounded for admission at his 
gates at such an hour and in such a night. In those days 
there were no knockers to doors, and a horn, suspended 
without the castle gates, being blown by whoever wanted 
to come in, gave notice to the porter or warder of the 
castle. 

The Baron was speedily informed that there stood with- 
out a couple of miserable men begging shelter for the night, 
saying they were half dead from cold and hunger, and did 
not know where to go, for so great was the darkness they 
feared to pass on their way before morning. On being 
asked, what they were like, the warder replied, that, as 
well as he could see by the light of the torch, as he looked 
at them for a moment, they seemed to be very coarsely 
dressed, and had on old wrapping-cloaks ; and he thought 
they spoke like men who were bom over seas, in a tone 
and manner which shewed them (so, at least, he fancied) 
to be more French or Spanish than English. His opinion 
wasy that they were a couple of those wandering fools, who 



THE THBEE TRIALS; OB, CRABBY CROSS. 41 

often come from foreign parts, and go about begging at 
the castle and the convent doors ; and, in return for their 
entertainment, shew their tricks, and dance and sing, and 
tell tales, and make merry, for the amusement of the 
knights and friars. 

*' If they are such, right welcome shall they be," said 
the Baron, '^ for we lack something to make us merry; for 
no two owls brought from an old church tower for my 
companions, could have been more moping, dull, or dreary, 
than Gregory and Digory have been to night. They 
came to pass the hours away with me in this gloomy time; 
but they can neither sing nor say to lighten the weary 
moments. Go, ask these new-comers who and what they 
are? And if merry men and jongleurs from Normandy 
and Bretagne, right welcome ; and if they can dance, tumble, 
and sing, we will have a joyful night of it, let the storm 
rage as it may. These fools be better than you or the 
owls," continued the Baron, laughing at his two solemn 
companions in no very courteous way. Gregory and 
Digory bowed in assent to their master's compliment, and 
were quite as glad as himself at the prospect of a little sport 
in that gloomy old hall. 

The warder soon returned, but with a long face and a 
very diflferent report. The strangers were neither foreigners 
nor fools, nor jongleurs, but two very poor men, father 
and son, who had set out on an affair of business, to 
carry some wax-tapers much wanted at the little chapel 
which stood near Nathan's Kieve, and being overtaken 
by the darkness and the stormi they feared to go on^ and 



42 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

80 had ventured to beg at the castle-gate a shelter for the 
night. 

The Baron, on hearing this, was mightily disappointed; 
he was before in a very angry mood, and this new vexation 
made him furious; and the warder, who was as much dis* 
appointed as his master, immediately obeyed his commands 
to turn them away bom his doors as a couple of idle vaga- 
bonds; so that, with many ill words, and some kicks and 
cnffi to boot, the two poor men were sent about their 
business. They were sadly cast down; so hard did the 
wind blow, that they could scarcely keep their footing as 
they once more retraced their steps down the long, steep, 
and narrow path that led from the castle to the road. 

They were disappointed, hungry, cold, and weary; and 
the bundles of wax*tapers which they bore on their backs 
were heavy, and required care for fear of breaking by a 
fell. As they were going along, they eased their hearts 
by grumbling, and denouncing, in no very gentle terms^ 
the Baron of Tintagel. 

" Call him merry and brave, I trow,'* said the old man; 
" he *s no more mirth in him than old Joan of the wry 
mouth; for a merry heart likes to make glad the hearts of 
other men; and a brave man would never go for to kick 
out a couple of poor bodies like dogs from his door, in such 
a night as this: as for brave, I don't believe a word about 
it. He's only brave behind his stone walls and strong 
towers; but bring him out of them in such a wind and 
darkness as this, and see if he would not quake for fear if 
he heard but the cry of a chough, knowing, as all Cornish 



THE THBEB TRIALS; OB, CBABBT CROSS. 43 

men do^ that the soul of Prince Arthur is in one of those 
birds, and conies to give notice of no good luck to the man 
who hears its scream in a storm."* 

^^ And to turn us poor folk that be so hungry from his 
doors," said his son, who was a sturdy youth, of a bold and 
fearless temper. ^* I be starving for want of a supper. I 
would seek it and have it, though I called old Joan to help 
me to it, if I knew where she now dwelt. I 'd seek her 
through fire and water, if any one of they pixy bodies, which 
folk say she has at her beck and call, would but show the 
way. 

'' That 's as bold and as dangerous a word. Will Fen- 
ruffin, as ever I heard," said the old man; ^* take heed of 
what thou sayest." 

But scarcely had sturdy Will uttered those words, when 
they both saw a pale glimmering light, somewhat in the 
shape of a ball, of an emerald hue, not unlike the light 
which the glow-worm gives from her little lamp on a fine 
summer's night. It seemed to roll on before them. 

** That 's very strange," said the old man, " I do not 
halfUkeit." 

*« But I Kke it weU," said Will, " and I'll follow and 
see what comes on't; for, may be, 'tis a Pixy light, and 
that never bums for nothing. I '11 after it.'* 

" Do not, my son,*' said the old man; " it may lead you 
into harm, into a bog, to the mouth of a mine, or to an 
open grave in a churchyard. Do not follow it" 

* That the soul of Prince Arthur resides in the body of a chough, 
is the popular belief of many of the peasantry on the coast of 
ComwalL 



44 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

" But I will though," said his son: " and 1*11 see the 
worst or the best on 't, or my name is not Will Penruffin." 

" Ask it what it be first?" said the father much alarmed. 

" Holla, ho! you Master Jack-a-lantem, what be you, I 
pray? Tell us if any man may know your business, and 
what you be, and where you be going?" 

"Crabby Cross, 
To make up your loss." 

These strange words seemed as if spoken by no one nearj 
the wind appeared to carry them as the blast swept over 
the wanderers' heads. 

" Crabby Cross to make up our loss! — that*s to make up 
our loss of a supper and a bed. What, ho ! you young 
gentleman, that talks as if in the clouds, what do you mean 
by all this?" 

"FoUow the light, 
'Twill guide you right : 
Follow, follow.*' 

" That I will," said Penruffin, ** FU see what comes of 
all this, let what will betide." And away strode sturdy 
Will with rapid strides down the steep path, his &,ther 
following and not half liking the adventure, yet afraid to 
trust his son (who was none of the most obedient) to his 
own wilfiil ways. The mysterious ball of fire, if so it 
could be called, led them on very strangely. Sometimes it 
rose above their heads high in the air, and shone upon 
them like the light of the brightest star, then it sunk down 
upon the ground, and shewed distinctly every pebble or 
wild flower that was in the path, or by its side* Now it 



THE THREE TRIALS; OR, CRABBY CROSS. 46 

tnade a dart forward; and then it glided on, making rings 
as if dancing on its way. Once or twice it turned into an 
unbeaten track, and at length fixed itself above the door 
of a very mean cottage with a thatched roof, that stood by 
the side of a path on a lone and dreary common. 

Sturdy Will at once understood that this was to be the 
end of his journey for the night; and he rapped on the 
door with the walking-staff which he held in his hand. The 
light instantly disappeared, and all was in profound darkness. 

*' Who comes there," said a voice, in answer to WilFs 
rap. 

" Night wanderers in quest of shelter and a bed," said 
the old man. 

" Pass on then," said the voice within, ^' this is no place 
to find a lodging." 

"But we want something more than that," exclaimed 
Will, *' we be hungry; we want — " 

** Something more than that! what mean you?" con- 
tinued the unseen speaker. " Who led you here?" 

"Crabby Cross, 
To make up our loss," 

said Will boldly, " that's all I know about the matter." 

Immediately there sounded from within peals of laughter; 
but laughter so strange it was more like the cackling of 
hens, when one of them exulting in having laid an egg, sets 
the whole poultry yard in commotion. The door opened, 
though no one seemed to turn the key, or to drop bar or 
bolt; but open it flew and in walked Will, as bold as a lion, 



46 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

unheeding his fiither, who kept puUing him back bj the 
cloak, for he did not half like going in, but as Will would 
go on, his father followed after hinu 

On entering, they found themselves in a small low room, 
surrounded by walls of stone; a wood fiie burning on the 
hearth, and a lamp dimly on the taUe, which served more 
to show the gloom and discomfort of the place ihan any 
other purpose. A little old woman, who seemingly had 
just quitted her seat in the chimney' nook, stood. ready to 
receive the strangers. She was very ungainly to look upon. 
Her dress was of the coarsest brown serge, and patched 
with rags of many colours. Her neck bare, dark, thin and 
shrivelled, resembled that of a tortoise. Her eyes were 
black and fierce, the lids red, sore and inflamed; whilst 
her mouth was strangely twisted, not so much by disease, as 
by a cross sour temper. Such was old Joan of the wry 
mouth. 

There were many curious things, both living and dead, 
in that small low room. A very large black cat with green 
eyes was seated in the chair usually occupied by its mistress. 
A couple of owls were at roost on a piece of wood con- 
veniently placed for them in a little comer recess. A 
toad was lying at his ease upon the hearth, as a number of 
unusTially large black beetles ran about it, and seemed to 
enjoy the warmth of the embers. Many herbs were hang- 
ing up in dried bundles to the rafters of the ceiling; and a 
raven chained by one leg, was perched on the back of the 
same chair, where the black cat, with her tail curled round 
her, and her fore legs erect, sat purring with vast content 



THE THREE TBIALS; OB, CBABBY CB0S8. 47 

and satisfaction, nor seemed at all tempted to move from 
her station by several mice which crept in and out of their 
holes directly under the owls' roost; and they also appeared 
disposed to do the little animals no harm. 

Joan of the wry mouth proceeded to question the new- 
comers in a very short manner; and sturdy Penruffin, as 
bold as sturdy, at once satisfied her curiosity, by telling her 
what had that night befallen him and his father. How 
they had sought shelter at the castle of the old baron, Sir 
Eowland, called the merry and brave, and had been turned 
away from his door; Will's desire expressed aloud to seek 
a supper and a bed, if he knew how to reach the dwelling 
of the good old dame (for so he was civil enough to call 
old Joan), in whose presence he now stood, the appearance 
of the mysterious light, and lastly his father's great need 
of a supper and a bed as well as his own. 

Old Joan heard him very attentively to an end, and 
then saying, would he do three things which she required, 
all his wants should be supplied, and his father's also ; she 
bade him answer at once. Yes or No. 

Will's fiither, who had no liking either for the place or 
for old Joan, or for her blind bargain, would have inter- 
posed; but the young PenruflSn, before his sire could speak, 
stretched out his great rough hand and his brawny arm 
from under his cloak, seized the bony hand of the witch, 
and causing her withered arm to ache to the very elbow 
with the vehemence of his shake, said^ in a loud voice, as 
he stamped his foot on the ground, ''Three things I 'three 
times three things will I do at thy bidding, mother, so that 
thou wilt but keep thy word." 



48 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

Joan seized a long broom, which stood near her chair^ 
about which was twisted a live snake; and flourishing it 
over Will's head, exclaimed — 

" For weal or for woe ; for blessing or ban ; 
Old Joan keeps her word to woman or man." 

The bargain was thus sealed; and no sooner was it done, 
than such a strange combination of noises filled the little 
room as never the like was heard before. The owls hooted; 
the cat set up a caterwauling, the mice squeaked, the toad 
croaked, the snake hissed, and half a dozen of black hens 
made their appearance from some unobserved nook; these 
last surrounded Will, and made such a cackling as nothing 
could be compared to it for discordant sounds. 

** My family bid you welcome," said old Joan ; ''and 
now for your promise, you must fulfil that given to me; 
and if you go well through it, and never flinch, then a 
supper and a bed shall be yours, such as the churl of 
Tintagel, when he makes merry in hall, would never have 
given to you or yours. Now for the proof of your mettle, 
if you be a man/' 

Here Will's father would again have interposed; but old 
Joan very unceremoniously swept her broom across his 
mouth, so that when he endeavoured to speak, his son 
could not understand a word he said. She then bade him 
sit down and be quiet in a chair near the fire; and gave 
him the assurance that, if he did not play the fool and 
meddle with her and his son, he should presently have a 
good supper; but, if he disturbed her again, she vowed 
^e would turn him out, as the blufi* Baron had done, to 



THE THEEE TRIALS; OB, CEABBY CROSS. 49 

wander in the dark and in the midst of the storm. He 
obeyed, though reluctantly, for indeed he could not help 
himself; and seeing into what a house his son's imprudence 
had brought him, he thought it best to be quiet, for fear of 
enraging so wicked and so powerM a witch as old Joan* 
She now proceeded to her work. 

First she drew a large circle with white chalk round 
Will; and commanded him to hold his peace as he stood 
within it. She next loosed the snake from her broomstick, 
threw it within the circle, and bade Will to seize it and 
wind it round his arm. No sooner had the reptile fallen 
within the magic ring, than it lengthened, and it grew and 
it swelled till it became a monstrous beast, almost as big as 
the Boa Constrictor that may now be seen at the Zoological 
gardens in a glass case. But Will Penruffin, the sturdy 
and bold, held out his arm and let the creature twist round 
it at its own will. Joan laughed like a wild cat as she 
saw her commands so well obeyed; ancj raising her skinny 
hand, with the forefinger extended, so as to be in a direct 
line opposite the snake's head, said — 

" Draco, Draco, well and good, 
Bite Ins thumb and draw his blood." 

Will the bold, with a firm countenance and without 
altering his position, suffered Draco to open his huge mouth, 
and to plunge his fangs into the fleshy part of his thumbs 
The hag clapped her hands for joy at the sight of his un- 
flinching courage ; and, holding forth the broomstick, 
caught the snake upon it before he could inflict a second 
wound. The moment she withdrew it from the circle, it 

E 



50 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

shrunk into its original size. She looked round, and oIh 
serving Will's father shaking and trembling in every limb, 
though silent with fear; she dashed at the man the snake's 
tail, and told him that he was an old fool not to know a 
harmless snake from a viper. She next turned to Will, 
stamped her foot on the floor, and thrice called — 
" Little Lynx, little Lynx, 
Come through the chinks." 

Immediately a strange-looking little creature popped 
through a hole in the door. The creature was not more 
than seven or eight inches high, with wings like a gnat, 
and a curly poll, which looked more like the down of a 
bird than hair, with a very queer and comical fece; black,, 
sharp eyes, like those of a mouse; being quite naked, and 
having a little, short tail behind, that he whisked and 
twisted about at pleasure. 

" That's my pretty Pixy,** said old Joan. **^ What hast 
thou there?" 

^Pemnaeed, night-shade, dew and dill, 
With herbs that work my mistress* wilL** 

The witch snatched them from the Pixy's tiny hand; 
bade him begone, and gave them to PenrufBn. " This is 
thy reward for obeying my first command; the second is 
now to come," she said. It was of a more mysterious kind 
than the former. Again old Joan enjoined Will neither to 
move nor to offer the least resistance whatever should 
betide him. Having said this, she called aloud — 
''Crabby Cross, Crabby Cross, 
Come to Will's loss.'' 



THE THREE TBIALS; OB, CBABBY GBOSS. 51 

Another little Pixy appeared of a &r more strange appear- 
ance than his brother. He had the face of an ill-disposed 
child; round but roguish. His small legs and thighs were 
covered all over with hair; his tail, though short, was more 
bushy than that of little Lynx, and he had the wings of a 
bat, both on his shoulders and at his heels. No sooner had 
be appeared than he alighted at once on the broomstick of 
the witch ; catching hold of it by his tiny fat fingers, and 
whirled himself round, and round, and round it, in his 
Pixy fun, so that it dazzled WilFs eyes only to see it. 

Old Joan, who did not enjoy this sport so much as the 
Pixy, shook him off, and sent him tumbling upon the 
ground. He would have got a severe fall, had not a dozen 
or two other Pixies, till that moment unseen, rushed for- 
ward and bore him up among them as their leader and 
master. Joan ordered him to leave off his antics and to do 
her bidding. Whereupon Crabby Cross made a spring and 
seated himself at once upon her shoulder, and received in a 
whisper her commands. He gave three tumbles, head over 
heals, in token of obedience; and immediately after popped 
through the key-hole, followed by his train of attendant 
Pixies. 

In less than a minute, there came a great bounce against 
the door, and in the Pixies rolled a large bee-hive, which 
had been taken from the cottage garden. Crabby Cross, 
assisted by his fellows, seized upon an old kettle that stood 
in the chimney nook, whilst little Lynx and two or three 
dozen more snatched up old Joan^s ladle, and though thus 
heavily burthened, assisted by a whole army of Pixies, they 



52 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

absolutely stuck the old kettle on the top of Will Pen- 
ruffin's head; and there began to batter upon it with might 
and main ; and the bees began to swarm upon Will's face 
and head in such a manner that notwithstanding all his 
courage he gave himself up for a dead man. But convinced 
she was obeyed, and that Will would really die before he 
igpoke, the hag bade Crabby Cross desist; and at her bidding, 
kettle, ladle, bees and hive were as speedily moved off as 
they had been moved on. And now came the last trial of 
sturdy Will. 

"Chick Pick, Chick Pick, come and soon, 

Catch me a beam from the silver moon ; 

Make Penruffin ride with thee, 

Over the land, over the sea. 

If he flinch, or if he fear. 

Let the winds toss him far and near ; 

* With dead men's bones and sticks of yew,' 

Beat him, pinch him, black and blue." 

*' We^l beat him, pinch him, black and blue,** was the 
chorus echoed from a thousand little throats, to this com- 
mand of old Joan ; and in came such a troop of hens and 
chickens as never before was seen. 

The leader of these was a fat black hen, which, like the 
snake, had no sooner entered within the charmed circle 
than it rose into a monstrous bird. Myriads of little 
wretches, some with heads like those of old men, others with 
baby faces; some with wings of birds, othei^ with those of 
bats, or flies, or gnats; and a thousand other winged 
creatures, all gathered round Will, and fairly pushed him 
on the hen's back; so that he was obliged to sit across it 




THE THREE TRIALS 



Page 52. 



THE THREE TRIALS; OR, CRABBY CROSS. 53 

for safety; as, most marvellous of all, she dashed through 
•the cottage window, which little Lynx opened to make way 
for her; and though she and Will were two such large 
beings, they passed through it with all the ease imaginable, 
never even touching its sides* 

Where they went to, Will's old father did not know, 
for he neither saw their flight nor their return, so frightened 
was he. And Will himself afterwards declared that he 
really could not very well remember where he had been ; 
though he was not without a suspicion he had, in that brief 
flight, ascended above the storm and the clouds which hung 
over Tintagel, and had a peep at the man in the moon; 
who was, as he described him, an old gentleman with a long 
white beard, and everything about him seemed made of 
silver. He supposed, but could not take upon him to say 
it with certainty, that a moon-beam had been caught in 
this way, as when the black hen brought him down again 
and whisked him once more in safety through the window ; 
he (Will) unquestionably had a moon-beam in his cap, 
which old Joan took carefully off, as he thought, with the 
intention to put it into pickle. 

At all events, she was so well pleased with his courage 
and his having kept his word to obey her in three things, 
that she desired him to apply the charmed herbs, brought 
by Pixy little Lynx, to his bitten thumb, which immediately 
healed. He likewise, at her bidding, washed his face with 
the dew, also given with the herbs by the Pixy, so that not 
a sting from a bee remained to give him pain. And as to 
the fem-seed, he cast down that to the great black hen 



54 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES, 

which brought him back again; and she fell to picking it 
up and eating it so heartily, that whilst she was thus en- 
gaged he slipped off her back without damage; and tlien 
artfully scattering a few seeds beyond the circle he led her 
out of it; and she returned to her natural size and shape, 
and cackled ofi' in quest of her chickens. 

And now came Will's reward. Old Joan was not worse 
than her word, as he had kept his. She gave him and his 
father a fine fat goose for supper; delicately cooked by the 
Pixies, with apple sauce. And to this was added a pie 
made of young rooks, a favourite dish in Devonshire; and 
as nice a junket formed of rennet and cream, as ever came 
from the hand of the daintiest dairy maid of the West of 
England. Old Penruffin was so well regaled that he forgot 
all his nervous frights and fears, and drank Joan's health 
with hearty good will, in as nice a mug of mead, the pro- 
duct of her bees of the former year, as ever was tasted. 

The supper ended, she gave them both as comforatble a 
bed, on a large heap of clean straw, as man could desire to 
rest upon. And as Will PenruflSn's nerves were a little 
shaken by his midnight journey on the hen's back, and he 
could not immediately fall asleep, according to custom, as 
soon as he laid his head on the pillow, old Joan resolved to 
soothe and to compose him to rest with melody. At her 
command, the bellows began blowing a soft and gentle air, 
as the kitchen door creaked to a perfect tune, the cuckoo 
clock set to playing, and the wind came humming through 
the window with the most plaintive and drowsy sounds. 
Will was so lulled and charmed that he soon out-snored 
the music. 



THE THBEE TBIAL8 ; OB, CBABBY GBOSS. 55 

Morning came; a clear, bright, beautiful morning; and 
welcome it /was after so stormy a night. No sooner did the 
£rst beams of the sim tip the clouds with red and gold, and 
make the blue sky look even more lovely than it naturally 
jdid by force of contrast^ than Will; who was still fiist asleep> 
felt his nose tweaked in a very queer way; whilst his mouth 
(which he had been sleeping with wide open) was tickled 
inside as if by a hair; and his ears pulled for him in right 
good earnest. 

Scarcely awake, he put up both hands^ and rubbed his 
eyes; and in doing so, to his extreme surprise, pushed off 
a little wretch who was sitting astride upon his nose kicking 
it for amusement, as if he had been laying his heels into the 
sides of a Pixy pony. My little gentleman was very dapper, 
being dressed in a green cloak and hood, very like a peas- 
cod; with a white cap, resembling a pea blossom, upon his 
head, altogether very trim and pretty. His fiice was gay 
and handsome; he wore moustachios on his upper lip; there 
was a free air about him, and a dash of the saucy fellow. 
His under clothes were tight to his shape; but with a little 
hole behind for the convenienuce of swinging carelessly his 
tail, which was curly and silky. The other Pixies were less 
striking, though still well looking, clothed and trimly 
dressed. They were all singing in their small squeaking 
way — 

" The moon is a-bed, and up is the sun ; 
Get up, Penruflan, and have your fun." 

Will, now fairly awake, obeyed the summons; he shook 
off the Pixy company, who took it in good part, and flying 



56 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES^ 

through the keyhole, they went to announce to old Joan 
that her guest was risen and ready for breakfast. 

Whereupon that ancient dame regaled, him and his 
father with a bowl of milk fresh from the cow, and some 
hot cakes baked on the hearth, no doubt by the Pixies* 
Their meal ended, both father and son were about to 
depart, but as they would not be ungrateful for their good 
cheer, they proceeded to offer their thanks to old Joan in 
their rough Cornish fashion. 

Whereupon old Joan bade Will put iis hand into the 
pocket of bis vest before he departed; he instantly obeyed 
her command, when what was his surprise to find in it a 
purse filled with several pieces of gold coin, as bright as if 
just struck at the king's mint. On opening the purse to 
coimt the contents, for he was desirous to ascertain the 
amount of his riches, out jumped Crabby Cross, as queer- 
looking, with as roguish an air as ever. The Pixy thus 
addressed Penruffin, as he stood for a minute on the pieces 
of gold which Will held in the open palm of his hand — 

" Three trials you bore for your supper and bed ; 
Without sign of fear or feeling of dread ; 
Old Joan keeps her word for blessing or ban, 
And with gold thus rewards a bold and brave man.'* 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OF TIVERTON; 

OR, THE STORY OF PIXY PICKET. 

The events I am now about to relate occurred soon after 
that cruel king, the crook-backed Richard, was slain in the 
battle of Bos worth Field ; and the Earl of Eichmond, who 
won the day, ascended the throne of England, as Henry, 
the seventh of that name. 

During the wars which ended in his downfall, Richard, 
being so wicked a man himself, was joined by many men 
of high and low degree, who were also very wicked. 
Among these was Randolph Rowle, who, for the brutality 
of his disposition, was commonly called Randolph the 
Rufl&an. He had served for many years under the late 
King Henry the Sixth, and (though it was never proved 
against him) was strongly suspected, on account of his 
hard-heartedness, of having been chosen as one of the 
murderers who assisted in smothering the poor little princeS 
in the Tower. 

Long before this he had married a young woman of his 
native town, Tiverton, in Devonshire, who was much too 
good for him. He used her very ill ; and though he had 
seven children, none of them lived to be a year old. Strange 
things were said about the way in which it was supposed 
they came by their deaths. Their poor mother, whose 
name was Bridget, had a very tender heart, and grieved 



58 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

for the loss of her babes, as much as she rejoiced whenever 
her husband went away to the wars and left her at home; 
for then she had a little quiet, with nobody to beat and ill- 
use her. But as her husband took with him all the little 
she had gained in money by working hard to help her 
neighbours, and even deprived her of what wheat she had 
stored up by gleaning in the fields, she was very poor and 
needy. The last time he went away was to fight in Bos- 
worth Field; and then he left her with only seven eggs in 
the world to live upon; and these she had concealed in an 
old, cracked oaken bowl that stood in a dark place in the 
comer cupboard. To add to her troubles, her hen had left 
off laying eggs. 

In the evening of the day of Eandolph's departure, whea 
the winds were blowing and the rain beating in heavy 
showers against her cottage window, Bridget sat over a 
wood-fire made by a few sticks which she had collected in 
the forest, thinking upon her hard fate, and what she should 
do to help herself. Suddenly she heard a moaning without^ 
accompanied by a gentle tapping at her door. Bridget rose 
up in haste, for she fancied this must be the cry of some 
benighted traveller; and so kind was her heart that distress 
never cried to her in vain, for if she had but a crust of 
bread, she would gladly share it with any poor soul who 
had none. So she opened the door at once, when in came 
the queerest looking little creature she had ever seen, 
dressed almost in rags, dripping wet and shivering with cold. 

It seemed to be a child, and a very small one, with a &t 
round face, a curly poll, a snub nose, and blue cunning 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OF TIVERTON, 59 

eyes, but very sparkling and pretty. But the most strange 
thing of all was that there was a look of a woman in the 
child's face, which Bridget did not know very well how to 
describe when she told the story: so she used to say — "it 
was for all the world like a little old child, neither one thing 
nor the other, and yet for all that very pretty." As to the 
wet rags and the hair, she did not know what to think of 
them either, for though she wiped down the creature's locks 
with the tail of her own petticoat, as hard as a groom 
wipes down a horse after a heat, and got all the wet from 
its head, yet the tail of the petticoat remained bone dry, 
and looked cleaner and better than when it was new ; and 
when she took the urchin to the fire in her dripping clothes, 
they dried in a trice, but never once smoked ! 

This done she set the little one down on the low stool, 
with two legs and a half, in the chimney comer; and she 
sat as well, not once rocking, as if never a broken leg had 
been under her. Bridget now asked the little girl her 
name. She answered it was Picket, and said that she 
had lost her way in the dark, and begged for something to 
eat, as she declared herself to be very hungry. Bridget 
rose up with a sigh to think how little she had to oiFer, 
but she took from the cracked boWl in the cupboard one of 
the seven eggs, and asked little Picket if she would like to 
have it boiled or roasted, telling her that six more eggs was 
all she had in the world. 

" Six more eggs !" said the child, " then pray, ma'am, be 
so good as to give them to me; for I have in all six 
brothers and sisters at home, and all very hungry;" and, 



60 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

like WordswortFs little girl, she added — ** ^ We are seven;' 
and we have neithei? father nor mother, and don't know 
what to do for a supper. So give the seven eggs to me, 
and I will begone, for the rain is over, and I can see 
through the window the moon above the clouds, and I shall 
now be able to find my way home, and my brothers and 
sisters and I will all sup together." So without waiting for 
ceremony, the forward little thing took the seven eggs, and 
tied them up in a bit of a rag that she wore like a cloak 
about her. 

" You are welcome to the eggs, my dear," said the good- 
natured Bridget, '* and as for your poor little brothers and 
sisters, I pity them very much. It makes me cry afresh to 
hear their number; for I have lost seven dear babes myself, 
and am now a childless woman." She wiped her eyes 
as she spoke, and told the little girl that if ever she could 
serve her, or her brothers and sisters, in any way, though 
she was very poor, she would never refuse to help the 
fatherless." 

The child seemed very sensible of her kindness; and 
asked her what would make her the most happy in the 
world. 

*' To have just such a 'pretty girl as you are, though not 
to look quite so much of a woman at your age." 

No sooner had she said this, than the strange little 
creature began to jump and leap about in a way that Bridget 
thought she would break all the eggs she had in her 
cloak ; and then she laughed and began to sing ; and going 
towards the door, whisked out of it, the good woman could 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OF TIVERTON. 61 

scarcely tell how, singing very gaily these words as she 
departed : — 

"Seven given in charity 

Seven shall return to thee, 

In a hopeful progeny." 

Bridget stood dumb with surprise, and did not know 
what to make of all this. She crossed herself and blessed 
herself, and went to bed in a very doubtful frame of mind. 
The next morning when she got up, shg saw something 
glitter in her old shoe, and found to her amazement it was 
a piece of silver coin, fresh and new as if just from the 
King's mint. Next the hen salutedTher ears with the greatest 
cackling and ran about the yard, as if half mad with delight. 
Bridget found she had laid an egg, and so the fowl continued 
to do every day after for weeks together, tiU there were 
enough eggs for her to hatch chickens; and then she reared 
seven of the finest that ever were seen. But the greatest 
wonder is yet to be told. 

A few months after all this had happened, as Kandolph 
Bowie was one day returning home, his absence having 
been shorter than usual, he observed a great many people, 
young and old, about his house, all talking, moving, lifting 
up their hands and eyes, as if in amazement. The stir and 
bustle, was considerable, for all the women in the village 
seemed assembled together. 

" What ^s the matter?" inquired Kandolph as he ap- 
proached them, " Are you all gone mad to-day, or what 
has happened that you so beset my door?" 

'* 0, Master Kandolph Rowle, don't you know what has 
come to pass?" said a neighbour. 



62 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

** How should I?" he replied. " I have been up to 
Lunnun with some of my old fellows at arms to try to get 
taken into the service of the new king, but he will not 
have us; and so here am I home again, and nothing better 
in fortune." 

" Nothing better in fortune !" exclaimed one of the 
gossips. *' Master Randolph Eowle, you are the luckiest 
man in the world ; there never was such a thing known or 
heard of before.'^ 

*• You '11 be the envy of half the great barons and ladies 
in the county,'* said a yoong woman. 

'^ You '11 be talked of far and near," said an old one. 

" For what?*' exclaimed Randolph. ** You have all 
tongues that run fast enough, but will not one of you tell 
me what all this is about?*' 

" And such a blessing upon your head," said an old 
grandmother who was present. 

" And I hope you will remember the poor neighbours 
who first told you of it,'* said another speaker; " and will 
give me something to drink your health with, for I am 
quite ready to do a neighbour's part." 

** And I hope you '11 give us all something to drink your 
health with, and to bring good luck on your roof, for as 
many more blessings every year," said another gossip. And 
so they went on chattering like magpies. 

Randolph grew angry; his ears were stunned with twenty 
women all talking together, whilst he knew not what it 
was about. At last he grew rough, and lifting up a great 
walking staflf that he held in his hand, vowed he would 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OP TIVERTON. 63 

clear his door of them all if they would not tell him at 
once, and in plain terms, what had happened. 

On hearing this, an old woman advanced, inclined her 
body a little, spread out her two hands open before her, 
looked up in his fece, and said in a sort of scream, indica- 
tive of an excess of joyous congratulation — 

" Why, Bandolph Rowle, this it be then. — You be the 
happiest man in all the new king*s kingdom ; you be the 
father of seven children, all alive and well, and all born at 
the same time; and if you will give me something to buy 
spoons, 1 11 stand godmother to them all myself. Joy, joy 
to you, Randolph Eowle! Hurra, hurra I" 

" And pray give something to wet the throats of us 
gossips, for bringing you the good news," and all the 
women, old and young, huddled round him, each claiming 
a reward for herself, for having been the first to announce 
it> and give him joy. 

Randolph instinctively put his hands up to his ears, and 
neither seemed overjoyed, nor at all gladdened, as any 
honest &ther would have been at the hearing of such a 
piece of good luck, as having seven babies bom to him all 
in one day. He rather looked vexed and angry about it; 
and protesting that not the cackling of the geese on the 
common, nor the squalling of all the cats in the village, nor 
the hum of the bee-hives, could so vex his ears and madden 
his senses as their tongues; he gave the old crone who had 
in the plainest manner told him the news a poke with his 
staff, kicked and pushed the others aside with heels and 
elbows, made his way within his own door, and banged 
it after him in all their faces. 



64 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

Randolph found his wife sitting up, quite well, nicely 
dressed in the neatest clothes she had ever worn. The 
nicest cradle, covered with a white satin quilt, was by her 
side, and in it seven sweet pretty babies, just as if made 
out of wax; and as like the one to the other as so many 
pats of butter. 

The sight of so numerous a family caused Randolph 'to 
be very angry ; and without giving one kind word, or even 
look, to his wife, he said, in a rough voice and manner, 
*' What's all this? Seven little wretches to call me father, 
and to keep me day and night working for them, and 
starving myself. I shall do no such thing. They shall not 
stay here; I will not have them* And what's all this? You 
so fine as my lady the Countess of Devon, up at the Castle; 
and white satin, too, thrown over this bundle of kittens. 
How comes all this? I don't understand it." 

" I am sure, I can't tell you, husband," said Bridget, 
" all I know is, that neither the clothes, nor the cradle, nor 
the white satin quilt cost us the smallest bit of money; for 
I found them all by the bed-side when I opened my eyes, 
on waking from the first sleep that I got after the dear 
babes were born. And husband, for the love of all the 
saints, don't call these seven sweet, pretty, dear, beautiful 
little babes, kittens. They are human creatures, and all 
girls. And when they are made Christians, I hope they 
will live to be good ones, and a comfort to you. So do 
give them a father's blessing, and be thankful for having 
seven of them sent all at one time to make up for the 
number we lost formerly." 



THE SEVEN GROSSES OF TIVERTON. B5 

** I bless them T said Bandolpli, '* for what? For bringing 
me seven plagues — seven mouths to' fill instead of one. I 
can't feed babes as thrashes do their young, with worms; 
and mj wish, wife, is, that these seven little wretches were 
food for them in the church-yard.'* 

** Randolph, dont say such a wicked thing, for fear 
the roof should fall down upon us and crush us both with 
them. To think such an unnatural wish should come from 
the lips of a father, it is shocking I But Fll work for the 
babes day and night to maintain them. And 111 do all for 
ihem myself till they are old enough to get their own 
living. So da now be a good man for once, and bless your 
own dear children." 

Randolph looked down upon the poor innocents sleeping 
in the cradle, but with no relenting expression. He spoke 
not a word. 

" DonH they look just like so many daisies, sweet, pretty 
dears," said Bridget, her admiration of her little progeny 
inspiring her with the first and only poetical mode of 
speech she ever ventured to use in the presence of her 
husband. He answered her by calling her a fool for her 
pains; and, without stopping to say another word, left the 
cottage and went in search of old Pancras Cole, the woman 
of the evil eye, as she was called, who lived in a lonely hut 
by the road-side near the neighbouring forest. It was said 
that, when she had* nothing else to do, she would amuse 
herself by taking a seat on a rock by the way-side, and 
there would work some spell to the injury of every traveller 
mounted on horse-back who refused to give her money; 

r 



66 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

tbat she would niake hia horse stumble or throw the rider 
before he got to his journey's end» Randolph the ruffian 
iad, on more occasions than the present, been seen ta seek 
her when his humour or his passions, like her own, were 
disposed to work evil. 

Pancras Cole was seated on the rock as he approached her. 
She was dressed in an old, dark gown and cloak, with a 
hood thrown over her head, leaving the face and forehead 
uncovered. She had the most formidable aspect. Though 
seated, she appeared to be a very tall woman, strong and 
robust, with the muscles of her arms so marked, that they 
looked almost like whip^cords drawn round them. - They 
were quite bare nearly up to her shoulders, for her cloak 
was tKrown back. Her face was dark, her eyes fiery and 
dark also, and she had a black beard on the upper lip and 
about the chin; it would have been a great improvement 
to her> had she sent for the village barber to shave it. She 
was leaning on. her staff, and seemed to be looking out for 
a comer, when Randolph approached. Before he could 
tspeak, she thus greeted him. 

*^ Dogs have whelps more than are needed ; 
Kittens have their deaths unheeded. 
Why should seven make thee moan ? 
Babes they are, and all thine own. 
Seven ! in a basket heap them, 
Seven ! let the river keep them. 

" Good,'' said Randolpb the ruffian, " Mother, you and 
I never differ in our way of thinking." 

**Npr of acting," exclaimed Pancras Cole„ "but what 



THE SEVEN GB0SSE8 OP TIVERTON, 67 

yon would do, must be done before the moon wanes to- 
morrow night. And more than that, Randolph Eowle/' 
she added, ''follow my counsel, and bread and ale and a 
stout sword and good pay shall be yours/* 

•'What must I do? I would go below the earth and 
take service with that dark gentleman you serve so well 
upon it, mother, for such guerdon as you tell me of," said 
the reprobate Randolph, with a grin which was the nearest 
approach to a smile his countenance ever assumed. *' Tell 
me what to do, and where to go, and I am not the man to 
flinch in the matter." 

" Go and take service with the Baron La Zouch, who 
was King Richard's friend," said the hag. " He has been 
fined heavily, and his castle seized, for serving the dead 
king ; but the living one has granted him pardon for his 
life, and he is about to thank King^ Henry for it as I would 
have him. He is secretly drawing together a band of dis- 
contented men, and stirring up some of the great barons 
against him. I have given him my blessing. If this 
treason thrives, you will be a made man, Randolph Rowle, 
Go before the moon wanes to-morrow night, and, by the 
power of my art, I foresee you will be taken into his 
service." 

f* And the seven Imps at home ?" said the profene Ran- 
dolph. 

*' Do this," replied old Pancras Cole ; and she rose up 
arid whispered something in Randolph's ear, then raised 
her arm, and pointed with her " skinny finger" in an 
opposite direction ; and, bidding the evil one prosper him 

f2 



68 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

in all his ways, left him to himself, went into the cottage, 
and shut the door after her. 

Now, my young friends, you want to know what she 
said to him. But how can I tell you ? No one was there 
to hear itj and as neither Pancras Cole nor Eandolph 
Eowle ever made known the subject of that whisper to any 
living creature, it is quite impossible that I can be acquainted 
with it. But, perhaps, the next event in my tale may 
enable us to guess what it was. 



In the days of which I write, there were neither stage- 
coaches, flies, gigs, nor rail-roads. Gentlemen and ladies 
generally travelled on horse-back ; and that through* such 
bad roads (for this was long before Mr. M* Adam was bom), 
they seldom made a journey of any distance, unless com- 
pelled so to do. They generally contented themselves, if 
they lived in the country, with riding about hunting and 
hawking on their own lands. There were, also, no news- 
papers in those days; so that, what with the want of such 
.coaches and rail-roads, and newspapers, news of any kind 
travelled slowly ; and an event which was very stirring in 
one village might not be known in the next for some days, 
or even weeks, afl«r. This I tell you, my young &iends, 
in order to- account for Eandolph Ebwle's good luck, in 
having seven little girls all at once, not being so speedily 
or so much known in the neighbourhood as the gossips 
round his door, who wanted to get some money from him, 
had predicted. 

At the time of my story, there was a certain Countess of 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OP TIVERTON. 69 

Devon, a widow, whose son was a little boy, and under the 
care of a good master at Winchester SchooL The Countess 
took charge of all his castles and lands till he should be of 
age to take possession of them himself; and she lived 
always in one or the other of these strongholds. Now there 
was, among them, a very noble residence, which had been 
built early in the twelfth century. It stood on the north 
side of the market-town of Tiverton ; and to this day, 
though but a portion of its ruins are in existence, it forms 
an object of curiosity with the traveller and the antiquary. 
The ruins consist of a large gateway and some strong towers 
and walls, partially overgrown with ivy. 

Just before the opening of my tale, the Countess had 
been much annoyed by a law-suit, commenced against her- 
self and her little son by the wicked Baron La Zouch^ who 
set up a most unjust claim to Tiverton Castle, pretending 
he had a right to the lands on which it stood. But, after 
a great deal of time and money spent to no purpose, he lost 
his suit, and the Countess remained in full possession of the 
castle. 

In the times of which I write, the town and neighbour- 
hood of Tiverton were different in many respects to what, 
they now are. A large park and forest belonging to the 
Earls of Devon formed part of the castle domain, and the 
river ran through woods that have long since been destroyed, 
so that it would now be in vain to seek for the spot where 
the good and pious Countess of Devon erected a little 
chapel or oratory, to which she was fond of retiring to 
pray, and meditate, without being disturbed by any pf her- 



70 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

numerous household or guests. The chapel was some dis- 
tance &om the Qastle, but she took a pleasure in walking 
to it alone early of a morning. 

In one of these walks, she came suddenly upon a man 
who was just about turning into a narrow path, which led 
through the wood to the river. She observed he was carrying 
a basket, and that when, he saw her, he first made as if he 
would pass her at once; then he stood back, then he moved 
forward again, and though he put down his load for a 
minute to doff his cap to her, for he knew who she was, 
yet he snatched the basket up again in a very hasty manner, 
and seemed so desirous to get on^ that he had hardly the 
patience to let her pass. 

" Good man," said the Countess, who thought there was' 
something very strange in all this, " what makes you in 
such a hurry, arid what have you there in that basket?" 

" Whelps, my lady, whelps.'' 

" Whelps I" said the Countess. " Do let me see them.'* 

" They are not worth lookiug at, my lady," replied the 
man ; '' they are only puppies not worth the rearing." . 

" And what are you going to do with them?' inquired 
the Countess. 

'^ Drown them, my lady; toss them into the river; such 
whelps are not worth the rearing." 

. " I will see them," said the Countess. *^ Put the basket 
down." 

" They are my own, and I have a right to do what I 
please with them," muttered the man* ** If I open the 
basket, they '11 jump out and run away, and I 've no time 




THK SEVEN CROSS KS OF TIVERTON. 



Page 70. 



THE SEVEK CROSSES OP TIVBBTON. 71 

to ppare to catch them: so gdod-mbrrow to you, my lady.** 
And with that he attempte4 to push past her In a very 
rude manner. 

But this purpose was not so easily effected* The Coun- 
tess, though alone, was not unattended; she had by her 
side a guard who understood and obeyed the slightest sign 
she gave him of her pleasure. 

*' Seize him, Harold^ seize himT^ accompanied by a 
motion of her hand, caused a nohle bloodhound in a mo* 
ment to fly at the fellow, and seize him by the throat. In 
the struggle his foot slipped^ and he fell with some violence 
on the ground, striking the back of his head against the 
roots of an oak-tree that crossed the path. The fellow was 
somewhat stunned by the blow. The Countess, whose 
command over her dog was no less ' surprising than hia 
intelligence in obeying her, now made some sign, and the 
hound held the man by the throaty but without throttling 
him. 

In another moment she removed the lid from the basket; 
when who shall speak her surprise, on beholding what 
then met her eyes I Seven sweet beauti&l little babies, 
all put together with their heads uppermost, like birds in a 
nest, and some opening their mouths^ as if asking for food, 
like those birds, from their dams. 

" you cruel, wicked man P' said the Countess. " But 
you shall not escape punishment; my people shall teach 
you to know that murder can neither be intended nor 
committed on my domain without chastisement.** 

At that moment, all the seven babies began to cry, and 



72 A PEEP AT THE PIXISS. 

tlie Conntess became sozelj embarrassed what to do, between 
her desire to save the diildren^ and to detain the man wbo 
would have destroyed them. But the lives of the former 
were, she justly judged^ of the first consequence; nnd no 
time was to be lost, for they seemed very hungry, and much 
in want of bread-pap. Shfe, therefore, at once put the lid 
on the basket, but found she could not carry it without 
assistance. Calling off Harold from the man, she bade the 
dog take one handle in his mouth, whilst she held the 
other, and in this way proposed to carry it between them 
to the castle. But the noble hound, who seemed on that 
morning to possess even more than his accustomed intelli^ 
gence, relieved her by taking at once the basket in his 
mouth, and without any help whatever, wagged his tail, 
and trotted off with it towards the castle. 

The Countess feared to remain without her guard, near 
such a ruffian; and observing that the fellow was now 
raising himself up from the ground, she said to him,. 
** Eepent ; and be thankful that you have been prevented 
doing a most cruel deed/' and followed the dog as &st as 
her steps could carry her. 

The Countess of Devon truly did a good deed, in saving: 
the lives of Eandolph Eowle's seven poor little babes from 
the wicked purpose of their unnatural &ther. No one 
knew what became of him ; but, after many enquiries, ^e 
found out the mother, and was very kind to her ; but, so 
much had Bridget fretted for the loss of her* babes, and so 
ill had she been used by her husband, that her health &iled 
her very much. Seeing this, and thinking it not safe, that 



THE SETEN CEOSSES OF TIVERTON. 73^ 

idie poor woman should remain where so cruel a husband 
might be likely to return some day or other to molest her, 
the Countess persuaded Bridget to go to a distance, and 
recommended her to the abbess of a convent in Cornwall, 
where she might make hersdf useful in household work to 
lielp the nuns. 

Bridget agreed to the proposal ; and, before she left the 
castle, took leave of her seven sweet babies very affection- 
ately; and the Countess made the poor woman quite happy, 
by assuring her that she would do all for the dear little 
creatures just the same as if they were children of her own. 
She kept her word ; had them christened, and gave them 
an education fit for tbe first ladies in the land. 



PART li» 

Fifteen years had passed away since the events related in 
the last chapter. The Countess* son had grown up a man, 
had gone to travel for the improvement of his mind and 
manners, and left his good lady-mother in the full com- 
mand of his castle of Tiverton, where she liked principally 
to dwell. 

The Countess now began to consider that it was high 
time for her seven daughters, as she used to call Patience, 
Katherine, Margaret, Mabel, Alice, Isabel, and Ursula, to 
see something of the world, and be introduced into com- 
pany, so that they might appear at the grand dinners and 
balls she often gave at the castle. . The Countess always 



74 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES* 

kept her son's birth-day^ and made a great feast upon it to 
hei friends, her followers, and tenants ; and the poor were 
not forgotten on so joyous an occasion. True, he was now. 
absent ; but she loved him so dearly, that she determined 
to have the feast just as usual ; and as it so happened that, 
fifteen years before, she preserved the seven children on^ 
her son's birth-day, she determined to make it a festival of 
more than usual splendour* So grand was everything to 
be, with such plenty of good cheer, that it took a whole 
month to prepare for the day. When it ^came at last, on 
the 15th of July, though it was St. Swithins day, not a 
drop of rain fell ; and the sun shone out so bright, and 
with such a full face, as if he could never tire with looking, 
upon the revelry, and giving a warm welcome to the 
guests. 

Everything was ready ; the Countess sat at the head of a 
long table in the old castle hall. Knights, ladies, esquires, 
and pages, were all present in their gayest attire 5 whilst 
her seven fair daughters, the children of adoption, sat by 
her, four on the right, and three on the left hand. They 
were all dressed in white satin, and could only be known, 
the one from the other, by the variety in colour of the 
knots of ribband which they wore upon their bosoms. So 
much, indeed, were they alike, that the Countess herself 
found it difficult to distinguish them. They had all light 
brown curly hair, fine blue eyes, and necks and cheeks like 
lilies and roses, BeautiM as they were, they were quite 
as good as they were beautifiil ; and so grateftil, that the 
only contest they ever had among, themselves was, which 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OF TIVERTON. 75 

should do most to oblige and serve the good lady who had 
been to them all such a good friend and benefactress. 

It was really a very pretty sight, to see both them and 
the dinner ; how plentiful it was ; how gaily the tables 
were set out with festoons of flowers ; how the cups of 
wine and mead went sparkling round the board. It was 
cheering to hear with what a shouting the healths of the 
Countess of Devon, her absent son, and her seven fair, 
daughters, were given in the hall, as the old harper struck 
up his harp and sang to it a song which made the old roof 
echo again with its joyous sounds. 

Just as the harper was concluding his song, the hom^ 
which hung at the castle gates to announce the arrival of 
any one who desired admission, sounded loud and long. 
The Countess was surprised, as all the guests of any con- 
sequence she had invited were already arrived, and seated 
at the table, and for no common person would the horn 
blow after that fashion. A page ran in haste up to his 
mistress, and begged her to go to the window, which 
looked towards the long avenue that led to the castle, 
and she would see a sight that would surprise her. The 
Countess and her seven young ladies, none of whom were 
wanting in curiosity, did as they were advised to do, and 
ran to the window, and there saw what I really do not 
know how to describe, so glorious was it. 

There appeared, coming along the Avenue, a sort of 
small open car, so white and dazzling that it looked as if 
made of ivory and silver. It was drawn by four cream- 
coloured ponies, but not larger than ordinary sized dogs. 



76 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

The harness they tad about them was composed of gold and 
mother-of-pearl; and on their heads, and at their ears, the 
little animals had bunches of flowers tied up with blue, 
pink, and green ribbands. Multitudes of little men on foot, 
each wearing such shining dresses, that it is not possible 
I can particularize them, were seen aroimd the car, and 
each carried a javelin in one hand, and a little shield slung 
across his shoulders. It was quite evident, therefore, these 
miniature men acted as soldiers. 

In front of this guard of honour, walked the musicians; 
they were very queer and whimsical in their appearance, 
dresses, and instruments. They were all like little men; 
but some among them looked old and ugly; and each man 
who played the fiddle had carved on the top of his instru- 
ment a £ace resembling his own, in all its ugliness. There 
were Jew's harps, and flutes that seemed to be formed out 
of old broom sticks; which was the more extraordinary 
where everything was so fine. Several pot-lids were used 
by way of cymbals; and the leader of the band, a very 
pompous little fellow, wearing what was in his day a 
novelty, a full-bottomed wig, earned a salt-box under his 
arm, and played upon it with great taste and expression; a 
set of performers on the marrow-bones and cleaver, probably 
ilie finest in Europe, completed the band. 

In the car was seated a lady, so very splendidly dressed 
that to look at her when the beams of the sun fell upon her, 
as they did on her coming into the court of the castle, was 
as trpng to the eyes, as it is to look upon water, when it 
reflects tlie sun's rays. On a nearer view, it was _ seen that 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OF TIVERTON. 77 

altliougli she was loaded with jewels, she wore nothing by 
way of ornament but what in form resembled some object 
in nature. Her tiara was made by a row of golden-crested 
wrens; their eyes were of diamonds, and the finest chased 
gold formed the crown of the birds; whilst round the neck 
of each was a little collar of the richest gems. Her gown 
was of the thinest silver tissue; and over it a robe lined with 
the white and glossy plumage from the breast of the swan. 

At the back of her car sat seven ladies, her maids of 
honour, each carried something in her hand over which 
was thrown a white napkin ; probably to conceal it from 
the common gaze. There were at least one hundred knights 
and as many squires, all in the gayest attire, with bright 
armour, and the richest velvets and jewels, and helmets and 
bonnets, with diamond and emerald ornaments; and white 
plumes drooping over their heads. The Countess was lost 
in wonder; but nothing in this splendid sight so much 
surprised her as to see how very small were all the gentle- 
men, the ladies^ the car, and the horses. In point of size 
they really looked just like a set of little children playing at 
kings and queens, surrounded by their court. 

But there they were; and the only probable conjecture 
-the Coimtess could make was — that they must be people 
from one of those strange and little known countries, over 
seas, in the eastern part of the world, which neither in size 
nor in any thing else resembled the nations of Europe. She 
had often heard poor pilgrims, who go about from castle to 
castle telling the wonders they have seen in their travels, 
speak of such beings. Her son, too, was on his travels; 



78 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES, 

perhaps he had visited the coixrt of some Prince of this 
description, and might have recommended him with several 
of his chief nobility, or probably, his Queen, to make a 
journey to England, and to visit his mother at Tiverton 
Castle. The Countess told what she thought to those 
around her ; and they all fancied she must be right in her 
opinion. It was agreed to give the stranger a very hand- 
some and ceremonious reception. 

The grand little lady gave her hand to the chamberlain 
of the castle, who bent down to accommodate his height to 
hers, as he handed her from her car. All the pages and 
gentlemen present followed his example in paying their 
respects to the maids of honour ; and many of the household 
also shewed the most civil attention to the mounted knights 
and their diminutive horses. At length the whole of the 
new comers entered the hall. The grand lady directed the 
master of the salt-box to slop the band, as she was about to 
•make a speech, aijd to salute the Countess of Devon. 

The Countess, surrounded by her seven daughters, re- 
ceived the little lady standing on the dais. She bade the 
fair stranger, who came about as high as her knee, welcome ; 
and ventured to ask her name and her country. 

** The Princess Picket," she replied, with great dignity; 
but with a very sweet smile, as if to reassure the Countess, 
lest the announcement of the very high rank of her guest 
should be too much for her. The princess was then con- 
ducted to the foot-stool that stood before the chair of state, 
.which was too high for her to reach, and seated upon the 
•stool: the maids of honour stood around her, in respectful 
observance of her pleasure. 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OP TIVERTON. 79 

The Countess, after many civilities, requested the Princess 
and her party to take refreshment, which she did not refuse. 
A nice little table was brought in, and many dainties placed 
upon it. The Princess Pickett and her ladies pulled and 
picked a few pieces with their fingers; but seemed to like 
nothing so well as a junket that was produced ; and on 
that they fell to with all their might, lapped the cream like 
young kittens, and soon emptied the dish and called for 
-another. 

The little gentlemen of the Princess' suite were regaled 
at the long board in the hall; and as the readiest way of 
serving them, for they were not tall enough to touch it, 
they were set upon the table. They fell to very heartily 
on the good cheer^ and did not spare the wines. Some, 
indeed, so far forgot tJiemselves, as to take rather too much; 
and more than one had a tumble on the floor, which only 
excited peab of laughter among his fellows. But the Prin- 
cess, who was very dignified, would not sanction anything 
like riot in.her attendant?; and saying she had far to travel 
•tliat night, and must be gone, directed her people to prepare 
for her departure. 

She then rose and very politely complimented the Countess 
on her hospitality, and on the grace and beauty of her seven 
fair daughters. The Countess said plainly, they were none 
o£ hers, and was much astonished to find that the Princess 
knew perfectly well their history,- more especially when she 
added, she was aware the lady of the castle on that day 
celebrated the anniversary of her son's birth ; the same 
being also the day of her having, fifteen years before, done 



80 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

SO good a deed as the saving of the poor babes might Walj 
be called. Before her departure^ she wished to give to 
each young lady some token of her regard ; and a word of 
good advice. She waved her hand to them gracefully ; and 
the girls instantly threw themselves at her feet and declared 
their readiness to obey her commands* 

Princess Pickett waa satisfied. She bade them arise; and 
speaking apart to her maids of honour, they also prepared 
to fulfil her orders. The first took her station on the right- 
hand of her mistrbss^ as she beckoned to one of the sisters 
to approach her* 

Patience stepped forward. The Princess then took from 
the hands of her attendant a beautifiil little dog with long 
,curly ears, and presenting it to Patience, said — 
''Fidele take— his watchful ear 
Will ne'er be closed when danger's near." 

She next ordered Katharine to come toiler; and taking 
something from another of her ladies in waiting, presented to 
this sister a small beautifully*carved ivory hand, the fingers 
of which were rather bent towards the thumb. The Prin- 
cess spoke — 

* Doubt not your wiay by day or night ; 
This ivory hand will guide you right." 

With exactly the same ceremonies, to each of the five 
iremaining sisters she presented a gift. To Margaret, a* 
phial, with these words — 

* Take, then, this wine ; it hath a power 
To bind in sleep for one whole hour." 

To Mabel she gave a beautiful little bird of the 



THE SEVEN CBOSSES OP TIVERTON. 81 

3ove class, but scarcely larger than a wren* It was m a 
pretty cage with golden wires* Mabel could not help 
expressing her admiration of the gift in a few words of 
thankful delight. The Princess, as she put the cage with 
its feathered tenant into her hand, said— 

"Safely and swiftly through the air 
This faithful bird will letter bear;* 

Alice came next at her desire. The Princess gave her 
a very plain key, suspended on a ring of gold, with these 
words : — 

"Through every door this little key 
WiU give escape or entrance free.'* 

To Isabel she presented what was apparently a very 
simple gift, a little parcel of dried herbs that looked no 
better than a bundle of common dead leaves, tied up to- 
gether. The Princess smiled as if amused at seeing how 
much Isabel was disappointed at receiving so poor a gift; 
but she said as she smiled : — 

"The deadliest wound of sharpest steel, 
Sword, spear, or shaft, this herb will heal'* 

' Ursula next advanced blushing, and in such a tremor 
fifhe could hardly stand in so august a presence. The Prin- 
cess graciously reassured her, and with much condescension 
gave her a small but elegantly formed lute with these words :— 

"A lute can charm the bosom rude, 
When passion 's in its fiercest mood.** 

This was the last gift. As if inspired by some powerful 
spell which encompassed them, and was quite irresistible, 

a 



82 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

the seven sisters fell at the Countess of Devon^s feet, and 
vowed in the name of all the saints to whom they prayed, 
to dedicate to her at any time in which she might need 
their services, the gifts they had received. 

The Princess Picket was well pleased with their modest 
and dutiful behaviour, and took her leave both of them 
and all present with her accustomed dignity. She mounted 
into her car, and commanded her band to give a parting 
token of respect to the Countess, by playing one of their 
most impressive airs. The Jews' harp, the marrow-bones and 
cleavers, and the other instruments, led by the salt-box. 
struck up ** Polly put the kettle on," which tune probably 
not even Sir Henry Bishop himself, with all his profound 
knowledge of musip, is aware to be of such ancient 
date, as to have been performed in such a presence, and by 
such a distinguished set of musicians as those described 
in this veritable history. 

It was soon after this eventful day, that the good Countess 
of Devon began to experience anew the wicked designs of 
her old enemy, the Baron La Zouch. Deserted by the 
lawyers, who, in the first instance had urged him on to 
commence the law-suit, in the hope of gaining the lands, he 
determined to have no more to do with such deceivers. He 
said they took his money and left him and his cause just as 
it was before he had anything to do with them. Now the 
Baron La Zouch was a bold man and very fond of fighting, 
and so he called his archers and all his merry men about 
him, and told them that if they would follow him and 
storm the castle of Tiverton, that was his by right, and if 



THE SEVEN CBOSSES OP TIVERTON. 83 

they beat the Countess of Devon's men at arms^ who were 
in it as her guards, he would allow them as soon as they 
got possession to share the gold and silver cups and spoons 
among them, and to open the cellars and help themselves 
to all the wines and strong ale they could find in them. 
The Baron's men were very well pleased with the proposal, 
for like their master, they were no better than thieves: and 
so they set forward to the storming of Tiverton castle. 

I will not detain you, my young friends, with a relation 
of all the particulars of the siege. It was a very stirring 
one whilst it lasted. So many men were collected in the 
surrounding woods, that there was scarcely a branch of a 
tree, but a nodding plume, or a helmet, or the glitter of a 
steel cap was seen under it. There was a fierce contest 
in the efibrt made by the besiegers to storm the outward 
barriers and to gain access to the castle by crossing the 
moat or ditch by which it was surrounded. "When that 
^as gained by the enemy, there was such a blowing of 
bugles and soimding of trumpets, and whizzing of arrows, 
and twanging of crossbows; such a rolling down of stones 
and hot pitch from the battlements of the castle on the 
besiegers, and such a shouting and a calling and a banging 
"With swords and axes about each other's heads; and such a 
clashing of shields, that never was anything like it since 
•men began to kill each other for gain, or for amusement, 
in battles or in tournaments. But at last the besiegers were 
beaten back: many lost their lives; so that the Baron La 
JZouch was obliged to give over the contest and draw off 
bis men, leaving the Countess of Devon, who had sustained 



84 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

very little loss, In full possession of her castle, hef gold and 
silver cups and spoons, and all her wine and ale. 

Thus defeated in law and. in arms, the Baron La Zouch 
was nevertheless determined not to give over annoying the 
Countess; and thinking that as her son was absent over 
seas, if he could but get rid of such a spirited woman, he 
should soon possess himself of the castle, he determined to 
have recourse to treachery. So wicked was he, that he 
offered among the worst of his own people a reward in 
gold to any one of them who would kill the Countess, 
either openly or by any secret means he could devise. 

La Zouch was a violent man, but even in his own wicked 
plans incautious; so that the plots he was desirous to carry 
into execution against her life reached the ears of the 
Countess. All her seven daughters became very watchful 
and anxious about her; indeed, so did her household and 
people generally, for she was a very good mistress over 
them all. Every precaution was taken for safety; the 
drawbridge that crossed the moat was raised every evening 
before dark, and no one suffered to pass over or to enter 
into the castle without the warder knowing who he was. 

One night when the weather was very warm, the Coun- 
tess, before retiring to bed, opened a window in the room 
where she slept, which was much larger than castle- win- 
dows of the time usually were, but she was very fond of 
plenty of fresh air, and so she had it altered to suit her owi' 
fancy. She enquired of her attendant, if a page who slepi 
in a room adjoining her little oratory was at his post, as 
ever since these alarms about the Baron, he was so stationec 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OP TI7EBT0N. 85 

as her guard for the night. On being informed he was at 
hand in case of need, she dismissed her waiting damsel, and 
retired to rest. 

About midnight, the Countess was awakened by a strange 
sound without the window. The raoon shone brightly, for 
it was at the full, and streamed into the apartment in a 
flood of light, when she fancied she saw a small creature 
like a child in form, but not so high as her hand, pulling 
the ears of the little dog which the Princess Picket had 
given to Patience, and which, by that affectionate girl^s 
wish, the Countess had taken to sleep in her bed-chamber 
ever since she had been frightened about the Baron. She 
now looked and wondered, and fancied that she must be 
dreaming. The dog growled on having his ears pulled, 
but did not raise up his nose, which, was turned towards 
his hind legs, as he lay in a manner rolled up on the rushes 
near the bed-side. But before the lady could satisfy her- 
self if she were waking or sleeping, she heard a noise at the 
window, and, on looking up, saw, to her astonishment, a 
man squeezing himself through it, and getting into her 
room. The moon gleamed partially upon him, and showed 
that he wore a steel casque or cap: something glittered that 
he carried in. his hand. 
' At that moment, before the Countess could spring from 
fcer bed, the dog roused up, and barked so furiously, that 
tiie man, who had cleared the window and leaped down on 
the floor, first made at the dog with the intent to silence it. 
But though he struck at it again and again, the little crea- 
ture ran round and round and. round him in so quick a 



86 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

manner, that he could neither ' strike it, nor kill it, nor get 
away from it, for the nimble animal flew at one leg, now at 
another, hindering every attempt he made to put forward a» 
foot to reach the Countess. He was amazed, for never 
before did so insignificant a little dog become a match for 
a ruffian bent on murder. 

In the interval, the Countess leaped firom her bed, and- 
rushing towards that side of the room where her zealous ^ 
little guard still fought so bravely for her defence, she- 
slipped under the arras or tapestry that hung loose over the 
walls, opened a secret door which it concealed, and in 
another moment called up the page. She told him he was 
too young and too slight to encounter the armed man, but- 
bade him run and sound the alarm-bell that was near her 
chamber, and do all he could to rouse the castle, and call- 
up the guard, who, night and day, were on the watch at the . 
castle gates. 

She was obeyed; and the ruflSan, at the very instant the 
dog was beginning to weary of his contest with him, was/ 
taken prisoner. The Countess spared his life, though he t 
deserved to lose it; but she caused him to be chained and; 
put into a dungeon of the castle. There the priest obtained: 
from him a confession : he was one of the Baron La Zouch'ai 
people. On the previous evening he had contrived to de- 
ceive the porter, and to pass unsuspected, when several of* 
the countrymen were bringing great loads of wood for fires 
into the castle. The villain had concealed himself in some 
bushes that grew under one of the outer walls; and know« 
ing all about the castle, and where the Countess slept, with 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OP TIViattTON. 87 

tbe assistance of a scaling-ladder he had got in at her 
bedroom window, when all her household w«s at rest. He 
acknowledged that the little dog had been the means of 
saving her life* 

In consequence of this, all the bushes which had any 
wbere grown under the walls were cut down; and the 
people of the castle became more than ever watchful. At 
length the Countess was much relieved by hearing that the 
Baron la Zouch was absent from the country, and had taken 
with him all his men, except a few that he left to guard his 
own castle which was far distant from hers. She now 
thought herself safe for a time; and as she had been very 
much confined within her own walls, she began to wish for 
firesh air. A ride in the forest was proposed. After con- 
sulting with the priest and the captain of the guard, they 
gave it as their opinion that the safest way would be for the 
Countess and one of her daughters to dress themselves very 
plainly, like their waiting damsels; and so to go out together 
without any attendance, as if they were merely two of the 
household going on their own affairs to the neighbouring 
market; whereas did so great a lady go forth with her 
accustomed state it might attract notice, and some new plan 
be devised for her. injury. 

According to this advice, the Countess and Katherine, 
each mounted on a pretty and swift pacing pony, wrapped 
around her a plain grey cloak with a hood, and having as 
plain a foot cloth, set out for an airing. They soon reached 
the forest. When the Countess came to the spot at the 
entrance of the wood, where so many years before she met 



88 jl peep at the pixies. 

Sandolpli with his basket of live children, she told Ea- 
therine that was the place where herself and her sisters had 
been saved from a cruel &te. The young lady shed tears 
at the affecting narrative, and after pausing a few moments 
to express her sense of thankfulness, and her determination 
to serve her benefactress at the risk of life itself* they con* 
tinned for some time their ride under the boughs of the 
trees. Now and then a deer bounded across their path, in 
his way to join the herd to which he belonged, or to go 
down to the river's side and slake his thirst from the stream 
that ran as clear as a mirror, reflecting in its dark sur&ce 
the woods and the sky, so that it looked almost like a 
Pixy world seen beneath the waters. The birds were sing- 
ing merrily, and hopping about the grass, or flyiug from 
bough to bough, as joyous as birds could be. 

At length, on advancing more towards the depths of the 
forest, Eatherine, who had very quick eyes and observed 
every thing, suddenly drew up her pony by the side of the 
Countess, and said to her in a hurried manner, *' Dear lady, 
what shall we do? It is neither safe to continue on this 
road, nor to turn back, for I have looked well about me . 
before I would speak to you, because I would speak with 
certainty. Steel caps and shining armour and arms glanced . 
every now and then through the boughs of the trees as we 
passed, to the right of us. And from something that I see 
glittering at this moment yonder, under the trees in the 
direction we are going, I am certain there are men concealed 
in that quarter also. What shall we do? " 

** I know not," said the Countess, giving herself up for 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OF TIVERTON. 89 

lost, '** I know not; we stall surely be taken or killed by 
some of the followers of tKat wicked Baron la Zouch* 
Where can we turn for safety?" 

. Katherine looked for a few minutes greatly distiessed; 
l)ut all at once, as if a sudden thought struck her, she 
stopped; her countenance brightened up; and still holding 
the rein in her left hand, she passed the other under her 
doaky and exclaiming, " I remember now, we are safe," 
immediately dfew forth the little ivory hand that had been 
presented to her by the Princess Pickett. With perfect 
calmness she held it up, and shewed it to the Countess. 

Instantly on doing so, the fore-finger of the delicately 
carved little hand moved, and pointed to an obscure path 
(scarcely visible to a casual observer) that led under some 
large overhanging oaks, to an unfrequented part of the 
forest. The Countess, who at once saw and understood the 
sign, bowed her head in token of assent to it; and turning 
her pony in the direction to which the hand pointed, the 
creature set off with a speed that was astonishing; and yet 
so easy was the motion, that the Countess seemed to ride on 
the winds rather than on the earth. Katherine followed in 
Hke manner. So little known was this path, that the ladies 
who had ridden in that forest for many years had never 
l)efore seen it. 

They came at length to a very pretty spot; and there 
the ponies stopped of their own accord. The woods still 
continued thick above their heads with crossing boughs; 
some broken rocks lay immediately before them, over which 
dashed with a pleasing sound a cool and sparkling fall of 



90 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

water, not lofty but very beautifuL A small hermitage 
stood near the rocks, low-built, of wood, and covered with 
a thatch composed of green boughs. On a moss-grown 
stone, near the entrance, sat an aged man in a grey gown. 
His beard hung down upon his breast; his years, his dress, 
his beard altogether looked venerable. Yet on a near ap- 
proach, there was something in his countenance which, 
seemed to speak a man whose character had not always 
been that of an humble and meek recluse. Th^re were strong 
lines about the brows, which were naturally knit, and pre* 
sented no very pleasing expression; whilst the mouth 
retained the U'aces of passions once strong, and even now 
not wholly subdued. Still he was old,. and the Countesa^ 
felt, as all good people do, the highest respect for age; and 
as the hermit rose to receive her and help her off the pony 
she begged his blessing. 

The Countess told him her story frankly, not fearing to 
trust so holy a man with the knowledge of the truth. He 
heard her with attention, invited both the ladies into his; 
cell, and offered them his brown loaf and a cup of wator. 
from the spring, such being all the refreshment he had to 
lay before them. He then counselled them how to pro- 
ceed ; advised to wait in his cell till such time as the moon 
should be risen, when he would conduct them back to the^ 
castle by a path through the wood, known to so few that 
he considered there could be no danger in following it.. 
As soon as they reached the outskirts, he would go forward 
and give notice to the castle of the approach of its lady; 
and a gu^ of her own people might then come forth and 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OF TIVERTON. 91 

conduct her in safety througli the more known and fre- 
quented part of the way. The Countess would have in- 
stantly consented, but Eatherine gave her a look, which 
she at once understood. The young lady then, without 
saying a word to the hermit, consulted again the ivory 
hand, and, finding it pointed to where he proposed to go, 
she felt satisfied. All was soon arranged ; and it was 
agreed to adopt the plan without fear, as soon as the moon 
ahould be risen. It succeeded as well as it could be wished; 
and so the Countess was saved that night from danger. 

But it soon appeared that the malice of her cruel enemy 
was not less than his covetousness ; and that he was deter- 
mined never to let the poor lady rest till he had gained 
possession of her castle. His leaving the neighbourhood 
was only a pretence, to put her off her guard ; and it suc- 
ceeded but too well. Her cousin. Sir William Courtenay, 
a very brave knight, who had helped to defend her most 
valiantly during the siege, in consequence of believing 
that La Zouch was now far off, had retired, with his fol- 
lowers, to a castle of his own near Tregony, in Cornwall. 

No sooner was this known, than the Baron La Zouch, 
with three times as many men as he before brought against 
it, marched suddenly upon Tiverton, surprised the guard 
of the outer works, and, before the draw-bridge could be 
raised, he and his soldiers passed over; and though the 
men-at-arms did their best to defend the castle, after a very 
diort contest, it was compelled to peld, and the Countess 
and her seven fair daughters, and all who were in it, were 
completely at his mercy. 



92 -A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

Immediately on becoming master of the place, tHe Baron 
busied Himself with securing his prize ; and that night was 
content to set men to watch ; so that neither the Countess, 
nor any one of the seven, could go forth from their 
chamber. He sent a message, that he would see her some 
time on the following day. 

To describe the state of her distress .would be impossible. 
She wrung her hands, she tore her hair, she paced her 
apartment in a state almost bordering on distraction, to 
find herself, and all she most loved on earth, prisoners to 
so cruel a foe. She turned to the weeping sisters, not so 
much to ask their advice, as to express the dreadful fears 
she entertained on their account, lest, in his fury, the 
Baron should put them to death, as. he was said to be very 
malignant and revengeful. 

As the Countess thus poured out her griefs to them, she 
said, **I care not for myself, I could bear my fate with, 
patience. But when I think of you, my children, for such 
you are to me,, I wish' the most impossible things on your 
account, so that I could but see you safe. I wish that you. 
had wings, like the birds in the air, to fly away from these 
towers, and seek shelter afar off in some place of security .** 

" Wings, to fly like the birds T* exclaimed Mabel. "0" 
dearest madam, there is one bird in my keeping, whose 
wings may serve us so well as to do all you wish. The bird, 
the bird in the golden-wired cage I Who among us has for- 
gotten the words of that grand lady, the Princess Picket? — 

* This bird, I give, will bear a letter 
Wherever bid— can bird <io better T 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OP TIVERTON. 93 

"Dear madam, let me venture to be counsellor on this occa- 
sion — it is one of great danger, and we must do our best 
to combat it. Do you instantly write a letter to your 
gallant cousin, Sir William Courtenay, Tell him all that 
has happened, and how you are situated ; and beg him to 
.lose no time in coming himself, with his brave men-at-arms, 
to your relief. I will venture to say, that he will soon 
drive this usurping tyrant out of your castle." 

The Countess of Devon thought the advice of Mabel so 
-good that she lost not a moment in acting upon it. She 
wrote the letter: the pretty bird was taken from its cage; 
and with a silken string, she tied the paper round its glossy 
neck. The window was then opened; and the Countess and 
all her fair train of daughters, crowded around it to see the 
feathered messenger set off on his errand. Mabel pro- 
nounced these words, as she let fly her little favorite: — 

"Fly, pretty bird, and through the air 
To Courtenay swift my letter bear." 

The bird with a cheerfiil note, as if in assent to her desire^ 
outstretched its wings, and in another instant commenced 
his flight towards the county of Cornwall. But though he 
was gonei the anxiety of the Countess had not flown away 
with him. She remembered however swiftly the bird 
might fly, it was far to Tregony, and that Sir William 
Courtenay and his men could not come so fast to her relief, 
las the letter could speed to him to ask it; and what might 
happen in the interval, she feared even to think upon* 
' Greatly v^ere those fears increased, when on the next 
evening, the Baron La Zouch entered her chamber, where 



94 A PEEP AT THE PIXIEQ, 

she was sitting surrounded by her seven fair daughters now 
in tears and drooping like the lilies when the drops of dew 
are on their heads. The Baron appeared calm and stately, 
which rather surprised his prisoners. He shewed some 
courtesy in his manner towards the Countess, and begged 
her to favour him by hearing patiently what he had to say. 
He then drew from under his cloak a piece of written 
parchment. The Countess, who wished not to irritate a 
man in whose power she was so completely placed, sup- 
pressed her emotions, and as patiently as she could prepared 
to listen to him. He thus proceeded :— 

" You must be aware, Countess of Devon, that you and 
these fair gentlewomen, and all in this castle, are so entirely 
in my power, that, with a word, I could consign both you 
and them to the lowest dungeon, or, even worse, to instant 
death." 

** I need not to be reminded/^ replied the Countess with 
dignity, ** that I am the conquered, and you the conqueror. 
But it more becomes you as a man, as a knight, as a gentle- 
man, to shew mercy to me and mine, than it becomes me 
to ask it." 

** True, haughty lady,'' he said, " but mercy is usually 
asked before it is granted. However, that you may see nay 
disposition towards you is generous, I, who could enforce 
obedience, come to propose terms; and though only such 
as are just to myself, yet are they full of mercy to you 
and yours. 

The Countess cheered up a little at hearing this. With 
what feelings then of indignation did she listen to wha( 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OF TIVERTON. 95 

followed! To terms the most hard and unjust, and (no 
longer treated with courtesy) to which she was rather com- 
manded than solicited to accede, in these words, ** Sign 
this," as the Baron La Zouch spread the written parchment 
before her on the table, placed the ink-horn by its side, 
seized with his rough and gauntleted hand her slender 
fingers, and put into them a pen, and with his rude grasp 
endeavoured to make her write her name. But she stoutly 
resisted, saying, " What is it you would have me sign?*' 

*^ The resignation of this castle and its dependencies to 
me, the rightful owner; a reagnation for ever; am I not 
now its master?" 

** I will never sign it," said the Countess. ** I will never 
do my son, now absent, so great a wrong, though by his 
own generous act, he has made the castle mine. He gave 
it, and to him^ as its rightful lord, shall it return at my 
death. I will not sign the paper." 

" You refuse to do so then?" said the Baron. 

'* I do and firmly," replied the Countess. 

Your fate then is sealed/' exclaimed La Zouch. ** You 
have deep dungeons in this castle. Madam, they will tell 
no tales, let what will be acted in them. Many a death-groan 
have they heard, but may be not the last. Obdurate woman, 
I will myself see you safely lodged, where your body, like 
your pride, may find itself brought low before the morning. 

With the utmost fury he sprang upon the Countess, as 
a wild animal springs upon its helpless prey. With his 
iron grasp he held both her wrists in his hands, and com- 
menced dragging her across the room towards the door, as 



96 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES^ 

the sisters vainly endeavoured by their prayers arid tears to 
intercede for their benefactress. 

At that moment sounds of the sweetest music came from 
a remote part of the large chamber, with such a gush of 
sweetness, that the Baron stopped, and seemed as if sud* 
denly fixed like a statue to the spot where he stood* He 
still held the Countess by her hands; she was on her knees 
before him; his body was bent in th^ act of drawing her 
along the floor after him. So he remained, but there was 
no more violence. Gradually, as sound succeeded sound, as 
note after note dropped on his ear, now high and piercings 
but still sweet, like those of the lark as she ascends in the 
morning air above the clouds, or as a volume of harmony 
roUqd through the apartment, he relaxed his hold. Though 
the Countess was free from his grasp, his hands continued 
in a position as if he still held her. Now was he red ; now 
pale. Then would he tremble as if every nerve vibrated to 
the ** concord of sweet sounds." Scarcely did he draw his 
breath, for fear of breaking the spell by which his soul 
was so entranced. At length his. head drooped; a faintness 
seemed to overpower him, he staggered and fell upon a 
couch that stood near.' 

On seeing this, Mabel approached and whispered in the 
ear of her sister — *' Drink, drink^ give him drink; and 
with it give the sleeping potion. He will then slumber 
for one whole hour. Lose no time; for, sister, sister, t 
hear the approach of horsemen* Look out t See who 



comes.'* 



I see them! I see them 1" exclaimed Margaret, as shie 



THE SEVEN CKOSSES OP TIVEHTON. 97 

ruslied to the window, " A noble troop of horsemen; 
their banner is that of Courtenay. See how he leads them 
on! But they are but a small band; they can never 
gain this castle by force of arras, and we are lost !" 

** Not so," said Mabel softly. *' See, he is still under 
the spell of Ursula's lute. She still touches its chords, and 
he is a very child. Give him the drink, and all is safe." 

Without the loss of another moment, Margaret who had 
the potion given her by the Princess Pickett, flew to a 
beaufet that was in the room, poured out a cup of wine, 
and mingled with it the sleeping potion. The Baron, faint 
from the power of the music, which had so completely over- 
whelmed his soul, took the cup from her hand, and at 
once drank off the contents. In a few minutes the force 
of the drug became evident; he was fast locked in the arms 
of sleep. 

** This will last but one hour," said the Countess. "What 
must now be done? All the doors are locked upon us; we 
are still but as caged birds." 

" But here is that which shall give us liberty," said sister 
Alice. " The key ! the key I 

" Through every door this little key 
Will give escape or entrance free. 

** But we must wait till the watch is withdrawn from 
near the postern gate, for that is the only way we may 
escape unobserved." 

" You are right," said the Countess. " And the subter- 
raneous passage, which runs under the moat. Is wholly 
unknown to the Baron or his men. That passage is entered 

H 



98 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

by a secret door, wLIcli covers the steps by wbicb you 
descend to it, near the postern. I know well the way and 
the secret. My son taught it to me when he made me 
mistress of this castle. I know all, and I will be your 
guide. We must take a lamp with us, for no light can 
enter that subterranean vault. See how the moon rises 
over the hills, and tips with her silver beams the tops of the 
forest trees. In half an hour all the castle will be still, and 
then for our escape." 

Nothing impeded it. The key which the Princess Pickett 
had given to the sister, with the power to open all locks, 
gave the Countess and her seven adopfed children a free 
access to every gallery and winding stair to the walls of 
the postern, without let or danger. And in like manner 
they entered and passed the subterranean passage without 
risk. But as they issued from it on the opposite side of the 
moat, the watch stationed on the battlements of the castle 
saw figures, which he could not very well distinguish; he 
knew not if they were men or women, for a cloud at. 
the instant passed over the moon and rendered every object 
dark or obscure; so, being as reckless as the Baron, his 
master, and not heeding who might be struck, he let fly an 
arrow at the persons he observed in the distance. 

The shaft, though aimed at random, struck the Countess 
in the bosom ; she gave a piercing shriek, and fell. The 
sisters flew to her aid. Isabel had not forgotten the virtue 
of what seemed, at the time it was presented, a poor and 
mean gift — the dried, and apparently withered, herbs. 
She immediately took the little parcel from under her 



THE SEVEN CROSSES OP TIVERTON. 99 

cloak, where she had purposely secured it on the previous 
night, ran and moistened a sprig in the waters of a spring 
that was near the spot, and, in another minute, applied it 
to the wound of the Countess, which she bound up with 
her scarf. That noble-minded lady no longer felt pain or 
weakness of any kind ; and, accompanied by her seven fair 
daughters, hastened to join Sir William Courtenay and his 
band. She at once put him in possession of the secret 
respecting the subterranean entrance into the castle, gave 
hinri the key that opened all locks^ bade him despatch, and 
lose not a moment in securing the means thus to surprise 
the castle, whilst 'the guilty Baron and his men were at 
rest. For herself, she intimated her intention to take 
shelter in a convent close at hand on the borders of the 
forest, the abbess of which was her particular friend, and 
she had been a bene&ctress to her and to the nims. All 
succeeded to her wish. She and the young ladies were 
soon housed for the night in safety, whilst Sir William 
Courtenay gathered around him his brave men-at-arms, 
and, in less than an hour, surprised the castle, and made 
prisoners of the bold Baron, and all his followers and 
wicked friends. 

The next day Sir William went to the convent, to 
bring back the Countess and her adopted children once 
more in peace to her own home. Whilst on their road, 
near the outskirts of the forest, they saw a goodly company 
approaching to meet them. First appeared a car, drawn 
by four milk-white horses, and well attended by ladies, 
knights, esquires, and pages ; but all of very small stature, 

20096B 



100 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES, 

except one individual, an elderly female, of tlie usual height 
of ordinary mortals; and an elderly man, still taller, walked 
by her side. 

The Countess soon perceived that the bright and jewelled 
lady, seated in the car, was no other than her old acquaint- 
ance, the Princess Pickett. She and all her train stopped 
at the very spot where, so many years before, the seven 
children had been found in the basket by the Countess of 
Devon, and saved by her, with the assistance of her blood- 
hound, from a watery grave; the noble animal, though 
grown very old, now again sprang to her side; for he 
never forsook his mistress. 

The car stopped. The Princess, sparkling and glittering 
with splendour, rose from hefr seat, and thus addressed the 
seven sisters, who came forward to give her a thankful 
greeting for the precious gifts she had bestowed on them at 
their last meeting : — 

" Ye Seven, who thus have done your duty, 
Ye shall have wisdom, wealth, and beauty. 
And, to increase your joy the more, 
I your own mother here restore; 
And, in this aged hermit, find 
Your Father, penitent and kind." 

So saying, the Pixy Princess, with great delight, led 
forward, in the one hand, Bridget, and, in the other, 
Randolph Eowle, who was no other than the aged hermit 
the Countess had seen in the forest on a former occasion, 
when he had served her so well. That Randolph, once so 
wicked, but now so penitent, had, for many years past. 



THE SEVEN CEOSSES OP TIVERTON. 101 

been the sorrowing recluse of those woods, where he 
had sought to hide his guilt and his shame from all the 
world. 

The seven daughters now gathered round their long lost 
mother, kissed and embraced her in the fondest manner; 
and fcUing on their knees before their father, begged his 
blessing with some treraour of the nerves. The Pixy then 
remounted her car, waved her hand in token of farewell, 
^nd, followed by her train, in a moment disapp^red. She 
seemed to be enveloped in a mist that suddenly surrounded 
the spot where she bade the last adieu. 

The father of the seven children withdrew again to his 
hermitage, there to end his days. The Countess of Devon, 
much affected by their re-union with their mother, rejoiced 
to think that she had been the means of preserving their 
lives so many years before. 

In memory, therefore, of that event she gave a large 
yearly donation to the poor; and with true thankfulness 
caused Seven Crosses to be erected on the spot, where the 
seven babes had been saved from a cruel death. About a 
hundred years ago, they were still to be seen to the admira* 
tion of all travellers, as they listened to this wonderful tale. 
But I know not if now there could be found even one 
remaining of the 

Seven Cbosses op Tivebton. 



FONTINA; 

OK, THE pixies' BATH. 
Part L 
DUEING the latter part of the turbulent reign of John, 
king of England, Sir Roger de Stevenson became the 
guardian, appointed by that sovereign, of the young Henry 
de Bath, the orphan heir of the honourable house of 
Bathon, OjiBath; whose principal residence, at that time, 
was Bath Hall, in the parish of North Tawton, Devonshire. 
On the estate, and within sight of the mansion, was a large 
circular pool, not very deep, but of such exceedingly pure 
water, issuing from some spring in the earth, that it was 
considered to possess a coolness, freshness, and an invigo- 
rating quality unequalled even in that county where rocky 
rivers, streams, and wells of every description are found in 
such abundance. It was said to be favoured and protected 
by the Pixies ; who, according to tradition and the current 
opinion, delighted to sport on its margin, to sail on its tiny 
waves by moonlight (for Pixies are great lovers of moon- 
shine), and above all to make it their bath. 

Whether Pixies delighted in it or not, the poor certainly 
did so; and when the labourers were toiling in the fields 
during the harvest either for hay or com, and got heated 
under a scorching sun, they would gladly come and slake 
their thirst at the Pixies' bath. The old, the feeble, or the 
very poor, who lived principally, if not entirely, by begging 
an alms at the doors of the monasteries, and of the rich, 
would hasten on their way, when within a mile of the spot, 



PONTINA; OR, THE PIXIES* BATH. 103 

to drink of these cool waters; and to beg a morsel or a 
small piece of money at the door of the noble family who 
dwelt hard by. In order to accommodate these poor people 
an iron cup, secured by a chain, had been fixed to a stone 
seat on the margin of the bath; and this little act of charity 
had often brought a blessing from the lips of the weary 
and the traveller, on the kind hand that had bestowed it, 
as they drew a refreshing draught from the spring. 

During the minority of Henry de Bath, his guardian 
lived with him. Sir Roger de Stevenson was proud, 
covetous, churlish. He liked not to have his purse drawn 
upon, nor his pride and grandeur disturbed by the solicita- 
tions or the presence of the lame, the old and the ragged. 
With great cruelty, therefore, did he order the iron cup to 
be removed, thinking by so doing to hinder poor folk from 
obtaining water from the pool. But, strange to say, though 
this was twice done, the cup was found, each time, restored 
to its former place the next morning. Sir Roger was very 
angry, and though the servants, one and all, protested that 
they had nothing to do with it, yet he would insist it was 
their act and deed in opposition to his will. Accordingly 
he employed one or two of his own sturdy followers to 
remove the cup, and took it into his own possession, locked 
it up in his strong oak chest, and put the key in his pocket. 

But what was his surprise, when on the next morning 
he found not the cup, but his own iron basinet (a cap worn 
under a helmet) chained to the stone, and saw a ragged 
leper very quietly using it to help himself with water from 
the pool ! Sir Roger now raged indeed ! His own basinet 



104 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES, 

made the drinking cup of a filthy, beggarly, worthless lepeif 
(as he called the poor diseased man, who was taking a 
draught to slake his thirst), it was past bearing ! He im- 
mediately called his hounds about him, went to the pool 
himself, hissed and clapped his hands, set the dogg upon 
the suflfering wretch, and drove him dreadfully frightened 
off the premises. The basinet was removed, and scrubbed 
and scoured and cleaned, as if it had been touched by a man 
who had the plague as well as the leprosy. This time 
neither the cup nor the cap were again found at the side 
of the bath. 

But though the affair of the dogs was much talked of, 
it did not keep away the people from the grounds of young 
Henry, or fi-om the seeing and the hearing of his proud 
guardian. Sir Koger de Stevenson. Still would the la- 
bourer and the poor come to drink water out of the palms 
of their own hands for the want of the cup. Still would 
the children of the village follow their sports on the margin 
of the pool; still they delighted to swim in it their little 
play-thing boats; to throw the daisies they had plucked 
from the meadows upon its surface, and to see which way 
they would float. Still, so said the country gossips over 
their evening fires, as they roasted crab apples for their jugs 
of hot and spiced ale, still were seen little creatures, scarcely 
six inches high (dressed in coats and cloaks that glittered 
and sparkled in the moonbeams), skimming like swallows 
over the surface of the pool; and this might be seen of a 
summer, or even of a winter's night. And whilst they so 
sported, these little creatures were singing so sweetly, that 



FONTJNA; OB, THE PIXIES* BATH. 105 

the gossips who told the tale protested, that never in all 
their lives had they heard anything like it; never, neither 
vvhen the minstrels played in the hall at Christmas, nor 
when they went to church, and there heard the country 
singers, on festival days, helped by the pitchpipe. 

Some of the young girls who listened to all this, said, 
that when going of a morning to milk the cows, or to look 
for the poultry, they had often found floating on the pool, 
quantities of roses and rose-buds, and lilies, and that beauti* 
ful little flower called EyeJrright, which everybody in 
Devonshire knew the Pixies were particularly fond of. 
And therefore it was to be inferred those little beings must 
have been there on the previous night; for who else would 
take the trouble to dress up a pool of water alter that 
fashion. 

But Sir Eoger, who was one of those men who are so 
morose ajtid moody, that they are neither happy themselves, 
nor like to see anything approaching to harmless mirth in 
others, took all this in a very ill-humour. He did not see 
why either men, women children, or Pixies, should have 
any enjoyment contrary to his wishes. He determined, 
therefore, to take such a course with the Pixies' bath, as 
none but a man so bold and having so much power would 
have dared to think of doing, he would have the bath de-- 
stroyed altogether. In vain did his young ward pray that 
it might be spared, as the people on his estate and all the 
neighbourhood had so long been accustomed to see it, to 
drink of it, and to admire its reputed wonders, that the 
destruction of it would be very ill taken the country round. 



106 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

-In vain did Sir Malpas, the good humoured and jovial 
parson of the parish, plead for it. Indeed it was said he 
loved it so well, that after he had made very free with the 
stout brown ale, at the hall, he always washed his face in, 
and took a refreshing draught from the pool, before he went 
to his own home, or ventured to scold his clerk, for taking 
a cup too much at the buttery hatch. The old nurses 
who had been accustomed to wash babies* faces in it, if they 
were girls, in order to make them grow up very fair, 
pleaded hard to have it left for their use. And the young 
women, so washed when babies, who on Midsummer eve, 
after performing certain rights and spells on the margin of 
the pool, looked with fear and awe upon its dark surface, 
in the hope to see reflected in it the faces of their future 
husbands, they also begged very hard to have it spared. 

But it was all in vain, Sir Roger was decided; the pool 
should be destroyed. It was said that the execution of his 
purpose was hastened by the following circumstance : — 
Returning one night to the hall when it was quite dark, as 
he passed near the water, he heard himself called after in 
the most contemptuous manner. These calls were accom- 
panied by the strangest sounds, and a hissing and a clapping 
of hands, even as he had hissed and clapped his hands to 
set the dogs on the poor leper. And when he shouted 
and asked who was it so threatened him, the most '\dolent 
peals of laughter seemed to issue from the pool, as if to 
deride him and his wrath. He was very angry, went 
instantly to the hall, procured lighted torches, and with 
about a dozen stout fellows at his heels, proceeded to survey 



FONTINA; OE, THE PIXIES* ^BATH. 107 

ihe pool and the grounds about it, but could see no one 
and hear nothing; all was dark, silent, and deserted. 

The very next day he set to work, and in good eamesi 
began the destruction of the Pixies' bath. But, for a time, 
never was there such a labour undertaken in vain. The 
inen worked and toiled and worked again and again, and 
day after day, and all to no purpose; for the pool, emptied 
by night, was always found full in the morning. But not 
even this, nor the shaking of heads, nor the turning up of 
hands and eyes in wonder, nor the threats of the old women 
and the young ones, too, that Sir Roger would bring evil 
on himself and all who belonged to him, if he persisted, 
<50uld make him change his obstinate determination. 

" When a pig goes the way his-driver would have him,** 
said Mabel, the good woman who had nursed Henry de 
Bath, **my dear young master's guardian will change his 
will, to go the right way instead of the wrong, but not till 
then. Sir Roger will be hard over our young master, John 
Butler, I fear, by and bye, when he comes old enough to 
like to have his own ways; and Fm sure they wont be 
those of his guardian. And I should not wonder if the 
Pixies dont some day drown him in their bath that he is so 
bold as to disturb ; for, take my word for it, John Butler, 
Sir Roger will never be able to destroy it." 

John the Butler agreed to the same, and said it would 
be a mighty pity if he could, for the water from the bath 
made the best ale, when put to the malt and hops, in the 
whole county. 

At last, after trying a variety of ways to succeed in this 



108 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

determination, Sir Roger was obliged to form an under* 
ground channel, and to carry the water that rose from the 
spring in another direction, so as to fall into a ditch that 
ran by the side of the public road. This method proved 
effectual, and nothing remained near the hall but a great, 
ugly, irregular pit, with a deep hollow in the middle. It 
was said, that the night before the waters were turned into 
the channel thus made to drain them, the most dismal cries, 
shrieks, and groans were heard from the bath. Everybody 
now fell to abusing Sir Roger (behind his back) for what 
he had done, and even he thought the pit thus left looked 
very unsightly; so that he determined to have it filled up. 

Again the men went reluctantly to their painful toil; but 
so many mischances occurred while they were about it, that 
nothing for misfortune could be like it in all the world* 
One man broke his leg, another his arm. Every day, several 
tumbled head over heels into the deep hollow in the middle, 
and hurt themselves very much in the fall. One got a 
broken head, another a broken nose; and although working 
in a place so lately filled with water, the fleas swarmed in 
such abundance, that the men tore their very skin from their 
bones with scratching. At length, driven to despair by 
such a continuation of disasters and vexations, the poor 
fellows, one and all, begged Sir Roger not to put his faithfiil 
followers to such a task; it evidently exposed them to the 
terrible wrath of the Pixies, Had those little people been 
pleased to send a band of men to keep the workmen off the 
pit, they would not have cared for it; they would have 
fought man to man; but there was no fighting with Pixies; 



FONTINA; OR THE PIXIES' BATH. 109 

the only way was to leave them alone and let them Lave 
their own way. Sir Koger, finding that his men could 
really work no more, made a virtue of necessity, and pre- 
tended to yield his own will to oblige them. And so the 
pit was abandoned; it remained, as every body said, as 
ugly an old hole as could well be seen, and a disgrace to be- 
near the mansion of such a noble and ancient family as that 
of De Bath. 

. Unsightly and ugly indeed was the pit; but that was not 
the worst part of it; soon was it proved to have a terrible 
power of predicting evil to every member, however near or 
remote, of the family of De Bath. 

The first instance occurred during the month of August, 
and in so dry a summer, that rivers, and even wells, were, 
in many places, without water. One evening the pit was 
observed by the household to be so dry that the earth at 
the sides and at the bottom was full of great cracks, three 
or four inches asunder. The next morning it was seen^ 
not only filled with water, but over-flowing at the brim, so as 
to be very inconvenient to those who passed near it on foot. 

Everybody was now startled, and feared something terri- 
ble was about to happen to Henry de Bath, or to the 
household. Should the ill luck fall on Sir Roger, in that 
case the bath would have over-flowed with joy to them all ; 
for none liked, and all feared him. Even the young master 
of the Hall began to feel uncomfortable under the arbitrary ' 
rule of his guardian. He would have the power to free 
himself from his control, as soon as he came of age. But 
Sir Eoger wished not to be called too strictly to account 



110 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

for what he had done with the property during the mino- 
rity, so it kept him a little in check towards his ward ; he 
was less tyrannical with him than with any one else ; but 
still he was bad enough. The swollen bath now attracted 
the notice of all the neighbourhood. Many came miles to 
see the wonder ; and most went away shaking their heads, 
and fearing some great calamity. 

At length, one afternoon, several men-at-arms were seen 
riding slowly up the avenue of old trees, towards the hall. 
They were covered with dust, their armour was dim, their 
surcoats soiled, they wore no visors, whilst their care-worn 
and sun-burnt faces told of foreign toil. They bore with 
them a torn banner, and a noble led war-horse, carrying on 
his back a helmet, a shield, and part of a broken lance. 
All this seemed to proclaim tidings of disaster. The leader 
of this little band of dispirited men stopped before the gate- 
house, and asked to see the youthfiil master of the house- 
hold. 

Henry received him and his party in the great hall of 
the mansion ; his guardian was by his side. *' What is 
this?" said the youth; " surely, or I am much mistaken, 
the device of yonder torn banner — a cross, surmounting a 
crescent — surely it is the banner of my fair cousin. Sir 
Gilbert de Bath. He who, though not twenty years old, 
went with so gallant, so free a spirit, to take part in that 
crusade set on foot by the Emperor Frederick. Say, do I 
remember truly ?" 

" Truly," replied the stranger ; " and, now, most sadly — ** ' 

" Sadly I not so, I hope," said Henry, interrupting him. . 



PONTINA; OR THE PIXIES* BATH. Ill 

" How fares my cousin Gilbert ? But you are silent. I 
fear the worst ; a prisoner, may be, in Palestine. gladly 
will I pay his ransom, so that the turbaned infidel will but 
take the gold. Sir Koger, I must have gold ; aye, gold in 
plenty, to pay my dear cousin's ransom, and to give him 
back to liberty and to his coimtiy. My life for it, he 
fought bravely." 

'* He did, indeed," replied the stranger ; " he fought 
bravely, and fell bravely. I was his esquire of the body. 
He loved you well, Henry de Bath. He thought of you in 
his dying moments. As he lay outstretched and bleeding 
on the burning sands before the walls of Jerusalem, which 
thrice he had attempted to mount in vain, he made me 
promise, that I would fulfil his wishes. That I woidd 
bring to you, with this torn, but still honourable banner, the 
tidings of his death ; of his having met it with his face to 
the foe ; and that, with his last breath, he sent you the 
assurance of his imdying affection. I now fulfil this melan- 
choly duty ; here is his banner, here his shield and his 
broken lance. His noble war-horse stands at your door ; 
but there is no spirit in him. He is no longer fit to bear a 
gallant knight ; for he no longer raises his head, or chafes 
at the sound of the trumpet." 

Young as he was, Henry de Bath was, nevertheless, 
deeply affected at this melancholy recital. He kindly and 
courteously entertained the faithful esquire and his little 
band. The banner, the shield^ and the broken lance^ he 
desired might be hung up in the neighbouring church ; 
and, before he retired to rest, he sent a purse of gold to the 



112 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

next monastery, and directed one hundred masses to be sung 
for the repose of his cousin's soul. He then retired, un- 
attended, to his own chamber, and gave himself up to that 
strong and imrestrained expression of his grief, in which he 
would not indulge before his people. 

In the morning he rose early ; but, early as it was, many 
of his household were stirring before him. They seemed 
to be in some commotion. Several were in the court-yard, 
talking to each other with grave looks and eager expres- 
sions; whilst heads were turned, and fingers pointed, 
towards the spot where, for many weeks, and even so lately 
as on the preceding evening, the Pixies' Bath had over- 
flowed in so strange and mysterious a manner. There was 
now no water to be seen in it; and the unsightly pit, 
perfectly dry, with its deep hollow in the centre, and all 
the cracks and fissures at its sides, remained just as it was 
before a drop of water had risen to cover it. 

It may well be supposed what a sensation this must have 
occasioned in the household at the Hall. All now under- 
stood what had been the object of the melancholy and fatal 
rign. The waters had overflowed like the sorrow of the 
survivors; their rising had foretold the death of Sir Gilbert* 
No sooner was that sad event announced to his nearest 
kinsman, than the waters were buried again in the earth, 
even like him whose Ml they had foretold. Two or three 
months after, the same thing was repeated on the death of 
an old abbess, of the family of De Bath, who for many 
years had been the lady superior of a convent of nuns, at 
Lanheme, in Cornwall. 



rONTINA; OE, THE PIXIES' BATH. 113 

Five years more, saw young Henry of age, and free from 
the rule of his guardian. Before that time arrived (as he 
was more given to learning than to fighting) he had gone 
to London and turned his attention to the study of the law, 
which he followed with zeal and ability. Whilst he was 
so engaged, King John died, and Henry III. succeeded to 
the throne. Here, then, for a while we must pause. The 
next chapter will treat of very different events to which all 
the foregoing were but as the prelude. 



Part II. 

The youthful Henry, as it became the head of a family so 
ancient as that of De Bath, on coming of age visited the 
court of Henry III., and shortly after received the honour 
of knighthood from the king's own hand. He speedily rose 
into favour; for he was of a tall stature, a fine open counte- 
nance, courteous in his manners, and of a noble and 
generous disposition. 

This worthy and accomplished gentleman rose into such 
esteem with his sovereign, that, in a few years, after many 
distinguished offices had been conferred upon him. King 
Henry made him one o£his justices itinerant ^ or judges who 
travelled to the large country towns, where criminals were 
tried for breaking the laws. His rise in the world had been, 
rapid, but well deserved ; and he now used the power he 
possessed, as an honest and a merciful man who had the fear 
of God constantly before his eyes. 



114 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES, 

But unmixed good is not the portion of ttis life. The 
more Sir Henry became loved and honoured, so much the 
more was he hated by his late and always unworthy 
guardian. Though free from his control, yet such was the 
humility of his disposition and his sense of the authority 
formerly vested in Sir Eoger, that he continued to treat him 
with all possible deference and respect. His house was still 
open to him whenever he pleased to make Bath Hall his 
home. How Sir Eoger could find it in his heart to hate so 
good a man as Sir Henry seems almost incomprehensible^ 
did we not know that bad men always hate good men, 
because the latter are as a reproof to them. Sir Eoger, 
though he tried hard for it, could never win the sovereign a 
favour as his ward had done; and he burnt with envy 
towards him, and determined to watch an opportunity to 
ruin him with the king. 

Now it so happened that a follower of Sir Roger, from 
whose assistance he hoped much to carry on his designs 
against Sir Henry, refused to do his master's bidding; he 
would not be made the tool to work mischief. Seeing this, De 
Stevenson, in order to punish and degrade this honest 
servant, who had been one of his own pages, sent him down 
to a farm he had in Devonshire, and made him keeper of 
his sheep. The young man bore his degradation patiently; 
but he had never been bred to a farming life; and not 
knowing how to fold the sheep at night so as to keep them 
safe, the wolves, that were then not uncommon near Dart- 
moor, did great injury; and every night a sheep or two was 
lost from the fold. This was just what Sir Eoger expected. 



pontina; or, the pixies' bath. 115 

He pretended, however, not to believe a word about the 
wolf, but threw poor Maurice into prison on* a double 
charge; first, that of being connected with a gang of robbers, 
who made their home in a thick forest in the north of 
Devon ; and secondly, accused him of supplying them with 
his master's sheep. False witnesses were bribed to support 
these unjust and wicked charges. 

Sir Henry de Bath was the judge appointed to the circuit 
which embraced the town where Maurice was left to be 
tried. Before setting out on his duty, he went to his own 
home in the country, and, whilst there, the wily and 
treacherous Sir Roger came to see him. Hearing on what 
business the judge was going, he wanted to tell him a 
false tale about the man who would be tried before him for 
eteaUng sheep, and supplying them to the robbers of the 
north of Devon. 

But Sir Henry only said in reply—** Did you ever ledm. 
Sir Roger, when a judge must be deaf, and when he must 
hear with both his ears every word that is said to him?" 

" No,'' answered Sir Roger; " a judge should never be 
deaf" 

" yes, but he must though," replied Sir Henry. ** He 
must be deaf when the matter that is to come before him is 
spoken of out of court. But in the court he must have both 
his ears open, the one for the accuser, and the other for the 
accused; and he must hear both with impartiality and 
attention. Say no more, therefore, about your man and 
the sheep-stealing, for I have my deaf ears on now." 

Si^ Roger was mightily vexed, but he could say no more^ 



116 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES, 

' " Well, Sir Henry," lie continued after a ))ause of a few 
minutes, " though you will not serve me in this matter, as 
I expected you would, yet I must serve you.*' 

" Say not so, Sir Roger," said Sir Henry; '* I will serve 
God and you too, for I will endeavour to do justice between 
you and your man, when the cause comes before me." 

*' Well, I am content," replied Sir Roger. " Now the 
thing in which I will serve you is this: the roads between 
here and the town of assize to which you are journeying 
are in very bad plight. You say that you set forward to- 
morrow; you will never reach the town ere nightfeU. I 
advise you, therefore, as there is no convenient inn nor 
place of rest on the way, to go to the castle which you will 
see towards the evening to the right of your road, and 
there pass the night. The owner will not deny hospitality 
to a gentleman of your rank, nor to your followers." 

" Who is the owner?" enquired Sir Henry. " I do not 
fenow him." 

" He is Simon de Dinant, that baron of Norman blood 
you have so often heard of in these parts." 

" Is he not disaflfected to the present king?' said Sir 
Henry. " A friend to the Earl of Leicester, who is stirring 
on the Commons so much against Henry?" 

" No," replied Sir Roger; " he has rather thrown the 
curb over Leicester, when, like an unruly st<5ed, he would 
go too much ahead. Simon, the bold Baron of Dinant, is 
a friend and not an enemy to the King." 

*' If so," said Sir Henry, " I will call at his castle gates^ 
and cmve the rights of hospitality, and a night's lodging 



pontina; or, the pixies' bath. 117 

for me and for my men. I thank you, Sir Roger, for giving 
me such good couseel how to proceed in these dreary ways 
and long journeys, for I am yet but new in this Western 
Circuit, and litde know where to house with comfort or 
safety on my road." 

Soon after they parted, and each went to rest. 

Early the next morning, whilst the Judge was preparing 
to set out, the nurse of his infancy and his childhood, old 
Mabel brought him a bowl of milk, to refresh him before 
he went down to breakfast in the great hall on beef and ale. 

She seemed to be very officious about him, and to linger 
longer than she needed in his chamber. But Mabel was a 
privileged person. At last she thus began: ** Has my Lord 
Judge looked out of the window this blessed morning?" 
. ** No, Mabel; I have been too busy. But what is there 
to be seen by looking out of the window, that you ask me 
the question?" 

** my Lord, a terrible sight! It breaks my old heart to 
see it, and think of it. The Pixies' bath, as people call it, is 
full again and overflowing; and you are this day going 
away from home. my Lord, what does that foretell?" 

" No harm, I hope, Mabel. I have no fears, at least 
none for myself." 

" but I have for you ! Remember, my Lord, how^ 
that terrible pool has twice before overflowed ; and what it 
came to tell ! And how, as soon as your near kinsman's death 
was known in this house, it went back again dry as it was 
before : but not so our eyes, nor our hearts ; for the one had 
plenty of water, and the other overflowed with sorrow for. 



118 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

poor Sir Gilbert's death, and remember bow before tbe de^ 
cease of my good lady Abbess, your honour's great aunt — " 

*' I remember it all," said the Judge, " yet I must go; 
my duty calls me away ; and I have no fears. 

" But I have for you. And 0,^' she continued, forget- 
ting that she was addressing the man and the Judge, in the 
remembrance of how tenderly she had nursed and loved 
him when a babe and a child, " and do not go from home 
to day, or something fearful may happen to my own dear 
boy, my poor little Henry." 

The Judge smiled. " Good old Mabel," he said, " go I 
must, for I cannot tarry here. But to quiet your appre- 
hensions, I promise you to be very careful of myself in all 
I do, and wherever I go. I hope that I depart on a good 
errand, with a wish to do right and act justly; and so I 
have no cause for alarm." 

" But 0, as you value your life, donH go with that Sir 
Koger," said the nursie, " he who behaved so bad to the 
Pixies. Depend upon it, they will take their revenge upon 
him one of these days, and not care for who is in his com- 
pany. Don't go with him !" 

" I am not going with him, Mabel." 

" Thank all the saints for that; but where are you going, 
my Lord?" 

** To hold the assize at Bodmin; and, to avoid the band 
of robbers who are so strong in the woods, and create so 
much terror in these parts towards nightfall, I am going to 
beg hospitality of the Baron de Dinant, and. hope this 
night to rest at his castle.'^ 



FONTINA, OR, THE PIXIBS' BATH. 119 

** The Baron de DinantT' exclaimed the old Nurse. 
" Don't go near him, my Lord; better to take the risk of 
the robbers in the open road, than to darken the gates of 
Simon de Dinant. People do tell such things of him. They 
do say he be leagued with worse than robbers — traitors to 
the king, and that no good comes to anybody who goes 
near him, and that your guardian is deep in all his plots 
and ways; do not go to him." 

** You are mistaken, Mabel, what you report is nothing 
more than idle country tales. My late gaurdian has too much 
respect for me to wish me to risk ray safety, or my character, 
by advising me to take shelter under the roof of a suspected 
Baron. There is nothing to fear in the course I am about 
this day to pursue. And again I tell you that I fear nothing." 

Mabel shook her head, looked grave, crossed herself, but 
seeing she could do no good by her advice, she told the 
judge that she would go and offer up, with her prayers, a 
candle for his safety, at the shrine of St. Ann in a neighbour- 
ing convent of nuns; and so she hoped it might help to pre- 
vent any ill from coming upon him from the rising of the 
waters at the Pixies' Bath. But her heart was very heavy, 
and she could not altogether overcome her fears. 

Sir Henry set off on his journey, and rested that night 
at the Baron de Dinant's; but so little was he pleased with 
his host, or with some things that dropped from him in 
conversation, expressing his dissatisfaction with the king 
and the government, that he determined to go away the 
next morning as early as he could, and not to trouble 
Simon de Dinant with his company on his way back. 



120 A ]^EEP AT THE PIXIES. 

The trial of Maurice, for aiding and abetting the robbers 
by stealing for them Sir Roger's sheep, came on before the 
court at Bodmin. Sir Henry with great patience heard the 
evidence on both sides, and having fully examined into the 
merits of the case, he summed up with perfect impartiality, . 
and being convinced of the innocence of the accused the 
man was acquitted. 

Sir Eoger de Stevenson, on finding what was the verdict, 
became greatly enraged, and more so when he learnt that 
from motives of charity Sir Henry had taken poor Maurice 
into his own service, in his original employment, as a page. 
Sir Roger's wrath knew no bounds. But he dissembled his 
real feelings, and appearing to be well satisfied, set off for 
London with a determination to lose no time in gratifying 
his revenge, and in working the ruin of Sir Henry de 
Bath. 

In private, therefore, he sought the king, and under a 
great show of love to his person and anxiety for his safety, 
pretended that he came, though with reluctance, to make 
known to him the treason he had detected in his former 
ward. Henry was startled at hearing such a charge against 
his favorite judge. But though naturally inclined to 
mercy, the king was of a weak disposition, and easily fell 
into the snare that had been so artfully laid for him. He 
gave credit to the most shameful falsehoods on the testimony 
of Sir Eoger and his followers in evil. 

The king, now completely the dupe of these cruel ar- 
tifices, determined that Sir Henry de Bath should suffer 
for his supposed disloyalty and ingratitude. He caused, 



FONTINA; OE, THE PIXIES* BATH. 121 

therefore, the unfortunate judge to be summoned before 
Parliament, to give answer to the charges of corruption 
and treason. 

Conscious of his innocence, Sir Henry boldly came for- 
ward; but believing himself to be assailed by some strong 
and secret enemy, who had suborned a set of low villains to 
appear against him, he came not alone. He was attended 
by a noble company of knights and gentlemen from the 
west of England, who had frankly offered their services 
and their lives in defence of his innocence. 

Seeing how strongly he was supported, and how fearlessly 
he entered the Parliament, none who were to judge his 
cause felt disposed to run the risk of finding him guilty for 
fear of the consequences to their lives, for in those times, 
scenes of violence often took place in that assembly. The 
king, who was present, finding how daunted were all the 
members, flew into a great rage, and cried out with a loud 
Voice, *' Whosoever shall kill Henry de Bath, shall be quit 
of his death, and I do hereby acquit him." Having said 
this he immediately retired. 

Thus encouraged, the followers of Sir Eoger de Stevenson 
would gladly have executed on the spot the terrible fate 
denounced against the unhappy man by the king. But 
fortunately Sir John Mansel, who was of the Privy Council, 
was present, and now interposed. Saying to these violent 
men, " Beware what you do. That which our sovereign 
hath in his wrath commanded, he will be very sorry for 
when his anger is overblown. And remember the friends 
of Sir Henry de Bath are powerful as brave. Any outrage 



122 A tEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

committed against his life, will be fiercely revenged upon 
his destroyers." 

This produced the desired effect; Sir Henry escaped the 
immediate danger, and was persuaded to go down to his 
house in the west, and there live privately till the wrath of 
his sovereign was appeased. 

All these particulars were speedily made known to Sir 
Roger de Stevenson. Greatly did he fear, that should Sii 
Henry obtain an interview with his royal master, when he 
was in a more temperate mood, to examine into the truth 
of the matter, there was every possibility that his own plots 
would be detected. He resolved therefore as the only way 
for safety to destroy Sir Henry before the king's anger could 
have time to cool; and especially before he could recall his 
words — that whoever might kill Henry de Bath, should be 
acquitted of his death, and that he did acquit him. De 
Stevenson consulted with his followers, and between them 
it was agreed to follow De Bath to the west of England, 
to seize him in his own dwelling, and to put him to death 
on the spot. These evil men bound themselves by an oath^ 
not to desert one the other, nor to betray each other in the 
execution of this dreadful design. 

In the interval. Sir Henry, who had been on the point of 
marriage with a sister of Sir Arthur Bassett, when he was 
so suddenly summoned to attend the Parliament, now 
resolved no longer to delay the celebration of his nuptials. 
On his return home, he found old Mabel in great joy; for 
the Pixies' Bath was again dry, the waters having retired 
into the earth on the very day (as it appeared) that Sir 



FONTINA; OB, THE PIXIES^ BATH. 123 

Henry had been preserved from the wrath of the king. She 
expressed the liveliest sense of thankfulness for his escape. 
Nor was she less delighted when she found that the wed- 
ding was to take place in a few days, as if nothing had 
happened. 

The morning of Sir Henry's marriage with the feir 
Margaret Basset, was bright and sunny. With much state, 
and attended by all the knights, esquires, and ladies of the 
neighbourhood, Sir Henry and Margaret, mounted on horses 
gaily caparisoned, proceeded to the church porch, where, in 
those days, the marriage ceremony was performed* Old 
and young greeted them as they passed along, and all the 
girls and children of the village ran before them, strewing 
flowers in their path, whilst, as they returned home, the 
bells struck up a merry peal to give them joy. 

A splendid banquet or dinner was to be served up to all the 
friends and followers of De Bath, in the hall of his ancient 
dwelling. His tenants, labourers, and the poor, were to be 
treated with an ox roasted whole in the park. Every heart 
was to have cause to rejoice in the marriage of the good Sir 
Henry, the friend of the rich, the benefactor of the poor. 
The harper, who made it a point to be present at every 
festival, was seated in the hall, ready to strike upon his 
harp an air of welcome, the moment the bridal company 
entered within the doors of the mansion on their return 
from the church. 

Mabel was busied bustling about, here, there, and every- 
where, seeing that all was set right and proper at the great, 
ong oak table, and scolding the maidens and the serving 



124 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES, 

men, if the slightest thing was neglected or forgotten^ 
John, the butler, was ready with his store of flagons of 
wine, ale, mead, metheglin, and hippocras, when there 
came a sudden cloud, over all the mirth and revelry and 
business of the household. 

" By the blessed Saint Bridget!" exclaimed old Mabel, 
wringing her hands as she looked out at the hall door, '' if 
the Pixies' Bath be not risen again, and see how it overflows ! 
Yes overflows, as the bride and bridegroom be coming 
down the avenue of old trees, and in full sight of it all. 
to think it should be so, and that on his wedding day ! 
my poor boy, my dear Henry, what will become of him ! 
To think that I should have nursed him in these arms; and 
he to live to see this ! to think that it is possible a burial 
may follow hard on the heels of a bridal in this old hall." 
And so she went on lamenting and bewailing ; and not a 
gentleman, not a lady, not a man, woman, or child of 
any degree there, on that day assembled, but shared in the 
old nurse^s fears. 

All the mirth of the company fled. Sir Henry alone 
bore himself bravely, indeed cheerfully, as he endeavoured 
to raise the drooping spirits of his young and lovely bride, 
and to reanimate his followers and guests. Yet it would 
not do ; every heart feared, all trembled for what was to 
come ; nor were their fears the less because they did not 
exactly know what to fear. The omen of evil was so 
marked, and at such a time, there was no mistaking it. 
But notwithstanding all these apprehensions, the dinner, 
wines, and ale were so excellent and all so plentiful, that the 



FONTINA; OR, THE PIXIES' BATH. 125 

company found they had not lost their appetites with . their 
joy ; and for persons in such a state of suspense and affic- 
tion, they all certainly played a very good part with the 
spoons, and platters; for knives and forks, in those days, 
were used only by the carver, and not by those for whom 
he carved. 

Cups went round the board, and the health of the bride 
and the bridegroom was drunk with a cheer, notwith- 
standing all fears ; and so potent was the ale, that some stout 
fellows, made very bold by it, offered to fight, if they could 
only see them, the Pixies themselves, or any of their friends 
and abettors ; and the old harper, towards nightfall, got his 
spirits so raised by a full and flowing cup of metheglin, 
which Mabel had served to him with her own hand, that he 
struck the chords of his harp to a joyous measure, as if in 
defiance of all evil omens. 

On hearing this, some of the young men present, led out 
many a pretty maiden to foot it to the stirring music in the 
hall, and dancing began right merrily; when, suddenly, a 
cry was heard from the Pixies' Bath. Scream followed 
scream in the most fearful manner. All were struck dumb 
with surprise at the hearing of these fearful shrieks so near 
them. The harp was hushed — the men and maidens stood 
motionless in the midst of the dance — the bride turned faint 
and pale — Sir Malpas put down the cup untasted that at the 
moment he was in the act of raising to his lips — Sir Henry 
looked surprised — the revelry ceased — all was so quiet that 
nothing but those cries of suffering could be heard in the 
• hall. 



126 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

No one spoke; when Mabel, who trembled in every joint, 
exclaimed with an energy that seemed more than natural 
for one of her years, " That is the scream of Fontina; she 
never screams but for one thing. Before midnight, death 
will be in this place ; and who shall say on whose head the 
stroke wiU fall!" 

'' Fontina, Fontina, who is Fontina?" whispered many 
voices in the hall. 

" The spirit of the pool,'* said Mabel; "the Pixy spirit, 
and a most fearful one." 

The screams continued — the consternation and alarm now 
became general. Some proposed one thing, some another. 
At length the young men, brave in numbers as in ale, 
agreed to go in a body with lighted torches and to examine 
around the bath. Could it be a trick played off by any one 
to cause fear on this occasion? The screams were certainly 
very terrible; and if it were a spirit, could not Sir Malpas, 
who was a parson, lay it quietly at the bottom of the pool 
or in the Bed Sea, so as no more to disturb the peace of the 
company. They then proceeded to the overflowing waters. 
All was still; not a creature was to be seen, nor a sound to 
be heard around the Pixies' Bath. 

Sir Malpas was now again appealed to; but he declared 
that he had not his books with him; nothing could be done 
without his Latin, and that he had left at home. Also, 
though ghosts and ordinary spirits, he knew very well, 
could be laid in the Bed Sea, yet he had his doubts if it 
were possible or lawful so to deal with Pixies. He, there- 
fore, very prudently deferred undertaking the work, till he 



FONTINA; OE, THE PIXIES' BATH. 127 

could obtain more information as to how best to proceed 
with it; and drank off his cup of mead which had been 
waiting for him; and to make up for lost time he took 
another. 

This occurrence so completely broke what little there was 
of mirth and merriment, that the company one and all 
dispersed. Every body seeming anxious to get away as fast 
as he could; in order, as he hoped, to be out of the reach 
of death or danger which Mabel had said those terrible 
screams of Fontina announced to be so near. 

All was soon hushed; the hall was left cheerless; half- 
emptied cups stood on the board; whilst wreaths of drooping 
flowers, and expiring lamps and torches, told a tale of broken 
mirth and a suddenly deserted banquet. The doors were 
fast locked, bolted, and barred, and the watch set for the 
night in the gate-house, which stood at a little distance 
fronting the hall door. But the watch had taken too much 
ale, and speedily slept on his post. 

Just before midnight, a trampling of horse was heard in 
the long avenue, by two or three stragglers who still lin- 
gered on the premises. These had been so much overcome 
by the fumes of stout drink, that they had sunk down upon 
the ground in their way home, after quitting the hall. 
They were, however, awake now and sober ; and not a little 
alarmed when (unseen themselves, as they lay shaded by 
the spreading branches of a large old beech tree) they 
observed several horsemen armed from head to foot, each 
bearing a naked sword, passing on at a gentle pace, as if 
careful to avoid giving any alarm. One of the sleepers 



128 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

awakened was an intelligent young fellow, a tenant of Sir 
Henry, and he now listened ynth. the most eager attention; 
as the leader of the armed band commanded his men to halt. 
All did so. In a brief and hurried manner, he then ad- 
dressed them in these words: — 

*' Let some of you lead your horses forward — statioa 
yourselves so as to surround the house. Let no one escape 
from it. Give death to any man who would pass on. We 
must, however, if we can, secure this traitor before he comes 
forth. I will to the hall door, and demand instant admis- 
sion to Sir Henry de Bath, on business of moment from the 
king. He will not refuse to see me. Do you, Sir John 
Fitzallen, and you, Simon de Dinant, stand close by mj 
side, so as to enter with me. I may need support — ^he may 
struggle — remember, despatch him on the spot — the king 
acquits the deed. Now forward, and this night shall yonder 
old mansion know me again for its master; as in those days 
when I destroyed the foolish Pixies' Bath, and swept away 
the beggars that drank from its waters." 

So spoke Sir Eoger de Stevenson, in the pride of his 
heart ; and once more did he place himself at the head of 
his band of ruffians, to lead them on to treachery and 
muider. But he had not proceeded ten paces, when sud* 
denly so thick a mist fell on him and his party^ and all 
around them, that neither trees, nor house, nor his fol- 
lowers, nor even his own horse's ears, could he distinguish. 
Nothing could exceed the confusion into which they were 
all thrown. To add to it, two or three entrance-paths to 
the woods were near the spot where this doud fell so 



rONTINA ; OR THE PIXIES* BATH. 129 

densely upon them ; and the animals, not bemg guided by 
the rein of their riders with any certainty (for the men 
pulled, now one way, and then another), took their own 
road, and carried them all into the thickest and most in- 
tricate parts of the forest, instead of following the track 
towards the house. 

Sir Eoger, by this strange chance left completely alone, 
was the only one among them whose intimate acquaintance 
with the place enabled him to keep the right road. Whilst 
he approached the Pixies' Bath, the most fearful shrieks 
issued from it. He was startled, but still moved on. The 
mist, if possible, increased ; and the screams that now arose 
from the pool had in them something of exultation ; it 
chilled and curdled the very blood to hear them. 

The young tenant who had heard Sir Eoger address his 
men, and who, in a moment, understood how great was 
the danger of his good master, in the hope to be able to 
save him, and to give the alarm at the Hall, followed close, 
but unsuspected, at the heels of the horse on which Sir 
Koger rode. Unfortunately, when drawing near the Pixies' 
Bath, he stumbled over a stone ; and, so great was the 
darkness, he could follow no further. Terrified, and not 
knowing what to do, or to fear, yet being full of fears, he 
sat down upon the large stone over which he had stumbled. 
At that moment he heard something splash into the water ; 
and a cry arose from it as if a hundred demons were 
rejoicing at the fall of a sinner. He heard no more, for 
lie fainted, and knew not how he came to, or by whom he 
was found, when, on the next morning, Mabel was standing 

K 



130 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

over him as lie lay on a bencli in the Hall. As «x>n as he 
was restored to his senses, and quite himself^ he asked for a 
cup of ale, to refresh him. 

" A cup of ale I" exclaimed Mabel; " this is no time 
nor place for carousing. For, look there I Look and see 
an awful sight, how wicked men meet their reward even in 
this world!" 

Well might old Mabel point with her hand in the direc- 
tion of the Pixies' Bath ; for there a fearfrd sight indeed 
was to be seen. There stood about it Sir Henrj, and hia 
young and beautifiil bride leaning on his arm, and gazing 
upon it with looks of wonder and of thankfulness. Nearly 
all the household, also, stood around looking on. The 
bath was now once more perfectly dry; the waters had 
retreated ; but not before they had consign©! to a terrible 
fete Sir Eoger de Stevenson* 

It was supposed that, in the darkness of the previous 
night, the horse he rode had carried him into the pool, 
mistaking it for the path by the side. It was of depth 
sufficient in the middle to drown them ; and there, in the 
very centre of that deep, and now dry, hollow pit, was 
seen, still mounted on his courser's back, Sir Soger de 
Stevenson — man and horse were both dead. The Pixies 
had, indedl, accomplished their revenge; but their bath 
never flowed again ; and in a few years every vestige of it 
was destroyed. 




THE PIXIES BATH 



Pas<e 130 



THE LADY OF THE SILVER BELL. 

I HAVE already told you, my young friends, a story in cgn- 
nexion with Tintagel; and now purpose to relate to you 
another; the events of which occurred in the same place, 
though at a somewhat more recent period, when a certain 
Baro|i was Lord of that ancient castle, and lived there with 
much i^lendour and state. 

This great Baron had only one child, a daughter, who 
was as fair as a lily, and when she turned her head, her 
neck moved with the grace and beauty of the swan; at 
least in such terras of praise was she described by the old 
harper in his songs, as, every feast day, he gladdened the 
halls of Tintagel with the thrilling notes and fiill chords of 
his harp. She was commonly called Serena, on account 
of her generally placid demeanour; and as her father was 
very fond of seeing her dressed in white and silver, because 
he thought she looked prettiest when so attired; she was 
not unfrequently called the silver lady. 

Her nurse declared, that, when the child was in the 
cradle, she had been blessed by the Pixies; and it was that 
which made her look so fair and beautiful, and caused her 
to be so lucky in all she took in hand. *' But woe be to 
her," would the old gossip add, when she said this, " woe 
be to her, if my lady Serena should offend the Pixies; for, 
like us mortal sinners, they will often most hate where they 



132 ' A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

have most loved ; and especially if they be jealous or 
offended." 

Although her mother died when she was an infant, Serena 
received a very good education ; for her nurse taught her 
so well how to work with the needle, that all the finest 
tapestry hangings in the castle were said to be in part 
wrought by her. The old minstrel instructed her in play- 
ing the harp ; and she often sang to it many a Cornish 
ballad or ditty ; and above all, Father Hilary had well 
disciplined her in her religious duties. She had given him 
a promise that she would never be absent from church at 
the ringing of the vesper bell; never, she said, unless pre- 
vented by sickness, would she be tempted to stay away 
when that bell was calling her to prayers, let what would 
happen. She gave this promise to Father Hilary so seriously, 
that he, as well as the nurse, assured her, if ever she broke 
it, the good spirits who were her guardians would fly away 
from her, and leave her exposed to injury firom the bad 
ones. Serena said, in reply, " No music was so sweet to 
her ears as the vesper bell." 

But though the Baron's daughter had so many good 
qualities, she had, I am sorry to say, some very great faults. 
She was excessively vain and fond of dress, and at- times 
sadly whimsical and capricious. When she grew up to 
womanhood, her father wanted her to marry some one of 
the gallant young knights who came to the castle; but such 
was her vanity, she deemed none good enough. Among 
them was a very gentle and amiable youth, who was so 
comely and graceful, that every body said how happy she 



THE LADY OF THE SILVER BELL. 133 

would be as his wife. And the old nurse declared that, 
from the dreams she had about him, and his having first 
been brought to the sight of her young lady, by the sounds 
of sweet music, which seemed to float in the air and to 
guide his steps to Tintagel, at the very moment Serena was 
issuing from the castle gates, she was quite sure it was the 
Pixies, and nothing but the Pixies, who thus led him along 
io give him, as a very great favour, to Serena for a husband. 
Serena at first appeared to like him well, and he came very 
6fren to the castle; but at length she changed her mind, 
tossed her head, disappointed him, and said that neither he 
nor any other of her father's friends, were handsome enough 
to please her; and in the caprice of her mood, she declared 
that she would never marry unless she could meet with a 
young prince who was handsomer, and dressed better, and 
played on the lute sweeter, than any one she had ever yet 
seen or heard. 

Her old nurse sighed as she listened to all this, and said, 
" O my dear young lady, do not talk so ! Beware what 
you say. You have behaved ill an(J whimsically to that 
poor young gentleman, whom every body loved; he was 
so good and kind. Depend upon it, the Pixies will take 
their revenge one of these days for the manner in which 
you treated him, or I dont know them or their doings. 
The only way to save yourselves from their spite, is to be 
very penitent for your fault; and to be mindful of your 
promise to Father Hilary. For if you go wrong again, the 
evil spirits may take advantage of your folly, sadly to 
mislead and deceive you; and I should break my old heart 



134 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

if any harm happened to my dear yoxmg kdy, whom I 
have nursed in these arms from the hour she was bom." 

Serena paid little heed to this good advice, but soon after 
indulged in such extravagance and gaiety, in so much 
dancing and singing, that Father Hilary interfered, and 
strictly enjoined her, as a sort of penance for spending her 
time so idly, to repair alone every day for one month to 
come, to a little chapel which stood near St. Nathan^e 
Eieve, and to be sure, according to her promise, always to 
enter within its doors before the ringing of the vesper bdl 
had ceased. 

St. Nathan's Eieve was three miles and a half from Tin- 
tagel, a long and weary way, and over a difficult road; aud 
though Serena now and then went on horseback, yet as 
walking far through such rough paths was a sort of penance, 
to please old Hilary, who was rather cross-grained and 
crabbed, and had no pity for her poor feet, she more fre- 
quently walked than rode. 

On the day of which I am about to speak, Serena set 
out early on foot, as she was determined not to be hurried 
in her walk. She was dressed in a long grey cloak, aiid 
upon her head she wore a little grey cap made of cloth; 
a scallop shell was seen in front of it, to show that she was 
going on a sort of pilgrimage. As she put on her cloak, 
her nurse gave her a caution to let nothing stay her by the 
way, but to go on straight to the chapel, to enter before 
the bell had ceased ringing, come straight home, for, said 
the good old woman, ** those who allow anything they meet 
with to delay them when they are going to prayers, are 



THE LADY OF TH£ SILVER BELL. 135 

sure to lay themselyes open t6 the power of those wicked 
spirits that I told you of before, they are sure to be punished 
for it." 

Serena took leave of her aged counsellor with repeated 
promises to mind what she said. She passed the castle 
gates in a somewhat hurried manner, for fear of meeting 
Father Hilary, as she liked not to be lectured by him on 
her way. With a quick step did she also pass the village 
of Trevenna. As she began to ascend the high ground 
beyond it, she slackened her pace^ and looked back upon 
Tintagel^ which now opened with all its grandeur of castle 
and cliff upon the view. She had never so attentively ob- 
served it as on this day; and, she could not tell why, but 
'she then gazed upon it with a melancholy interest. 

It was indeed a fine sight, and whilst the walls and towers 
of her father's ancient dwelling were lit up with a flood of 
light, the rock called Long Island, was in complete gloom 
from the overshadowing clouds. This rock wild, lofty, broken^ 
close in shore, though surrounded by the waves, was said 
to be peopled, and especially after nightfall, by sea-gulls 
and spirits. Serena now, therefore, looked upon it in its 
sombre hue with a secret sense of dread. Nor was it with- 
out a shudder that as she turned to continue her walk she 
saw a solitary magpie pacing up and down on the very road 
she had to cross. She did not like the evil sign, and she 
thought that she would take a shorter way, and find out 
that the country people sometimes took in going to chapel. 

But Serena was soon bewildered, and at length got into 
a strange rough road over a field that descended as 



136 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

precipitously as the roof of a house to the bottom of a ravine, 
beautifully clothed with wood. She could hear the running 
of water, and soon came in aght of a stream tliat ran 
rapidly under a vast number of trees. This she crossed 
and still advanced. She now perceived some overhanging 
rocks, and on the hill above these stood the little chapel. 
She had not advanced very far, when she heard the vesper 
bell. Mindful of her promise she determined to retrace 
her steps as speedily^ as possible, and no longer linger^ 
though in so lovely a scene. 

But at that very moment she heard strains of the most 
enchanting music. Nothing earthly seemed to mingle with 
those sounds. " Serena ! Serena, quickly turn, hark to 
the vesper bell." She fencied that a voice above the rocks 
spoke these words. But, alas I she neglected the friendly- 
warning. She looked this way, that way, up the ravine, 
among the trees, and could see no one; whilst every step 
she advanced, the music of the unseen musician appeared 
to move on before her. ** I will but tarry a few minutes 
to see who it is plays thus sweetly, and where the sounds 
come from," said Serena, "I shall yet reach the chapel 
yonder, before the bell has done ringing." 

She now continued descending the difficult and winding 
path, which turned sharply round among rocks that peered 
above her head in the most fantastic forms; the roots of 
the trees clung to them in all directions. So narrow had 
the path become between the rocks and the stream, that it 
scarcely afforded room to pass; and as the stones were 
slippery with moss and damp, and here and there the arm 



THE LADY OP THE SILVER BELL. 137 

of a tree crossed close above the head, to pass along was 
both precarious and dangerous. 

Again did Serena listen, and still could she hear, even 
above the sounds of the rushing waters, the vesper-bell. 
She now in good earnest determined to turn back. But at 
that moment, such a strain of sweetness arose; it caught 
Iter ear, and she became once more fixed by the spell of 
sach enchanting harmony. Alas! it was of more power 
than the call of duty over her wavering mind. 

The music now seemed to come from the opposite side 
of the stream ; and so much was her curiosity excited, that 
she took the resolution to try to cross it, and to find out 
the unseen minstrel. She looked round and perceived 
some large loose stones, which served, though not without 
risk, for stepping-stones. Serena was light of foot and very 
active; and so by marking well where to venture, and 
springing from rock to rock, she managed to get over the 
stream. Again did she enter on a narrow path, and fol- 
lowed it for a few yards, when, on a sudden turn, she came 
in sight of the loveliest waterfall that she had ever beheld. 

It was situated at the extremity of a recess among the 
wildest rocks. These formed so complete an inclosure, that 
it was only in front facing the fall that a view of it could 
be gained. The cascade itself was not lofty, not above fifty 
or sixty feet in height; it was its form and accompaniments 
which rendered it of such surpassing loveliness. A few 
yards distant from the fall, there stood fronting it some 
rocks, which half way up had the appearance of a natural 
arch; and through this opening the foaming waters were 



138 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

Been leaping and dashing over the rocks, with the most 
beautiful effect. Thence they rushed on in the wildest 
tumult over vast masses of granite, which lay in the bed of 
the stream as if to impede its course. Here and there, 
occasioned by the hollows beneath, might be found a calm 
deep pool, undisturbed by the impetuosity of the flood. 

Serena stopped, delighted with the beauty of the scene. 
" This is the sweetest ravine in the world," she said; " such 
a beautiful waterfall, and the rocks so wild and broken; 
and all shut in to keep it, as it were, from the approach of 
common mortals. Surely this must be the very place in 
which my nurse tells me, that Merlin of old, the great 
magician, in the days of Prince Arthur, used to work his 
spells; where the Pixies make their fiivourite haunt, and 
where they are now most powerfiil, and, therefore, most to 
be feared. But that must be false; for nothing to be feared 
can ever come into such a charming scene as this. But I 
must not linger; and now to hasten back, (cfr here no 
vesper-bell can be heard, nor even that delightful music 
which led me hither, for here the waterfall lets no music 
but its own meet the ear." 

Well might Serena thus admire the scene, for what she 
so gazed upon were the rocks and fall of Nathan's Kieve. 

Serena gave the cascade one last farewell look, and then 
turned to retrace her steps; but who shall speak her 
wonder, when, at a short distance from the spot she had 
quitted, she found it impossible to proceed without the 
danger of stepping upon a human being, who lay out- 
stretched, with a lute by his side, on the narrow path 



1— .■;.■• V,-;; ^v .K 



1 



\. ^ 



w 



THE UVIjY of the silver BULL 



Page 139. 



THE LADY OF THE SILVER BELL. 139 

under the rocks, and so close to the water's edge, that no 
space was left for her to glide by without disturbing him. 
She paused a moment; her eyes became as much fascinated 
by the beautiful appearance of the sleeping figure, as her 
ears had before been charmed by the mysterious music. 

It was a strange place for repose. The sleeper was a 
young man, of a very good person, and handsome features, 
with light brown curly hair. His attire was at once rich 
and elegant. He wore such a cloak and vest as Serena 
had never before seen; the plumage of the finest birds 
seemed to have been rifled to give it splendour. And 
then the cap on his head, and the tiara which was bound 
around his brows, was so radiant and glittering with jewels, 
that they looked as if diamonds, and emeralds, and rubies^ 
and sapphires had been clustered together so as to emulate 
in the manner of their arrangement the colours of the 
butterfly's wing. 

Serena gazed till her admiration of the manly beauty and 
splendid attire of the youthful sleeper became as great as 
that which she had felt, a little while before, for the music; 
and far exceeded her admiration of the beauties of the scene. 
She thought that, if ever she married, it should be to just 
such a beautiful youth; and then his dress was so graceful^ 
so rich ; and as for his tiara, it would be the prettiest thing 
imaginable to have just such another to bind around her 
own dark and flowing hair. She felt quite sure none but a 
prince could altogether be so charmingly dressed, and so 
handsome ; and he it must be who had produced from that 
lute such exquisite tones. 



140 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

Serena was now in no hurry to pass on, but looked about 
her, and seeing an opening in some rocks near at hand, that 
were overshadowed by thick and pendant boughs, she de- 
termined to conceal herself and to survey more at her 
leisure the noble features and the splendid adornments of 
the sleeper; hoping that, when he awoke, he would again 
touch the strings of his lute. The vesper bell was forgotten ; 
and to think from what a cause! Serena had given 
herself up to the influence of a vain curiosity ! Soon had 
she cause to rue her folly; for most sadly was she beguiled 
by what could be nothing more than an illusion to ensnare 
and deceive her; the work of an enemy to her peace. 

After a while, a thick mist suddenly fell like a cloud over 
every object around her. The very rocks and trees which 
sheltered her were no longer visible. The wind moaned, 
and the river rushed along in tumult as the roar of the 
waterfall became loud as rolling thunder. Serena trembled 
in every limb; her heart beat quick; she knew not what to 
do. Move from the spot of her concealment she dared not ; 
she was on the verge of despair, when gradually the mist 
rose like a veil that had been thrown over the landscape, 
and now raised by an invisible hand. The rocks, woods, 
and waterfall once more were distinctly seen, but under a 
melancholy aspect; no sun-beam fell upon them; all was 
shadow and gloom. She looked down on the narrow 
pathway; but neither the beautiful sleeping youth, nor the 
lute by his side were to be seen; they were gone; and she 
saw only the broken and mossy rocks wet with the spray 
and foam of the stream I 



THE LADY OF THE SILVER BELL. 141 

At length she arose, retraced her steps, and approached 
the chapel; but the vesper bell had long ceased ringing, 
and the doors of the chapel were closed — closed indeed, for 
the vesper service had been concluded half an hour before 
she reached the spot. Serena could not but feel ashamed 
of her folly; and she added to it by keeping the knowledge 
of it confined to her own bosom; for neither to Father 
Hilary, nor to the nurse did she tell what had happened. 

She was, however, often seen stealing down the pathway 
that led to Nathan's Kieve; for by a strange fascination 
she was fond of going there alone; although it was in that 
spot she first received those impressions which now rendered 
her so melancholy and unhappy. At length Father Hilary 
saw something was the matter, and obtained from her a 
confession of the truth, but only in part told; for she con- 
fined herself to the statement of having wasted her time in 
wandering up to the waterfall in Nathan's Kieve, and being 
too late for the vespers. She blushed, but was so ashamed 
to confess how much she had been led astray, that she said 
not one word about the musician, his attire, or the music. But 
Father Hilary was quite suflSciently shocked by what she 
confessed, alid imposed upon her a very severe penance, 
namely, that she should take the ten marks given to her by 
the Baron to buy a splendid dress to wear at a high festival 
to be held at the castle, and should expend the same in the 
purchase of 

A SILVER BELL, 

on which she must cause to be engraved an image of herself 
attired as a penitent, with her hair hanging down her 



142 ▲ PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

back, and carrying a taper in her hand, in token of sorrow 
for what she had done amiss. Serena obeyed, and purchaaed 
the silver bell, of which I bere give the picture. 

This Fatber Hilary presented in her name to the little 
chspel situated on the hill above Nathan's Kieve. 

But though this was done, and though Serena had worn 
her old robes at the high festival of Tintagel, to the amuse- 
ment of all her gaily-clad young friends, who tittered at 
her shabby apparel and envied her pretty looks, and though 
she had taken care that her many visits to the waterfall 
should never again interfere with the hour of ringing the 
vesper bell; yet was she dull and melancholy. Her spirits 
flagged, indeed they had never returned with their natural 
vivacity since that unluckly day on which she committed 
so great a &ult. Still she longed and sighed once more to 
hear the charming music, and to see the handsome and 
gaily dressed minstrel. But she was always disappointed 
in her hopes and expectations. 

At length she became so unhappy that she told all her 
secret to nurse Judy. Now, nurse Judy, though good- 
natured was not a very wise counsellor, for fearing Father 
Hilary would put the young lady to a more severe penance 
than the former did he know all the truth, she gave her 
very wrong advice as will presently be seen. 

She told Serena that she was convinced all that had 
happened to her was a Pixy delusion, brought about by 
some of those malignant and spiteful beings, who it was 
well known were powerful in Nathan's Kieve, and more 
especially over any one who had been negligent in the 



THE LADY OF THE 8ILVEB BELL. 143 

performance of their duty. She did not doubt that the 
music was the work of their spells; and as to the beautiful 
musician, she felt certain that he was nothing more than 
some mischievous imp, who had assumed that appearance 
on purpose to deceive her. 

La order therefore to counteract these spells, she per- 
suaded Serena to go and consult old Swillpot, the famous 
Cornish wizard, who dwelt near the waterfall at Nathan's 
Eeve, and who, nurse Judy said, was noted for being a 
kind wizard in his way, that was if he entertained no spite 
against the person who came to consult him; and more 
especially if the individual gave him a purse full of money, 
and a jar of strong rich metheglin or mead, which had 
been made at the full of the moon (then considered the 
best time for making it), and was three years old at least. 
Judy declared, that she had metheglin in her own par- 
ticular cupboard which had been made under all the 
quarters of the moon, and old Swillpot should have that 
decocted at the full. 

Serena, though not without fear, took all the money she 
had and put it into her purse ; she took also Judy's jar of 
metheglin, which was so large she found it difficult to 
carry it under her cloak, and set out for the wizard's dwelling. 

A very poor and miserable cottage was not the most 
agreeable place for so delicate a young lady as Serena to 
visit; but she was unhappy and wanted relief, and so she 
did not care to be nice, but after a gentle rap at once 
entered the dwelling. She was civilly received by old Swill- 
pot, more especially when he handled the purse, and took 



144 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

the jar of metheglin, and with a good-humoured chuckle 
tucked it under his arm. He then bade Serena sit down, 
and he would presently talk with her. 

Old Swillpot had not much the look of a wizard, for he 
was stout and burly, had a round full face, not unlike the 
moon (as that luminary is painted on the face of a clock), 
a very round red nose, and a beard so thick and long it 
reached quite down to his waist. He was in an exceeding 
good humour, placed himself at the head of a little table, 
produced a brown loaf and some Cornish cheese, as hard as 
if it had been cut out of the rocks, or from one of the Cornish 
mines, bustled up to his cupboard, produced a couple of 
horn cups, opened the jar, and very heartily pressed Serena 
to partake with him some of her own choice metheglin. 
This, with a smack of the lips, he pronounced to be ex- 
cellent, clear as amber, rich as the honey from which it was 
originally made, and fit for the king himself if he ever 
came into Cornwall. Serena, not to offend him, just tasted 
the cup, and then would have proceeded to tell her tale; 
but the charms of the metheglin were so m\ich greater than 
those of the young lady in the estimation of old Swillpot, 
that not until he had half emptied the jar would he hear 
a word she had to say. 

At last he seemed a little boozy with the strength of the 
potation ; as he sat, neither quite awake nor yet asleep, 
tapping his fingers on the table, his nose three tinies redder 
than it was before, he bade her tell her story, and gave a 
yawn and a lengthened hum at the end of every sentence, 
to let her know how very attentive he was to her discourse. 



THE LADY OP THE SILVER BELL. 145 

He then leSaned back in his chair, looked wise, con- 
sidered, made a snatch at a fine tabby cat that was rubbing 
herself against the side of his chair, took her up on his 
knee, and rubbed her hair the wrong way, as she raised up 
her tail till it reached his chin and brushed his beard. 
After consulting either his own thoughts, or the motion of 
the cat's tail, it was doubtful which, he very solemnly 
assured Serena, that all her sufferings and uneasiness pro* 
ceeded from a wicked delusion — that, in fact, she had been 
Pixy-led in the- most injurious manner. Having said this> 
he proceeded to the subject of her cure — to free her from 
the powerful spell under which she was still labouring ; to 
cure her vain desire to hear again the mysterious music, 
^nd to see the handsome musician, which so disturbed her 
peace. Lastly, as what she had to do must be performed 
at the Kieve, and in sight of the waterfall, at the full of the 
moon, he offered to accompany her to the- spot. As the 
moon would be at the full that very night, he said no time 
fihould be lost ; it was therefore agreed that they should 
set out together. Before departing, old Swillpot tucked 
the jar, containing the remainder of the metheglin, under 
bis arm, and so they speedily gained the place of their 
destination. 

But what were the fears and astonishment of Serena, 
when, on arriving there, the wizard directed her to climb 
up to the top of the rock which forms the natural arch in 
front of the waterfall, and lies directly over what may 
truly be styled a boiling and foaming cauldron. And, 
when there, he directed her to perform certain magiqal 

L 



146 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

rites to appease the Pixiee; for Pixies, he still declared, 
had been her foes. 

In what all these rites consisted, I do not know ; but, 
watching the moon till a cloud passed over her disk^ and 
then repeating certain words of mysterious signification, 
were among them. Lastly, she was enjoined to stay on 
the rock till she heard, even above the fall of the water, 
the scream of a night-bird that was said to haunt the 
ravine, and there to make the most dismal shrieks that 
could be imagined. No one knew where it had a nest. 
It was popularly believed to be the spirit of the great 
enchanter. Merlin, thus inhabiting the body of a bird for 
a certain term of years. Merlin, it was said, had been a 
cruel enemy to the Pixies. Serena was directed to watch ; 
and when she saw something dark come sailing over the 
rocks above, on out-spread wings, and with loud screams 
prepare to dash itself into the midst of the fall, then was 
she to address it in a form of words, which the wizard 
instructed her how to repeat. This done, she might de- 
scend from the rock, and would no more be troubled with 
any mischievous spells or &ncies. 

Serena, with much fear, and a quickly-beating heart, 
managed to ascend the rock, and to take her perilous 
0tand upon the natural arch above the rapid and roaring 
flood : she did all as commanded. At length she heard a 
flapping of wings^ and saw the dark form of a majestic 
bird, whose plumage shone bright and silvery in the moono 
beams, rise from among the trees. Instantly she addressed 
it, in a firm and plaintive tone — 



THE LA-DT OP THE SILVER BELL. 147 

** Bird of niglit, 'tis time to leave 
Thy nest, and seek St. Nathan's Kieve ; 
Bird of power o'er Pixy dells, 
Disenchant me from their spells. 
Give me freedom from their thrall. 
Ere thou seek'st yon waterfall ; 
Drive from me idle Fancy's mood, 
Or drown my foUy in the flood." 

Serena, as she spoke these last words, raised herself 
hastily from the summit of the rock on which she was so 
precariously placed. At that very moment the bird with 
outspread wings dashed against the moon-illumined water* 
fall, she lost her footing and tottered. Before she could 
regain her babance, old Swillpot, as fast as he could make 
the effort, stepped forward to give assistance. Unfortunately 
whilst Serena had been performing the rites he dictated, in 
order to keep the night air from chilling his stomach, he 
had emptied into it the remaining half of the jar of metheg- 
lin, so that he was a little more imsteady than before; and 
neither his foot in stepping, nor his hand in helping, were 
so much under his control as at all to be sure of their 
purpose; and he bungled so terribly in trying to give aid, 
that his foot slipped, and having caught Serena by the arm, 
down he pushed her; and both were soused into the water. 
Swillpot was nearer to the banks, and some how or other 
managed to scramble out. 

But not so the imfortunate young lady ; she had been 
pushed so completely over the rock by the tipsy wizard, 
that she fell at once into a pool which lay immediately 
below it; the most deep and dangerous in the whole course 



148 A PEEP AT TEIE PIXIES. 

of the stream. Poor Serena was seen* no more. But long 
did her memory survive her unhappy fate; long was her 
story told as a sad example of so young and so lovely a 
creature being led into folly by her vain and idle curiosity. 

Old Swillpot, who was not of an imkind heart, though 
he did not possess a very clear head, was so shocked and 
concerned at what had happened, owing to his having 
bewildered his brains and rendered his footing unsteady^ 
by making too free with the metheglin ; that, as the very 
severest penance he could possibly inflict upon himself, he 
renounced strong drink for ever after. And old nurse Judy 
was so vexed and angry with herself for having recom* 
mended her young lady to go and consult him, and for 
sending such an old fool, as she called him, her best and 
stoutest metheglin, that she took the resolution never more 
to give away one drop of it to any mortal creature; and so 
well did she observe this determination that it never more 
went down any throat but her own. And as a reward for 
keeping so strictly her purpose, old Swillpot's red nose 
seemed to have passed from his face to her own. 

It is said to this day, when the moon is at the full, and 
her beams sparkle, like filaments of diamonds on the beauti- 
ful waterfall of Nathan's Kieve, Serena's Silver Bell is heard 
ringing in a slow and melancholy cadence, like a funeral 
chime; though the chapel to which it was given has long 
been destroyed; and neither the belfry nor bell are any more 
to be found. 



THE BELFRY ROCK; 

OE, THE pixies' BEVENGB. 

. On the borders of Dartmoor, In days of yore, there lived a 

j j rich old farmer, in one of the fields near whose house, stood 

j a very curious object, a large moor-stone rock, shaped by 

nature so much like an ancient Gothic church -with a tower, 

'^ that it was known among the country people for miles 

,,: round by the name of ** The Pixies' Church." 

y^ It was also encompassed by a Pixy ring; and many old 

persons declared that ever since they could remember, if 

/ you placed your ear close to the rock on a Sunday, you 

could hear a small tinkling sound, resembling the church 

bells at Tavistock, and usually at the very time they were 

T ringing to warn the good people of that town for the 

morning service. It was said, likewise, that the same 

.'._ sound could be heard when the bells of Tavistock chimed, 

as they always did at four, and eight, and twelve o'clock. 

One old woman protested that so long ago as when her 

great grand-father, who was fond of music, was a Uttle boy, 

he was firequently seen to place his ear against the rock to 

'^ listen, as he thought, to the Pixies' ringing; and although 

* he had never been at Tavistock, he thus learned the tune 

of the 100th Psalm which the chimes there used to play 

daily. He declared that he heard the Pixy music best when 

'' he put his head in a hole in the portion of the rock which 

^ was called the belfry tower. When he grew up to be a 

man he learned to play on the bass viol with which he led 

the choir of a neighbouring village; and it was always 



150 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES, 

noticed that there was no tune he played with so much 
spirit as the 100th Psalm, which he had so often heard at 
the belfry rock. 

" And, as sure as you are alive/' said the ancient dame> 
who repeated this story round many a Christmas fire, " the 
Pixies love bell-ringing, and go to church o' Sundays.'* 

Well, it so happened, that the farmer wanted stones, to 
make the wall of some additional buildings to his house ; 
and the " Church-rock" being near, he bethought him 
how much time, trouble, and expense would be saved, by 
making the granite of the tower supply his need. 'But 
when he made known his intentions to his workmen, they 
stood aghast with dread. One and all did they declare 
that they would have no hand in the matter. What ! dare 
to strike off even a bit of a stone from the Pixies' church ! 
they would not do such a thing for the weight of the 
whole rock in gold. It would be sure to bring down the 
vengeance of the whole band of Pixies upon them ; they 
had scarcely ever ploughed up or disturbed a Pixy ring, 
but they were sure to suffer for it, by pains in the bones, 
cramps, and rheumatics ; and as to touching the rock, they 
dared not do it for their lives. 

Finding that he could do nothing with his men, the old 
farmer, being as stout and sturdy as he was obstinate, 
determined to work himself, and to make his sons help 
him. And so, in good earnest, they began the work of 
destruction ; and block after block was removed from the 
musical tower. But this deed of mischief and spoliation 
was not done without some marks of anger, and even of 
suffering, from the invisible little beings thus disturbed in 



THE BELFRY BOCK. 151 

tlieir favourite haunts. Low and piercing shrieks were 
constantly heard from the rock ; and the masons (those 
who had refused to help to take the stones from such a 
quarry), whilst engaged in raising the building, were 
terribly troubled with cramps, and felt every night, wheii 
they lay down to rest, as if pins were running into their 
flesh, so that they were heartily glad when the work was 
completed. 

But now began the Pixies' revenge upon the man who 
had been at the head of thus offending them. One morn- 
ing, when the old farmer came down into the kitchen, he 
foimd a heap of ashes on the hearth, within the ample 
space of the chimney. It looked absolutely as if there had 
been a bonfire made of a whole rick of wood ; and, on going 
into the wood-yard, he found the better part of his rick, 
more especially all the great logs that he had been saving 
up for the Christmas week, gone. He next proceeded to 
the cow-house. It was in the depth of winter ; and there 
he was struck with horror on beholding his finest, fattest, 
and most favourite cow, the very queen of cows for grace 
and beauty, standing shivering and shaking, reduced to a 
living skeleton ; her eyes staring out of her head, and her 
bones scarcely covered with skin. What a sight I ** The 
Pixies have pity on me," exclaimed the old man ; "for 
truly do I fear this is their work." On the two follow- 
ing mornings it was just the same thing — a heap of ashes 
on the hearth, and now a &,t ox reduced to a living skeleton I 
At length the old farmer plucked up courage, and deter- 
mined that, on the next night, he would watch and find 
out the mystery. 



152 A PEEP AX THE PIXIES. 

He effected his purpose by concealing Hmself in a tollow 
place in the wall of the kiichen, called the smuggler's hole; 
for, if fame did him no wrong, the old fellow was said, now 
and then, to do business in an unlawful way. Well, there 
was he concealed. Exactly as the clock struck twelve, he 
heard a noise something like the humming of bees at the 
kitchen door ; and directly after perceived a little creature, 
very diminutive, but shaped like a human being, come 
forth through the key-hole. 

Immediately Friskey (for such, it seemed, was the name 
of this Pixy) took down from a nail, where it hung near 
the door, the ponderous key (the weight of which was 
almost too much for him), and with it, at length, the yoimg 
gentleman managed to unlock the door. 

To his utter amazement, what should the old farmer 
next see, but one of his fine fat oxen driven in by myriads 
of little creatures ; some sitting on the animal's back, others 
pulling him by the ears, a few .swinging on his tail, and a 
pouple of rogues, one perched on the tip of either horn, 
amusing themselves by turning about, in their antics, like 
the weather-cocks on the tops of the pinnacles of Tavistock 
church. 

This Pixy progeny, though numerous, were by no 
means very handsome. The tallest of them was (said the 
old gossip, the narrator of this most wonderful history) not 
higher than her kitchen candle-stick ; that was, about six 
inches firom crown to toe ; and the miniature Pixies, or 
dwarfs among them, were scarcely half so tall. They 
looked, added this observing old dame, for all the world 
like little stoats, standing on their hinder legs. They 




THE PIXIKS' REVENGE. 



Page 15^ 



PU1;..;'J •, 






.•^ss\ 



. THE BELFBT BOCK. 153 

tad fierce black eyes, large mouths, and red fiery tongues, 
flashing and shining like pen-knives, as they thrust them 
out. 

This band of little imps, who seemed to be of no very 
gentle or amiable nature, soon drove the poor ox near the 
kitchen chimney. Then, urchins though they were, they 
threw him down in a minute; all hands set to work and 
fairly skinned him, being careful in so doing not to break 
the hide. Whilst this operation was going on, another 
party of these diminutive monsters . (if so they may be called) 
busied themselves in bringing in great logs of wood. It 
was truly wonderful to see such little creatures capable, by 
their numbers, of removing such loads. The logs were 
disposed upon the hearth. One of the Pixies then breathed 
upon them, and immediately they kindled into a flame. 

Friskey next clapped his tiny hands, and forthwith three 
obedient Pixies appeared, each mounted and sitting between 
the prongs of a pitchfork turned upwards, and so they glided 
onward towards the fire. The pitchforks stopped of them- 
selves, and then the urchins dismounted ; and one putting 
his fork into the nose of the poor ox, whilst the other did 
the same to his rump, and the third poked at his side, they 
had him up in a trice, and contrived to suspend him ready 
for roasting before the fire. And then they all set to and 
whirled and turned him backwards and forwards and round 
about like so many mad turnspits, and basted him with the 
cook's ladle and with all the butter and cream that they 
could steal from the dairy; for Pixies are very good cooks, 
and know that meat is never delicate or tender unless basted 
with care. The roasting was soon finished ; for a fire 



154 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

kindled by such means is strong, swift, and subtle in its 
operations. 

And then, exactly while the old farmer in his hiding hole 
could count seven, three times was the ox lifted up and 
three times again let down, before it was transferred to the 
large kitchen table. This done, one little wretch, &r more 
ugly than all the rest, with something bright and sparkling 
about his brows (the form of which the &rmer could not 
exactly make out), stamped with his tiny feet, and bade the 
whole band to the feast. In another moment, out flew a 
thousand little knives, each in shape resembling a cutlass, 
and each Pixy fell to *' tooth and nail," on the good cheer, 
cutting and carving and helping himself. They all seemed 
highly to enjoy their supper, and chatted and talked as &st 
as they ate in a sort of squeak very like the squeak of mice 
in a comer. These little wretches contrived in a few 
minutes, to devour fat and lean, and every part of the ox 
except the brain, the eyes, and bones and sinews. The 
bones, however, were picked quite clean, and looked to the 
wondering farmer, to be as white as drifted snow. They 
were then cast under the table. 

But how the old man did tremble and quake with fear 
when he saw that one of the small bones of the beast had 
fallen near the entrance of the hole in the wall, where he 
lay concealed. He had, however, courage and presence of 
mind sufficient to stretch out his hand and catch up this 
small bone. He then shut to the little softly-sliding panel 
that formed a sort of door to the entrance of his secret 
retreat; for he was so overcome with terror that he could 
not bear any longer to behold such a scene of mischieft 



. THE BELFBY ROCK. 155 

and could hardly suppress his groans for the loss of his 
favourite ox. However, he could not forbear, now and 
then, taking a peep at what was still going on. 

Presently he perceived tjie Pixy company set to dancing 
and capering like mad things ; and this they did in a ring^ 
holding each other by the hand, and making a humming 
Boise like a tune (though a very wild and strange one) which 
was only interrupted by the mouselike squeak and a sort of 
chuckling, for that was thdr manner of mirth and laughter. 
After they were pretty well tired with their sports, the little 
Pixy who looked more old and ugly than all the rest, gave 
a sharp shrill cry, and immediately all the party began to 
collect the scattered bones, and to put them together with 
wonderful ease and precision, fastening them with ligatures 
and sinews. The little creatures, however, in building up 
the ox, missed the small bone, and appeared greatly alarmed 
lest it should bring upon them the anger of their king. 
But after consulting together, they seemed to form a plan 
to conceal it from him pretty readily. 

They next laid out the skeleton of the ox, as clean and 
as perfect as if they had been doing it to oblige any Surgeon 
Hunter, or Professor Owen, for their schools of anatomy. 
They then took the horns and the hoofs (which they 
removed before supper) with very great care ; and, lastly, 
drew the skin over the bones with admirable dexterity. It 
went on without pulling, for there was no flesh left to 
create the slightest difficulty. 

This flnished, once more all joined hands, made a ring, 
and danced three several times round the ox ; and, lastly, 
all united in uttering one small shrill piercing cry. Thi 



156 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

was repeated thrice more, " and thrice again,'* as the 
witches say in the play of Macbeth, " to make up nine." 
Several of them then climbed upon the creature's back, as 
nimbly as young cats, and plaped themselves about the 
head, and seemed to breathe and utter sounds in the mouth 
and ears. 

All these rites being accomplished, the leader among the 
Pixies took several pieces of birch from a broom in the 
kitchen, and, making one after his own fashion, proceeded 
to rub down the ox, from the tip of his nose to the end of 
his tail. Whereupon the animal began slowly to re-ani- 
mate. First he opened one eye, and then another ; shook 
his ears, and rolled out his tongue ; and then he gave such 
a sudden whisk with his tail, that he tumbled off from 
it a dozen or two of Pixies who were amusing themselves 
by hanging upon it, as ship-boys do upon a rope ; and, 
lastly, he gave such a bellow, that it even startled the 
old farmer in his hole. Their sport for the night being 
accomplished, and fearing the ox, with his bellowing^ 
would disturb the house, the Pixy tribe proceeded to 
drive the poor beast towards the door; but they could 
not do even this like other creatures, for they did it by 
teazing and pinching him in a very wanton manner. 
And then it was found, that, for want of the small mis- 
sing bone, the animal limped terribly, and went lame 
on one leg. They all, however, got out, much in the 
same way that they got in. Friskey staid behind, to 
lock the door and hang Up the key, and then bobbed 
through the key-hole after the others. 

And now, my young friends, you want to know what 



THE BELFRY ROCK. 157, 

became of the old man ; and I ^11 tell you. As soon as 
all was quiet, lie crept out of his smuggling-hole, and went 
to bed, terribly frightened ; but could not get a wink of 
sleep all the night for thinking of the Pixies. As soon 
as it was day, he got up, and went straight to the ox- 
house ; and there he found his poor skeleton beast, halting 
on one leg. Now, there was a strange kind of old woman 
lived near him, who was called old Joan, the witch ; but, 
though he consulted her upon the case, it seemed that 
she could do nothing for him, but rather inclined to 
favour the Pixies ; very probably they were her personal 
friends. However, being hard pressed to give advice, 
she told the farmer to go to a conjuror, known by the 
name of the White Wizard of Exeter ; a little, short, 
funny old man, who was very formidable when he chose 
to use his power over witches and pixies, and little devils 
of all kinds and degrees. 

The farmer did go to Exeter, and related to the White 
Wizard all that had happened. How he took down the 
tower of the Pixy church, and broke it up for stones 
for his building, and every thing which had befallen 
him ; and all that he had both seen and heard with his 
own eyes and ears. The White Wizard thought the 
affair a very bad one ; but not altogether hopeless. He 
counselled the farmer to go home, pull down his new 
building, carry back all the stones to where he had taken 
them from, put them down on the same spot, but not 
to attempt to do anything more to them. Although 
grieved, and vexed to think he must be at so great a 
loss as all this implied, yet the old man obeyed. Great 



. 158 A PEEP AT THE PIXIES. 

was his surprise when, on going out the next morning, 
he found the Pixj church and tower built up again^ 
exactly as it was before, and not a stone out of its 
place. 

But, alas ! after he had first disturbed the Pixy tower, 
nothing went well with him ; for, though it had been 
built up again, he moped about in low spirits, which 
he could not overcome, and got as lean and as miser- 
able as one of his poor skeleton oxen. All this the 
old farmer related to the parson of the parish, and silid 
that he made the confession on purpose to ease his con- 
science before he died, which he did soon after. 

Now this very sad and disastrous tale was, for a long 
period, the subject of narrative at Christmas and Michael- 
mas eves, over the hot pies and the white ale, also made 
hot^ with the addition of spice, eggs, and sugar, in all 
the villages bordering on Dartmoor. It was related as 
a warning both to young and old, never to meddle 
with, or to* destroy, any Pixy rocks, houses or buildings, 
or rings of any kind or description, as these little Pixy 
beings, though sometimes of service where they take a 
fancy, are, nevertheless, spiteful and revengeful in their 
nature, and will requite an offence with tenfold injury, 
be it what it may. 



APPENDIX. 



Notes to ** Pixy Gathon ; or, the Tailor's Needle." 

lUr^ishing in the West of England is to this day an expression 
used to denote the mischievous and wicked designs of "witchcraft. 
To be ill-wished by an old woman, signifies neither more nor lees 
than to be bewitched by her. Sometimes persons who fancy that 
their children, themselves, or their cattle, are so, go to the White 
Witch, who pretends to the power of curing or removing the evil 
brought about by the wicked one. 

Concerning Anastatia Steer, etc., I beg leave to subjoin, for the 
amusement of my readers, the following extracts from that ciuious 
work— "J. View of Devonshire in 1630, with a Pedigree of most of its 
Qewtry, hy Thonas Westcote, Oentleman,^^ which, though written so 
long ago, was only very lately published by subscription. Speaking 
of the great age of many persons in the county of Devon, the worthy 
author quaintly says — 

** To add somewhat more concerning long life, it is to be proved, 
that Anastatia Steer, late of Boborough, lived full one hundred 
and forty years, double the age the prophet David allowed for old 
men in his time, when he said — 

** Our time is three score years and tea 
That we do live on mould ; 
If one see four score, surely then 
We count him wondrous old." 

And speaking of Crediton, he says — 

" Their market for kersies hath been very great, especially of the 
finer sort; (and before the prepetuanos were wrought) for the apt- 
ness and diligent industry of the inhabitants (for making such 



160 APPENDIX. 

cloth), did purchase it a super-eminent name above all other towns, 
whereby grew this common proverb, as fine as Kerton spinning ; 
(for we briefly call it Kerton) which spinning was indeed very fine : 
which to express, the better to gain your beUef, it is very true, that 
one hundred and forty threads of woollen yam spim in that town 
were drawn together through the eye of a tailor's needle; which 
needle and which threads were for many years together to be seen 
in Watling Street in London, in the shop of one Mr. Dunscombe, at 
the sign of the Golden Bottle." 



Notes to ** The Three Trials ; or. The Story of Crabby Cross." 

Tintagel. — ^The ruins of this once magnificent old castle, tradition- 
ally said to have been built by Prince Arthur, stand to this day 
much as they are described in the tale. 

The Rev. Mr. Hawker, in his little volume of elegant poetry, called 
" Records of the Western Shore," says of the Chough, " This wild 
bird chiefly haunts the coasts of Devon and Cornwall The common 
people believe that the soul of King Arthur inhabits one of these 
birds, and no entreaty or bribe would induce an old Tintagel quarry- 
man to kill one of them." 

Black cats, black hens, and ravens, I believe, from time immemo- 
rial, have been considered as the peculiar property of witches : and 
the evil spirit, who becomes the famihar of any such wicked persons^ 
is said to take up his abode in the body of one of the above named 
bla(5k creatures, or, in some cases, to assume the appearance of any 
one of them. Some time since, I saw it stated, I think in Prince's 
" Worthies of Devon^^ (but have lost the reference to the page), that 
a certain learned divine, deeply versed in magic, had an attendant 
spirit in the shape of a black hen, which, on some one reading in a 
great magical book that lay on the table in the absence of the 
owner, suddenly became a monstrous and dangerous bird. 



Notes to "The Seven Crosses op Tiverton; or, The Story op 
Pixy Pickett." 

The quaint old author, Westcote, above mentioned, gives the 
following account of the Seven Crosses of Tiverton. He begins by 
stating, that a poor labouring man of that town had, by his wife^ 
seven sons at a birth, '^ which being so secretly kept, as but knowa 



APPENDIX. 161 

to himself and his wife ; he, despairing of Divine Providence (which 
never deceiveth them that depend thereon, but giveth meat to every 
mouth, and filleth with his blessing every living thing), resolveth to 
let them swim in our river, and to that purpose puts them all into 
a large basket, and takes his way towards the river. The Countess 
(of Devon) having been somewhere abroad to take the air, or doing 
rather some pious work, meets him with his basket, and by some, 
no doubt Divine, inspiration, demands what he carried in his basket. 
The silly man, stricken dead well near with that question, answers, 
they were whelps. * Let me see them,' quoth the lady. * They are 
puppies,' rejihed he again, ' not worth the rearing.' * 1 will see,' 
quoth the good Countess ; and the leather he was to show them, 
the more earnest was she to see them : which he perceiving, fell on 
his knees and discovered his purpose, with all former circumstances ; 
which understood, she hasteth home with them, provides nurses 
and all things else necessary. They all live, are bred in learning, and, 
being come to man's estate, gives each a prebend in this parish, 
which I think are vanished not to be seen, but the Seven Crosses 
near Tiverton, set up by this occasion, keeps it yet in memory." 



Notes to " Fontina; or. The Pixies' Bath." 

Sir Henry de Bath, a native of Devon and a most worthy man, 
and a judge in the reign of Heniy III., in consequence of the king's 
mind having been prejudiced against him by an artful and designing 
enemy, was summoned before the Parhament on the charges of 
corruption and treason. Conscious of his innocence, he came for- 
ward in the most fearless manner, supported hj his friends, who 
entered the house armed. Those who were to sit in judgment upon 
him, feared so much the consequences to themselves did they con 
demn him, that not one present would lead the way ; whereupon 
the king, in a fit of passion, denounced him, and promised to paraon 
any one who should put to death Sir Henry de Bath. He, however, 
escaped the present danger, and was afterwards reconciled to his 
sovereign. 

In the court before Bath House (the ancient family residence 
near North Tawton, Devon) there was formerly a deep pit. Prince 
says, " so deep in the centre as the height of a man well mounted 
on horseback, generally dry, where would sometimes in the dryest 
season a spring break out, which filled the pit so full it would over- 
flow its banks." This overflowing of the waters became a fatal 

M 



162 APPENDIX. 

sign of death or calamity to the family of De Bath ; and Westcote 
says in the work already cited, *' That in those latter days, it had 
been seen to do so three times in a little more than thirty years." 



Notes to "The Lady op the Silver Bell." 

For the wild Pixy incidents which suggested this tale, I am 
indebted to my husband, the Rev. E. A. Bray, who many years 
since commenced a little poem on the subject, which is lost. 



Notes to *' The Belfry Rock; or, The Pixies' Revengk" 

The Belfry Rock, commonly called the Church Rock, on Dart- 
moor, on account of its resemblance to a church. I know not if it 
is still in being, as great havoc of late years has taken place on the 
moor ; many rocks have been blasted with gunpowder, broken up 
for the roads, and otherwise destroyed. But the Church Rock was 
long remembered ; and many old persons have declared, that they 
could recollect the time when, if you placed your ear close to it on 
a Sunday, you could hear a low tinkling sound like the bells of 
Tavistock Church, and always at the time of warning for service; 
and they also said, that the chimes, at the regular hours of the day 
for chiming, could be so heard at the rock. All this was duly 
ascribed to the Pixies, who, it was believed, loved bell-ringing, and 
went to church. Hence the rock in question received the name of 
the Pixies^ Church. It is not at all improbable, that, when the wind 
was in the right quarter, the sounds heard at the rock were the 
faint echoes of the Tavistock bells. 

For a knowledge of the local tradition, on which the tale of the 
Belfry Rock is founded, I am indebted to Mr. Merrifield, a barrister, 
and a man of talent in more things than the law, a native of the 
town of Tavistock, and the husband of a lady well known for her 
literary merits. 



the end. 



WEHTHfciaiKB, AND CO , PHI>T£IIS, FI>8BU&T CXRCVS. 



dnpal |«lrmle Jikai:^, 

COBKEB OS* ST. PAUL'S CHUBCH-TABD, JjOVDOS. 



NEW AND POPULAR WORKS 
FOR THE YOUNG, 

PUBUGBHED BT 

GRANT AND GRIFFITH, 

(SUCCESSOSS TO NSWBKRT AJXD HARBIS). 



The Favourite Picture Book; 

A Galleiy of Delights, designed for the Amusement and Infraction of 
the Tonng. ' With several Hundred Illnstrations hy Eminent Artista. 
Bojal 4to., price Ss, 6d., boond in an Elegant Cover. 

Mx8. BBAY'S NEW WOBE. 

A Peep at the Pixies; 

Or, Legends of the West. Bj Mrs. But. Slnstrated by H. E. 
Bbowks (Phiz)^ 38. ed. cloth. 

Ocean and her Rulers ; 

A Narrative of the Nations who have from the earliest ages held do- 
minion over the Sea. By At.tricd Elwes. With iJ^ntispieee. 
Foolscap 8to., 5s, cloth. 

The Day of a Baby Boy; 

A Stoiy for a Tonng Child. By E. Bebobb. With Bliistrations by 
John Absolon. Ptice 2«. 6d cloth^ plain ; Ss. 6dL coloured, gilt edges» 

Cat and Dog; 

Or^ Memoirs of Fuss and the Captain. A Starr fotmded on fact. By 
the Anthor of " The Doll and her Friends.'' lUiutnted by H. Wxuu 
Price 2s. ed. doth, plain; 3«. 6dl coloured, gOt edges. 



NEW AND INTERESTING WORKS 



THB BABON KRAKEMSIDBS' NEW WORK. 

The Careless Chicken ; 

By t]ie Bason Erakemsides; author of "Funnj Leaves for the 
Younger Branches.*' With Sixteen large coloured Plates, bj ALtBED 
Cbowquill. 4to., 28. 6d, 

Funny Leaves for the Younger Branches. 

By the Barok Krakemsides, of Borstenoudelafen Castle. Blastrsted 
by Altrei^ Orowquill. 4to., coloured plates, S«. 6d. 

Scripture Histories for Little Children. 

By the author of '* Mamma's Bible Stories,*' etc With Sixteen Blns- 
trations, by John Gilbert. 3«. plain; 4«. 6dl coloured. r 

The History of an Adopted Child. 

By Geraldinb E. Jewsburt, with an niustration by John AbsoloK. 
Foolscap Syo., price 55. cloth. 

The Family Bible Newly Opened ; 

With Unde Goodwin's account of it. By Jeffbrts Taylor, author 
of *« A Glance at the Globe," "The Young Islanders,** etc. Frontis- 
piece by John Gilbert. Fcap. Syo., is, 6a. doth. 

Kate and Rosalind ; 

Or, Early Experiences. With an Blustration by J. Gilbert. Fcap. 
8yo., price 5«. cloth. 

Hidden Treasures; 

Or, the Heir of Hohenberg. Edited by F. Hardman, Author of 
" The Student of Salamanca,'* etc., with Four Illustrations. Fcap. 
8yo., 3s, 6d, cloth. 

Good in Everything; 

Or, The Early History of Gilbert Harland. By Mrs. Barwell, 
Author of *• Little Lessons for Little Learners,*' etc. Illustrated by 
John Gilbert. Eoyal 1 6mo., cl. Ss, 6(2. plain ; 4s, 6d, cold., gilt edges. 



Manco, the Peruvian Chief; 

Or, the Adventures of an Englishman in the Country of the Inoas. Bjr 
W. H. G. Kingston, Esq. With Illustrations hj Carl Sghmolzb. 
Fcap. 8yo., 6*. cloth. 

By the same Author, 

Mark Seaworth; 

A Tale ofthe Indian Ocean. Illustrated by J. Absolon. Fcap.8YO»6t.cL 

Peter the Whaler; 

His early Life and Adventures in the Arctic Begtons. Second Edition. 
With Illustratk>ns. Fcap. 8Ya, 6«. doch. 



PUBLISHED BY CRANT AND CRIFFITH. 



Anecdoteg of the Habits and Instincts of Animals. 

Bj Mrs. R. Leb (formerlj Mrs. Bowdich), with Blostrations bj H. 
WmK. Fcap. 8vo., 6s. cloth. 

By the seme Author, 

Anecdotes . of the Habks and Instincts of Birds, 

REPTILES, and FISHES. lUustrated by H. Weir. Fcap. 8vo., 6«. cL 

Twelve Stories of the Sayings and Doings of 

ANIMALS. With Four Illustrations . bj J. W. Archbb, Supei- 
xoyal 16mo., cloth 2«. 6d, plains 3s, 6<L coloured, gilt edges. 

Adventures in Australia; 

Or, the Wanderings of Captain Spencer in the Bash and the Wilds; 
containing accurate descriptions of the Habits of the Natives, and the- 
Natural Productions and Features of the Country. Second Edition. 
Wi^ Illustrations by J. S. Prout. Fcap. 8vo., 6«. cloth. 

Familiar Natural History, 

With Forty-two Illustrations from Drawings by Harrison Wsir, and 
Descriptions by Mrs. Lbs. Super Boyal 16mo., doth 8«. 6d, ^ain; 
6s. coloured, gilt edges. 

The African Wanderers ; 

Or^ the Adventures of Carlos and Antonio;: with Descriptions of the 
Manners and Customs of the Western Tribes, and the Natural Produc- 
tions of the Country. 2nd Edit With Engravings. Fcap. 8vo., 6«. d. 
" For fiuscinating adventure, and rapid succession of incident, the volume is equal to'aqy 
rebrtion of travel we ever read. It exbibits marked abUity as well as extensive knowledge, 
and deserves perusal from all BgeB."Brita$mia. 

** In strongly recommending this admirable work, to the attention of young readers, wcl 
feel that we are rendering a Mid service to the cause of Afirican civilivation.'v~-Palri0f. 



The Doll and Her Friends; 

Or, Memoirs of the Lady Seraphina. By the Author of ''^Letters fh>n» 
Madras,*' etc With Illustrations by H.E. Browns (Phiz). Super- 
royal 16mo., cloth, 2«. 6(2. plain; Ss, 6d. coloured, gilt edges. 

Stories of Julian and his Playfellows. 

Written by Hls Maxm^. With Illustrations by Jobn AbsoIiON^^ 
Super-royal 16mo., 2s, 6</., plain; 3s. 6d., coloured, gilt edges^' 

Tales from Catland ; 

Written for Little Ejttens by an Old Tabby. With Four Illustrations 
by H. Weir. Second Edit. Small 4to., 2«; 6d. plain; 3s. 6d. coloured. 



MKW ANP INTCWMTINQ WORKS 



The Wonders of Home, in Eleven Stories. 

By QRAirarjkTBBB Grkt. Second Edition. With Bbutntioiis. 
Boyal 16mo., price 3#. 6d. doth; At, ^ coloured. 
CoiTTBNTfl.— 1, The Stoiy of a Cap of Tea.— 2. A Lamp of CoaL— 3. 
Some Hot Water.~4. A Piece of Sagar.— 5. The Milk Jag.->6. A 
Fin.— 7. Jeimy's Sash.— 8. Harry's Jacket,*-9. A Tumbier.^ia A 
Knife.— 11. This Book. 

** Thfl IdM If excellent, and Its ezecatl<ni equally oommendabte. The sabfects are well 
■elected, and are Tery happUy told in » lig^t yet sensible manner."^ )FaQ% Neum» 

Tales of School Life. 

By Acnnw Lotroair, Anthor of '^Tales ibr Toong People." With Poor 
heantifal niostration^ by John AnsoLoir. Seoiond Edituuu Boyal 
16mo., price 8«. 6dL plain; As. 6d, coloured. 
•* These lemlnlaoences of achocd days iHD be recognlaed aa trnChfUplctm^scfe^ 

eeonvanee. The atyle ia ooiloqnlal and pleaaaat, and therefore well salted to those fiir 

whose pemaal it iahitei^bd." "" 



Bhymes of Royalty. 

The ICstory of England in Yerse^ from the Norman Oonqaest to the 
reign of Qusxti Yictoaia; with an Appendix, comprising a sammaiy 
of ^e leading events in each reign. Pcap. 8vo.> with an Elegant 
IVontispiece. Price 2«. 6(2. cloth. 

Kit Barn's Adventures; 

Or, the Tarns of an Old Mariner. By Mabt Cowdbk Clabkb. With 
niustrations by Qbobob CBUiKSHAifK. Fcap. 8to., price 8^. 6d. cloth. 

** A more captfratlng Toltune ft>r JufenUe recreative reading we nerer remember to haTO 
seen."— ^ftmdnrtf ofF^raedam, 

** Cndkahank's flluatratlons are worthy cf his genius. There ia e giant and edwax^ 
wUch he never could have drawn, if he had not lived in fklxy land.**— i f a -n w iia s r . 

Every-Day Things; 

Or, Usefiu Knowledge respecting the prindpal Animal, Vegetable, and 
Mineral Sabstances in conunon nse. Written for Yonng Persons, by 
A Ladt. 18mo., 2«. cloth. 

*«« The author, believing that learning by rote firam a'book of qaeatkna and anawen 
only gives a child a smattering of knowledge, without a dear or deiuiite idea of aqy siQ(de 
partiealar<A|)eet.reoommendB, in urine this work, that the pupil shodld careftally read the 
aoQOont given or each article, and afterwards be questkmed upon it by the parmt or 
teacher, thereby exercising the mind aa well as the memc 



* The design of the work is very snitaMy execnted."~JBdboatoMil Time$. 
''* A littie encirBlopsBdia of useful knowledge, deserving a place in every Juvenile library.** 
^^vangdical Sagastine. 

The History of a Family; 

Or, Beligion oar best Support. With an Blastrationby John Absoloh. 
Fcap. 8to., price 2<. 6d, cloth. 

** A natural and graoeftilly written story, pervaded by a tone of Scriptural piety, and 
wtaUerieuk^toftsterJui^ vjewe of life and duty. We hope It witt find its wtqr faito 



PUBLISHED BY GRANT AND CRIFFITH. 



Facts from 'the World of Nature; 

ANIMATE and INANIMATE. Part 1. The Earth. Part 2. The 
Waters. Part 8. Atmospheric Phenomena. Part 4. Animal Life. 
"By Mrs. Loudov. With numerous Illustrations on Wood, and a 
beaotiful Frontispiece engraved on SteeL Ecap. 8to., price fis. cloth. 

** A tolame as Qharmliv as it is ii86ftiL*'~-GltainA <mi{ Sft^ 

*' The young reader is conducted through each region of creation, and has its ohiaf woo- 
den unfolded to him by (me of the pleasantest of guides."— MoncAerfer Examiner* 

The First Book of Geography; 

Specially adapted as a Text Book for Beginners, and as a Guide to the 
Young Teacher. By Hu€K> Bbid, author of ** Elements of Astronomy,*' 
etc. Second Edition, revised. I8mo., price Is. sewed. 



" One of the most sensible little books on the subject of Geography we have 1 
—EducaUofuU Tima, 



kwith." 



Visits to Beech wood Farm ; 

Or, Country Pleasures, and Hints for Happiness addressed to ihe 
Yonng. By Cathbbine M. A Ck>uPBB. Four beautifiLl Illnstrations 
by Absolon. Small 4to., price Ss. 6c/., plain. 

" Well calculated to impress upon young readers the superiority of irimple and natural 
pleasures over those which are KrtiA<daL*'—EnglUhuf<miaH'» Magazine. 



MARIN DE LA VOYE'8 ELEMENTARY FRENCH WORKS. 

Les Jeunes Narrateurs; 

Ou Petits Contes Moraux. With a Key to the difficult words and 
phrases. 18mo., price 2s. cloth. 

The Pictorial French Grammar; 

For the Use of Children. With Eighty Illustrations. Boyal 16mo., 
price 2s. illuminated cloth. 

The Wonder Seeker; 

Or, The Bistatj of Charles Douglas. By M. F. Tttlbb, Author of 
** Tales of the Great and Brave."' With Illnstrations by Absolon. 
Second Edit. Fcap. 8vo., price 4s. 6d, cloth} 5s. 6dL, coloured, gilt edges. 

" Books such as these, are always delightfUl."--i4i%akettf». 

*' It is precisely the book that town boys would like, because it tells tiiem of the ooantty^ 
and country boys cherish, because it teaches them to ei\}oy, in the country, what pwhaps 
they never enjoyed before."— Jrf Union, 

Early Days of English Princes. 

By Mrs. KussELL Gbat. Dedicated hj permission to the Duchess of 
Eoxburghe. With Illustrations by Johk Frankldt. Small 4to., 
price 3s. 6(f., tinted plates, 4s. 6J., coloured. Cloth. 
** We cannot too hlgh^ reoommendits elegant style and moral tone.**-^2Xr^M9n Qaxette 



6 



NEW AND INTERESTING WORKS 



Glimpses of Nature; 

And Objects of Interest described dnnng a Visit to the Isle of Wight 
Designed to assist and encourage Tonng Persons in forming habits of 
observation. By Mrs. Loudon. Second Edition, with additional 
Illustrations, and a new Chapter on Shells. 16mo., price S$» Gd, doth. 

''W«ooaldiiotreoanimeiid a mora valuable little volnme. Itiflfii]lofiiifiannatiaii,oi>ii- 
T^jed in the most agreeable manner."— Lieerarjf Gazette, 

The Celestial Empire; 

or, Points and Pickings of Information about China and the Chinese. 
By the Author of "Paul Preston,** " Soldiers and Sailors,** etc. With 
Twenty Engravings. Fcap. 8vo., price 3«. 6<2., cloth. 

* This very handsome Tohnne contains an almost incredible amount of iaformatioiu'Vt 
andStaie'' 



aiurchaiMl& 



eOaxeite. 



The Silver Swan; , f 

A Fairy Tale. By Madame i>b Chatelain. Blustiated by Jobh 
Leech. Small 4to., price 35. 6cL plain; 4«. 6cL coloured. 

" The moralisinthe good, broad, unmistakeable style of the bestfaiiy pexiod.**-^Affienatm. 
** The story is written with excellent taste and sly hniaf>va."—AUa$. y 

Home Amusements. 

A Collection of Biddies, Charades, Connndrums, Parlour Games^ and 
Forfeits. New Edition, with Frontispiece. Price 2^. 6<i. cloth. 

Soldiers and Sailors ; 

Or, Anecdotes, Details, and Becollections of Naval and Military Ufe, 
as related to his Nephews. By An Old Offices. Fcap., 5s. cloth. 
With 50 heautiful Woodcuts, from Designs by John Gilbert. 

" Gheerflilly do we award the meed of praise to this volume. It is the best book of its 
class we have yet read, containing a rich fiind of interesting amusement for the jovng, and 
is not without its attractions for those of more mature age. '— United Service Gazette, 

WORKS BY THE AUTHOR OF MAMMA'S BIBLE STORIES. 

Fanny and her Mamma ; 

Or, Lessons for Children. In which it is attempted to bring Scriptural. 
Principles into daily practice; with Hints on Nursery Discipline, B-l 
lustrated by J. Qilbert. Second Editipn. 16mo., price 2s, ^, doth; 
3«. 6dL cc^oured, gilt edges. 

Bible Scenes ; 

Or, Sunday Employment for Very Little Children. Consisting oT 
Twelve Coloured niostrations on Cards, and the History written in 
Simple Language^ In a neat box. Price 3s, 6d,i or dissected as a 
Puzzle, price 6s, 6d, 

First Series.— HISTORY OF JOSEPH. 

Second Series -^HISTORY OF OUR SAVIOUR. 

Third Series.— HISTORY OF MOSES. 

Fourth Series.— THE MIRACLES OF CHRIST. 



PUBUSHCD BY GRANT AND QRIFFITH. 



Mamma's Bible Stories, 

F6r her little B078 and Girls. Eighth Edition. Twelve Engravings. 
3& 6d. doth. 

A Sequel to Mamma's Bible Stories, 

Third Edition. Twelve Engrayinga. Price d«. 6dL doth. 

Short and Simple Prayers, 

For the Use of Young Children. With Hymns. Third Edition. 
Square 16mo., price Is, 6d, cloth* 

** Well adapted to the eapacities of childreii~4>«gin]|hig with the simplest forms which 
the joungest child may )isp at its mother's knee, and proceeding with those suited to its 
gradiMiHy advandnx age. Spedal prayers, designed for particular circumstances and 
^ occasions, are added. We cordially recommend the book."— CftrMliaoi Ottardian. 

The Young Jewess and her Christian School-fellows. 

*' By the Anthor of ** Rhoda," etc. With a Frontispiece by J. Gilbert. 

16nio., price Is. 6dl cloth. 
■'*^ Peculiaxfy adapted to imnress upon the minds of young persons the powerful efficacy 

Rhoda; 

Or, The Excellence of Charity. Third Edition. With Three Dlufi- 
trations by Williams. Square 16mo., price 2s. cloth. 



** Not only adapted for children, but many parents might derive great advantage fhnn 
8tud(ying ks simple truthsi "—CAurcft and State Gazette, 

Stories from the Old and New Testaments, 

On an improved plan. By the Bev. B. H. Drapes. With 48 En- 
gravings. Fifth Edition. Price 5s. cloth. 

Wars of the Jews, 

As related by Josephus; adapted to the Capacities of Tonng Persons, 
and illustrated with 24 Engravings. Fifth Edition. Price 4s. 6d cU 

True Stories from Ancient History, 

Chronologically arranged from the Creation of the World to the Death 
of Charlemagne. By the Author of " Always Hiappy,'' etc. lUeventh 
Edit. 24 Engravings. 12mo. Price 5s. cloth. 

True Stories from Modern History, 

Chronologically arranged from the Death of Charlemagne to the Tear 
~ 1849. Seventh Edit. 24 Engravings. 12mo., 5s. clo£. 

True Stories from English History, 

Chronologically arranged from the Invasion of the Bomans to the 
Present Time. Sixth Edit. 36 Engravings. 5s. cloth. 



8 WORKS PUBLISHED BY GRANT AND QRIFFITH. 

Trimmer's Concise History of England^ 

With a Contixniatioii to the Bagn of Victoria^ by Min. Milhsr, Author 
of ^'lafeofDeanMihier/'etc. With lUustratioiis. New and Cheaper 
Edition. In one volume, fcap. 8to., price 5«. cloth* 

First Steps in Scottish History, 

By M188 RODWELL, Author of " First Steps to English mstoiy," etc. 
With 10 niastrations by Wbioaix. 3m. €d doth; 4«. 6dL eoloured. 

The Prince of Wales' Primer. 

Dedicated to her Majesty Queen Victoria. New Edition, with 300 
EngrayingB. Price 6aL; or Title, Fxontiflpieoe, and Cover printed in 
Gold and Colonn, l«. 

Anecdotes of Kings. 

Selected from Blstory; or, Gertrude's Stories for Children. New Edi- 
tion. With Engravings, 2s. Sd. plain; Ss. 6d. coloured. 

Bible Illustrations ; 

Or, a Description of Manners and Customs peculiar to the East, and 
especially ^biplanatoiy of the H0I7 Scriptures. By the Rev. B. H. 
Drafbb. With Illustrationa Eourth Edition. Revised by Dr. Kitto, 
Editor of ** The Pictorial Bible." Price 4*. cloth. 

The British History briefly told, 

and a Description of the Ancient Customs, Sports, and Pastimes of the 
EngUdi. With full-length Portraits of the Sovereigns in their proper 
Costumes, and 18 other Engravings. Price 4s, 6d. doth. 

Facts to correct Fancies ; 

Or, Short Narratives compiled from the Biography of BemarkaUe 
Women. By aMoTHSB. With Engravings, 3«.6(t plain; 4s. 6d. coloured. 

Key to Knowledge; 

Or, Things in Common Use simply and shortly Expbuned. By a 
MoTHEB, Author of ** Always Happv,** etc. Twelfth Edition. With 
numerous Blustrations. Price Ss. 6a. coloured. 

The Mine; ^ 

Or, Subterranean Wonders. An Account of the Operations of tiie 
Miner and the Products of his Labours. By the late Bev. Isaac Tatlos. 
Sixth Edition. With Corrections and Additions by Mrs. LouDOir. 
45 new Woodcuts and Sted Engravings. Price 4s. doth. 

The Ship ; 

A Description of diflerent'kinds of Vessels, the Origin of Ship-building, 
a Brief Sketch of Naval Affairs, with the Distinctive Flags of diiferent 
Nations, and numerous illustrative Engravings. By the late Rev. 
Isaac Tati^b. Fifth Edition. Edited by M. H. Babkeb, Esq.. 
"The Old Sailor." Price 4«. doth. -^ -^f 

WBKTBSIMS& AMD CO., t>KiVSBM« PIKSVVftT CZMVl. 



I >>D ^ * im^ 



