[i 



.: ; 



.. , 










^Oi\rV 



mV&VPMR-, 




l«lfli»nBi';l,?'"'"iEs 



3 3333 01195 5107 



«E:l*n»l?.) 



^q<6 ^ f^icirM 



Digitized by the Internet Archive 

in 2007 with funding from 

IVIicrosoft Corporation 



http://www.archive.org/details/englishfairytaleOOrhys 



TALES 

FOR 

CHILDREN 

FROM 

MANY LANDS 
EDITED BY F. C. TILNEY 




The Knight was filled with envy. 




LONDON : J. M. DENT & SONS LIMITED 
NEW YORK: E. P. BUTTON ^ COMPANY 



Ai^^i^^ 



All fi'gki f&ierrht'l 






INTRODUCTION 

The tales in this book have been chosen from many 
sources, which represent the old haunts of people, fairy- 
tale people, like Mother Hubba-rd and Simple Simon, who 
figure in rhyme or legend. /,,/ 

Some of these' talcs have been forgotten, and some 
have been lost or long-buried ; and there are several 
that may seem hew to you who read them here to-day. 
Such a story is that of the elfin Green Knight, which is 
a case of a delightful old fairy-tale that grew into as 
delightful a romance. A romance indeed is little else than 
a fairy-tale for older folk. The romancers ** swapped " 
(as schoolboys say) their good things, and in this way we 
get a story like that of King Arthur and the Giant of St. 
Michael's Mount, which comes from the noble old roman- 
cer. Sir Thomas Malory. For a fairy-tale, like a cat, 
has nine lives ; it can pass into many queer shapes, and 
yet not die. You may cut off its head, or drown it in 
sentiment or sea-water, or tie a moral to its tail ; but 
it will still survive, and be found sitting safe by the fire 
some winter night. 

In some cases, north-country and other friends have 
helped me to find new versions of old favourites like 

5 



6 ENGLISH FAIRY TALES 

^' The Lambton Worm/' Every change in these tales 
has been made with a real regard for the jealous love that 
children feel for their favourites ; and so the literary 
touches added by some earlier collectors have been got 
rid of here, and the simpler colours of folk-lore and 
nursery-lore restored. 

That old favourite, " Jack the Giant-Killer/* has been 
included in a version collated by Mrs. Grace Rhys from 
sundry old chap-books. 

E. R. 



CONTENTS 



PAGE 

Jack the Giant-Killer 9 

The History of Tom Thumb 24 

The Imp Tree ....,.,,♦ 34 

The Three Bears ♦ 37 

" Tom Tit Tot " 42 

The Lambton Worm 49 

The Fairy Horn 54 

The Pixy Flower . ♦ . 56 

Tom Hickathrift 59 

The Black Bull of Norroway ...... 65 

The Green Knight ........ 69 

Robin Goodfellow ........ 90 

The Princess of Colchester . . ♦ . . . -97 

Lazy Jack 102 

The Giant of Saint Michael's 105 

Jack and the Bean-stalk no 

Dick Whittington and His Cat 119 



LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS 

The Knight was filled with Envy • • . Frontispiece 

A huge and monstrous Giant with three Heads ♦ Facing page 14 

She dreamt that two fair Knights came to Her Side „ 34 

" My Darter spun five Skeins To-day " . . „ 47 

" Far hae I sought Ye, near am I brought to Ye, 
Dear Duke of Norroway, will Ye no turn and 

SPEAK TO Me !* " „ 65 

The Green Knight entered the Hall ... ,,80 

He fell in Love with Her at Sight . . . ,, loi 

He fell in a Slumbering, and dreamed a marvellous 

Dream ........ ,,108 



^ 


^^w? 


^^w 




^g 


!i^ 


^S 


>v-l 1^- 


£^^ Sw 


r^ 


— N ~ 


> v^ 


^^^r^ 


=^^ 


^^^r 




^^ 




^5^=^ 


^^^^ 


1^ 


^ X'^'^ 


\ f€ 






^ 


^^ 




w 


^ 




♦ 




ii- 



JACK THE GIANT-KILLER 



In the reign of King Arthur, there lived in the county of 
Cornwall, near the Land's End of England, a wealthy 
farmer who had one only son called Jack. He was brisk 
and of a ready lively wit, so that whatever he could not 
perform by force and strength, he did by his quick wit and 
cleverness. Never was any person heard of that could 
worst him, and he very often even baffled wise men by his 
sharp and ready invention. 

In those days the Mount of Cornwall was kept by a 
huge and monstrous giant of eighteen feet in height, and 
about three yards in girth, of a fierce and grim face, the 
terror of all the towns and villages near. He lived in a 
cave in the midst of the mount, and would not suffer any 
one else to live near him. His food was other men's cattle, 
which often became his prey, for whensoever he wanted 
food he would wade over to the mainland, where he would 
furnish himself with whatever came in his way. The 
good folk, at his approach, forsook their homes, while he 

9 



lo ]ACK THE GIANT-KILLER 

seized on their cattle, making nothing of carrying half-a- 
dozen oxen on his back at a time ; and as for their sheep 
and hogs, he would tie them round his waist like a bunch 
of bandeliers. This course he had followed for many 
years, so that all Cornwall had become poor through his 
robberies. 

One day Jack, happening to be present at the town hall 
when the magistrates were sitting in council about the 
giant, asked what reward would be given to the person 
who destroyed him. The giant's treasure, they said, was 
the reward. Quoth Jack, ** Then let me undertake it.'* 

So he took a horn, shovel, and pickaxe, and went over 
to the Mount in the beginning of a dark winter's evening, 
when he fell to work, and before morning had dug a pit 
twenty-two feet deep, and nearly as broad, covering it over 
with long sticks and straw. Then strewing a little mould 
upon it, it appeared like plain ground. This done, Jack 
placed himself on the contrary side of the pit, farthest from 
the giant's lodging, and, just at the break of day, he put 
the horn to his mouth, and blew, Tantivy, Tantivy. The 
unexpected noise aroused the giant, who rushed from his 
cave, crying : " You bold villain, are you come here to 
disturb my rest ^ You shall pay dearly for this. Satis- 
faction I will have, and this it shall be, I will take you whole 
and broil you for breakfast," which he had no sooner 
uttered, than tumbling into the pit, he made the very 
foundations of the Mount to shake. '* Oh, giant," quoth 
Jack, '' where are you now < Oh faith, you are gotten 
now into Lob's Pound, where I will surely plague you for 
your wicked words : what do you think now of broiling 
me for your breakfast < Will no other diet serve you but 
poor Jack < " Thus having teased the giant for a while, 



JACK THE GIANT-KILLER ii 

he gave him a most weighty knock with his pickaxe on the 
very crown of his head, and killed him on the spot. 

This done, Jack filled up the pit with earth, and went 
to search the cave, which he found contained much 
treasure. When the magistrates heard of this, they said 
he should henceforth be called Jack the Giant-killer, and 
gave him a sword and an embroidered belt, on which were 
written these words in letters of gold — 

*' Here's the right valiant Cornishman, 
Who slew the giant Cormelian/' 

The news of Jack's victory soon spread over all the West 
of England, so that another giant, named Blunderbore, 
hearing of it, vowed to be revenged on the little hero, if 
ever it was his fortune to light on him. This giant was the 
lord of an enchanted castle standing in the midst of a lone- 
some wood. Now Jack, about four months afterwards, 
walking near this wood in his journey to Wales, being 
weary, seated himself near a pleasant fountain and fell fast 
asleep. While he was enjoying his repose, the giant, 
coming for water, there found him, and knew him to be 
the far-famed Jack by the lines written on the belt. With- 
out ado, he took Jack on his shoulders and carried him 
towards his enchanted castle. Now, as they passed 
through a thicket, the rustling of the boughs awakened 
Jack, who was strangely surprised to find himself in the 
clutches of the giant. His terror was not yet begun, for 
on entering the castle, he saw the ground strewed with 
human bones, the giant telling him his own would ere long 
be there also. After this the giant locked poor Jack in an 
immense chamber, leaving him there while he went to fetch 
another giant living in the same wood to help him to put 



12 JACK THE GIANT-KILLER 

an end to Jack. While he was gone, dreadful shrieks and 
cries affrighted Jack, especially a voice which said many 
times — 

'* Do what you can to get away, 
Or you'll become the giant's prey ; 
He's gone to fetch his brother, who 
Will kill, likewise devour you too." 

This dreadful noise had almost distracted Jack, who, 
going to the window, beheld afar off the two giants coming 
towards the castle. '* Now," quoth Jack to himself, ** my 
death or my escape is at hand." Now, there were strong 
cords in a corner of the room in which Jack was, and two 
of these he took, and made a strong noose at the end ; and 
while the giants were unlocking the iron gate of the castle 
he threw the ropes over each of their heads. Then draw- 
ing the other ends across a beam, and pulling with all his 
might, he throttled them. Then, seeing they were black 
in the face, and sliding down the rope, he came to their 
heads, when they could not defend themselves, and draw- 
ing his sword, slew them both. Then, taking the giant's 
keys, and unlocking the rooms, he found three fair ladies 
tied by the hair of their heads, almost starved to death. 
'* Sweet ladies," quoth Jack, ** I have killed this monster 
and his brutish brother, and so set you free." This said, 
he gave them the keys, and so went on his journey to 
Wales. Having but little money, Jack found it well to 
make the best of his way by travelling as fast as he could, 
but losing his road, he was benighted, and could not get a 
place to rest in until, coming into a narrow valley, he found 
a large house, and by reason of his present needs took 
courage to knock at the gate. But what was his surprise 



]ACK THE GIANT-KILLER 13 

when there came forth a monstrous giant with two heads ; 
yet he did not appear so fiery as the others were, for he was 
a Welsh giant, and what he did was by private and secret 
malice under the false show of friendship. Jack, having 
told his state to the giant, was shown into a bedroom, where, 
in the dead of night, he heard his host muttering — 

'* Though here you lodge with me this night. 
You shall not see the morning light : 
My club shall dash your brains outright ! " 

*' Say'st thou so $* " quoth Jack ; ** that is like one of your 
Welsh tricks, yet I hope to be cunning enough for you/* 
Then, getting out of bed, he laid a billet of wood in the 
bed in his stead, and hid himself in a corner of the room. 
At the dead time of the night in came the Welsh giant, who 
struck several heavy blows on the bed with his club, 
thinking he had broken every bone in Jack^s skin. The 
next morning Jack, laughing in his sleeve, gave him hearty 
thanks for his night's lodging. '* How have you rested i *' 
quoth the giant ; '* did you not feel anything in the night ^ *' 
** No,** quoth Jack, *' nothing but a rat, which gave me two 
or three slaps with her tail.*' With that, greatly wondering, 
the giant led Jack to breakfast, bringing him a bowl con- 
taining four gallons of hasty pudding. Being loath to let 
the giant think it too much for him. Jack put a large leather 
bag under his loose coat, in such a way that he could convey 
the pudding into it without its being seen. Then, telling 
the giant he would show him a trick, taking a knife. Jack 
ripped open the bag, and out came all the hasty pudding. 
Whereupon, saying, ** Odds splutters, hur can do that 
trick hurself,** the monster took the knife, and ripping 
open his body, fell down dead. 



14 JACK THE GIANT-KILLER 

Now, it fell in these days that King Arthur's only son 
begged his father to give him a large sum of money, in 
order that he might go and seek his fortune in the country 
of Wales, where lived a beautiful lady possessed with seven 
evil spirits* The king did his best to persuade his son 
from it, but in vain ; so at last granted the request, and the 
prince set out with two horses, one loaded with money, the 
other for himself to ride upon. Now, after several days' 
travel, he came to a market-town in Wales, where he 
beheld a vast crowd of people gathered together. The 
prince asked the reason of it, and was told that they had 
arrested a corpse for several large sums of money which 
the dead man owed when he died. The prince replied 
that it was a pity creditors should be so cruel, and said, 
** Go bury the dead, and let his creditors come to my 
lodging, and there their debts shall be paid." So they 
came, but in such great numbers that before night he had 
almost left himself moneyless. 

Now Jack the Giant-killer, coming that way, was so 
taken with the generosity of the prince, that he wished to be 
his servant. This being agreed upon, the next morning 
they set forward on their journey together, when, as they 
were riding out of the town, an old woman called after the 
prince, saying, ** He has owed me twopence these seven 
years ; pray pay me as well as the rest." Putting his hand 
to his pocket, the prince gave the woman all he had left, 
so that after their day's refreshment, which cost what small 
spell Jack had by him, they were without a penny between 
them. When the sun began to grow low, the king's son 
said, ** Jack, since we have no money, where can we lodge 
this night i " But Jack replied, *' Master, we'll do well 
enough, for I have an uncle lives within two miles of this 




A huge and Monstrous Giant with three heads. 



JACK THE GIANT-KILLER 15 

place ; he is a huge and monstrous giant with three heads ; 
he'll fight five hundred men in armour, and make them to 
fly before him/' ** Alas ! " quoth the prince, ** what shall 
we do there $' Hell certainly chop us up at a mouthful. 
Nay, we are scarce enough to fill one of his hollow teeth ! "" 
** It is no matter for that,'' quoth Jack ; '' I myself will go 
before and prepare the way for you ; therefore tarry and 
wait till I return." Jack then rode away full speed, and 
coming to the gate of the castle, he knocked so loud that 
he made the hills around to echo. The giant roared out 
at this Hke thunder, ** Who's there i " He was answered, 
*' None but your poor Cousin Jack." Quoth he, *' What 
news with my poor Cousin Jack i " He replied, " Dear 
Uncle, heavy news, God wot ! " ** Prithee," quoth the 
giant, ** what heavy news can come to me ^ I am a giant 
with three heads, and besides thou knowest I can fight 
five hundred men in armour, and make them fly like chaff 
before the wind." '* Oh, but," quoth Jack, ** here's the 
king's son a-coming with a thousand men in armour to 
kill you and destroy all that you have ! " ** Oh, Cousin 
Jack," said the giant, '' this is heavy news indeed ! I will 
immediately run and hide myself, and thou shalt lock, bolt, 
and bar me in, and keep the keys until the prince is gone." 
Having secured the giant. Jack fetched his master, when 
they made themselves heartily merry whilst the poor giant 
lay trembling in a vault under the ground. 

Early in the morning Jack furnished his master with a 
fresh supply of gold and silver, and then sent him three 
miles forward on his journey, at which time the prince was 
pretty well out of the smell of the giant. Jack then returned, 
and let the giant out of the vault, who asked what he should 
give him for keeping the castle safe. '' Why," quoth Jack,. 



i6 JACK THE GIANT-KILLER 

'* I desire nothing but the old coat and cap, together with 
the old rusty sword and slippers which are at your bed's 
head.** Quoth the giant, ** Thou shalt have them ; and 
pray keep them for my sake, for they are things of excellent 
use. The coat will keep you invisible, the cap will furnish 
you with knowledge, the sword cuts asunder whatever you 
strike, and the shoes are of extraordinary swiftness. These 
may be useful to you, therefore take them with all my 
heart." Taking them, Jack thanked his uncle, and then 
having overtaken his master, they quickly arrived at the 
house of the lady the prince sought, who, finding the 
prince to be a suitor, prepared a splendid banquet for him. 
After the feasting was done, she wiped his mouth with a 
handkerchief, saying, ** You must show me that hand- 
kerchief to-morrow morning, or else you will lose your 
head." With that she put it in her bosom. The prince 
went to bed in great sorrow, but Jack's cap of knowledge 
taught him how it was to be got. In the middle of the 
night she called upon her familiar spirit to carry her to 
Lucifer. But Jack put on his coat of darkness and his shoes 
of swiftness, and was there as soon as she. When she 
entered the place of the evil one, she gave the handkerchief 
to old Lucifer, who laid it upon a shelf, whence Jack took 
it and brought it to his master, who showed it to the lady 
the next day, and so saved his life. On that day, she 
saluted the prince, telling him he must show her the lips 
to-morrow morning that she kissed last night, or lose his 
head. *' Ah," he replied, " if you kiss none but mine, I 
will." " That is neither here nor there," said she ; ** if 
you do not, death's your portion ! " At midnight she 
went as before, and was angry with old Lucifer for letting 
the handkerchief go. " But now," quoth she, '' I will be 



]ACK THE GIANT-KILLER 17 

too hard for the king's son, for I will kiss thee, and he is to 
show me thy lips/* Which she did, and Jack, who was 
standing by, cut off the devil's head and brought it under 
his invisible coat to his master, who the next morning 
pulled it out by the horns before the lady. The enchant- 
ment thus broken the evil spirit left her, and she appeared 
in all her beauty. They were married the next morning,, 
and soon after went to the court of King Arthur, where 
Jack, for his many great deeds, was made one of the 
Knights of the Round Table. 

Having been successful in all he did. Jack resolved not to 
remain idle, but to do what he could for the honour of his 
king and country, and begged King Arthur to fit him out 
with a horse and money to help him to travel in search of 
strange and new adventures. *' For,*' said he, ** there are 
many giants yet living in the farthest part of Wales, to the 
great damage of your majesty's liege subjects ; wherefore, 
may it please you to encourage me, I do not doubt but in 
a short time to cut them off root and branch, and so rid 
all the realm of those giants and monsters of nature." 
When the king had heard this noble request, he furnished 
Jack with all he had need of, and Jack started on his pursuit, 
taking with him the cap of knowledge, the sword of sharp- 
ness, the shoes of swiftness, and the invisible coat, the 
better to succeed in the dangerous adventures which now 
lay before him. 

Jack travelled over vast hills and wonderful mountains, 
and on the third day came to a large wood, which he had 
no sooner entered than he heard dreadful shrieks and cries. 
Casting his eyes round, he beheld with terror a huge giant 
dragging along a fair lady and a knight by the hair of their 
heads, with as much ease as if they had been a pair of gloves. 

B 



1 8 JACK THE GIANT-KILLER 

At this sight Jack shed tears of pity, and then, getting off 
from his horse, he put on his invisible coat, and taking with 
him his sword of sharpness, at length with a swinging stroke 
cut off both the giant's legs below the knee, so that his fall 
made the trees to tremble. At this the courteous knight 
and his fair lady, after returning Jack their hearty thanks, 
invited him home, there to refresh his strength after the 
batde, and receive some ample reward for his good services. 
But Jack vowed he would not rest until he had found out 
the giant's den. The knight, hearing this, was very 
sorrowful, and replied, " Noble stranger, it is too much to 
run a second risk ; this monster lived in a den under 
yonder mountain, with a brother more fierce and fiery than 
himself. Therefore, if you should go thither, and perish 
in the attempt, it would be a heart-breaking to me and my 
lady. Let me persuade you to go with us, and desist from 
any further pursuit." *' Nay," quoth Jack, *' were there 
twenty, not one should escape my fury. But when I have 
finished my task, I will come and pay my respects to you." 
Jack had not ridden more than a mile and a half, when 
the cave mentioned by the knight appeared to view, near 
the entrance of which he beheld the giant sitting upon a 
block of timber, with a knotted iron club by his side. 
waiting, as he supposed, for his brother's return with his 
prey. His goggle eyes were like flames of fire, his face 
grim and ugly, and his cheeks like a couple of large flitches 
of bacon, while the bristles of his beard resembled rods of 
iron wire, and the locks that hung down upon his brawny 
shoulders were like curled snakes or hissing adders. Jack 
alighted from his horse, and putting on the coat of dark- 
ness, approached near the giant, saying softly, '' Oh ! 
are you there ^ It will not be long ere I shall take you 



ACK THE GIANT-KILLER 19 

fast by the beard." The giant all this while could not see 
him on account of his invisible coat, so that Jack, coming 
up close to the monster, struck a blow with his sword at his 
head, but missing his aim he cut off the nose instead. At 
this the giant roared like claps of thunder, and began to 
lay about him with his iron club like one stark mad. But 
Jack, running behind, drove his sword up to the hilt in 
the giant's back, which caused him to fall down dead. 
This done. Jack cut off the giant's head, and sent it, with 
his brother's head also, to King Arthur, by a waggoner he 
hired for that purpose. 

Jack now resolved to enter the giants' cave in search of 
his treasure, and passing along through a great many wind- 
ings and turnings, he came at length to a large room paved 
with freestone, at the upper end of which was a boiling 
caldron, and on the right hand a large table, at which the 
giants used to dine. Then he came to a window, barred 
with iron, through which he looked and beheld a vast 
crowd of unhappy captives, who, seeing him, cried out, 
'* Alas ! young man, art thou come to be one amongst us in 
this miserable den ^^ " '* Ay," quoth Jack, ** but pray 
tell me why it is you are so imprisoned «* " '* We are 
kept here," said one, ** till such time as the giants have a 
wish to feast, and then the fattest among us is killed ! And 
many are the times they have dined upon murdered men ! " 
** Say you so $* " quoth Jack, and straightway unlocked the 
gate and let them free, who all rejoiced like condemned 
men at sight of a reprieve. Then searching the giants' 
coffers, he shared the gold and silver equally amongst 
them. 

It was about sunrise the next day when Jack, after seeing 
the captives on their way to their homes, mounted his horse 



20 JACK THE GIANT-KILLER 

to go on his journey^ and by the help of his directions, 
reached the knight's house about noon. He was received 
here with all signs of joy by the knight and his lady, who 
in respect to Jack prepared a feast which lasted many days, 
all the gentry in the neighbourhood being of the company. 
The worthy knight was likewise pleased to present him 
with a beautiful ring, on which was engraved a picture of 
the giant dragging the distressed knight and his lady, with 
this motto — 

** We are in sad distress you see, 
Under a giant's fierce command. 
But gain our lives and liberty 

By valiant Jack's victorious hand." 

But in the midst of all this mirth a messenger brought 
the dismal tidings that one Thunderdell, a giant with two 
heads, having heard of the death of his two kinsmen, came 
from the northern dales to be revenged on Jack, and was 
within a mile of the knight's seat, the country people flying 
before him like chaff. But Jack was no whit daunted, and 
said, ** Let him come ! I have a tool to pick his teeth ; and 
you, ladies and gentlemen, walk but forth into the garden, 
and you shall witness this giant Thunderdell's death and 
destruction." 

The house of this knight was in the midst of a small 
island with a moat thirty feet deep and twenty feet wide 
around it, over which lay a drawbridge. Wherefore Jack 
employed men to cut through this bridge on both sides, 
nearly to the middle ; and then, dressing himself in his 
invisible coat, he marched against the giant with his sword 
of sharpness. Although the giant could not see Jack he 
smelt his approach, and cried out in these words — 



JACK THE GIANT-KILLER 21 

** Fee, fi, fo, fum ! 

I smell the blood of an Englishman ! 
Be he alive or be he dead, 

I'll grind his bones to make me bread ! ** 

** Say'st thou sos"' said Jack ; ''then thou art a monstrous 
miller indeed ! ** At which the giant cried out again, 
'* Art thou that villain who killed my kinsmen i Then I 
will tear thee with my teeth, suck thy blood, and grind thy 
bones to powder/* ** You will catch me first,*' quoth 
Jack, and throwing off his invisible coat, so that the giant 
might see him, and putting on his shoes of swiftness, he 
ran from the giant, who followed like a walking castle, so 
that the very earth seemed to shake at every step» Jack led 
him a long dance, in order that the knights and ladies 
might see ; and at last, to end the matter, ran lightly over 
the drawbridge, the giant, in full speed, pursuing him 
with his club. Then, coming to the middle of the bridge, 
the giant's great weight broke it down, and he tumbled 
headlong into the water, where he rolled and wallowed like 
a whale. Jack, standing by the moat, laughed at him all 
the while ; but though the giant foamed to hear him scoff, 
and plunged from place to place in the moat, yet he could 
not get out to be revenged. Jack at length got a cart-rope 
and cast it over the two heads of the giant, and drew him 
ashore by a team of horses, and then cut off both his heads 
with his sword of sharpness, and sent them to King 
Arthur. 

After some time spent in mirth and pastime. Jack, taking 
leave of the knights and ladies, set out for new adventures. 
Through many woods he passed, and came at length to the 
foot of a high mountain. Here, late at night, he found a 



22 JACK THE GIANT-KILLER 

lonesome house, and knocked at the door, which was 
opened by an ancient man with a head as white as snow. 
** Father/* said Jack, " have you any place where a traveller 
may rest that has lost his way < *' " Yes/' said the old 
man ; '* you are right welcome to my poor cottage." 
Whereupon Jack entered, and down they sat together, and 
the old man began to speak as follows : — *' Son, I know 
you are the great conqueror of giants, and behold, my son, 
on the top of this mountain is an enchanted castle, kept 
by a giant named Galligantus, who, by the help of an old 
conjuror, betrays knights and ladies into his castle, where, 
by magic art, they are transformed into many shapes and 
forms ; but above all, I weep for the fate of a duke's 
daughter, whom they fetched from her father's garden, 
carrying her through the air in a burning chariot drawn by 
fiery dragons, and then shut her up within the castle, and 
transformed her into the shape of a white hind. And 
though many knights have tried to break the enchantment, 
and set her free, yet no one could do it on account of two 
dreadful griffins which are placed at the castle gate, and 
which destroy every one who comes near. But you, my 
son, having an invisible coat, may pass by them unseen. 
There you will find written on the gates of the castle in 
large letters by what means the enchantment may be 
broken/' The old man having ended. Jack gave him his 
hand, and promised that in the morning he would venture 
his life to free the lady. 

In the morning Jack arose and put on his invisible cloak 
and magic cap and shoes, and prepared himself for the task. 
When he had reached the top of the mountain, he soon 
saw the two fiery griffins, but passed them without fear, 
because of his invisible coat, and having passed beyond 



JACK THE GIANT-KILLER 23 

them, he found upon the gates of the castle a golden 
trumpet hung by a silver chain, under which these lines 
were written — 

*' Whoever shall this trumpet blow, 
Shall soon the giant overthrow. 
And break the black enchantment straight ; 
So all shall be in happy state.*' 

Jack had no sooner read this but he blew the trumpet, 
at which the castle trembled to its vast foundations, and 
the giant and conjuror were in horrid fear, biting their 
thumbs and tearing their hair, knowing their wicked reign 
was at an end. Then the giant, stooping to take up his 
club. Jack at one blow cut off his head ; whereupon the 
conjuror, mounting up into the air, was carried away in a 
whirlwind. Thus was the enchantment broken, and all the 
lords and ladies who had so long been transformed into 
birds and beasts returned to their proper shapes, and the 
castle vanished away in a cloud of smoke. This being 
done, the head of Galligantus was likewise, in the usual 
manner, brought to the court of King Arthur, where, the 
very next day. Jack followed with the knights and ladies 
who had been so happily set free. Whereupon, as a 
reward for his good services, the king bade the duke give 
his daughter in marriage to honest Jack. So married they 
were, and the whole kingdom was filled with joy at the 
wedding. Furthermore, the king bestowed on Jack a 
noble dwelling, with very beautiful lands thereto belong- 
ing, where he and his lady lived in great joy and happiness 
all the rest of their days. 




It is said that in the days of the famed Prince Arthur, who 
was king of Britain, in the year 516 there lived a great 
magician, called Merlin, the most learned and skilful 
enchanter in the world at that time. 

This great magician, who could assume any form he 
pleased, was travelling in the disguise of a poor beggar, 
and being very much fatigued, he stopped at the cottage of 
an honest ploughman to rest himself, and asked for some 
refreshment. 

The countryman gave him a hearty welcome, and his 
wife, who was a very good-hearted, hospitable woman, 

24 



THE HISTORY OF TOM THUMB 25 

soon brought him some milk in a wooden bowl, and some 
coarse brown bread on a platter. 

Merlin was much pleased with this homely repast and 
the kindness of the ploughman and his wife ; but he could 
not help seeing that though everything was neat and com- 
fortable in the cottage, they seemed both to be sad and 
much cast down. He therefore questioned them on the 
cause of their sadness, and learned that they were miserable 
because they had no children. 

The poor woman declared, with tears in her eyes, that 
she should be the happiest creature in the world if she had 
a son ; and although he was no bigger than her husband's 
thumb, she would be satisfied. 

Merlin was so much amused with the idea of a boy no 
bigger than a man's thumb, that he made up his mind to 
pay a visit to the queen of the fairies, and ask her to grant 
the poor woman's wish. The droll fancy of such a little 
person among the human race pleased the fairy queen too, 
greatly, and she promised Merlin that the wish should be 
granted. Accordingly, in a short time after, the plough- 
man's wife had a son, who, wonderful to relate, was not a 
bit bigger then his father's thumb. 

The fairy queen, wishing to see the little fellow thus 
born into the world, came in at the window while the 
mother was sitting up in bed admiring him. The queen 
kissed the child, and giving it the name of Tom Thumb, 
sent for some of the fairies, who dressed her little favourite 
as she bade them. 

** An oak-leaf hat he had for his crown ; 
His shirt of web by spiders spun ; 
With jacket wove of thistle's down ; 



26 THE HISTORY OF TOM THUMB 

His trowsers were of feathers done. 
His stockings, of apple-rind, they tie 
With eyelash from his mother's eye : 
His shoes were made of mouse's skin, 
Tann'd with the downy hair within/' 

It is remarkable that Tom never grew any larger than 
his father's thumb, which was only of an ordinary size ; 
but as he got older he became very cunning and full of 
tricks. When he was old enough to play with the boys, 
and had lost all his own cherry-stones, he used to creep 
into the bags of his playfellows, fill his pockets, and, getting 
out unseen, would again join in the game. 

One day, however, as he was coming out of a bag of 
cherry-stones, where he had been pilfering as usual, the 
boy to whom it belonged chanced to see him. '* Ah, ha ! 
my little Tommy," said the boy, '* so I have caught you 
stealing my cherry-stones at last, and you shall be rewarded 
for your thievish tricks." On saying this, he drew the 
string tight round his neck, and gave the bag such a hearty 
shake, that poor little Tom's legs, thighs, and body were 
sadly bruised. He roared out with pain, and begged to be 
let out, promising never to be guilty of such bad practices 
again. 

A short time afterwards his mother was making a batter- 
pudding, and Tom, being very anxious to see how it was 
made, climbed up to the edge of the bowl ; but unfor- 
tunately his foot slipped and he plumped over head and 
ears into the batter, unseen by his mother, who stirred him 
into the pudding-bag, and put him in the pot to boil. 

The batter had filled Tom's mouth, and prevented him 
from crying ; but, on feehng the hot water, he kicked and 



THE HISTORY OF TOM THUMB 27 

struggled so much in the pot, that his mother thought that 
the pudding was bewitched, and, instantly pulling it out 
of the pot, she threw it to the door. A poor tinker, who 
was passing by, lifted up the pudding, and, putting it into 
his budget, he then walked off. As Tom had now got his 
mouth clear of the batter, he then began to cry aloud, 
which so frightened the tinker that he flung down the 
pudding and ran away. The pudding being broke to 
pieces by the fall, Tom crept out covered over with the 
batter, and with difficulty walked home. His mother, 
who was very sorry to see her darling in such a woful state, 
put him into a tea-cup, and soon washed off the batter ; 
after which she kissed him, and laid him in bed. 

Soon after the adventure of the pudding, Tom's mother 
went to milk her cow in the meadow, and she took him 
along with her. As the wind was very high, fearing lest 
he should be blown away, she tied him to a thistle with a 
piece of fine thread. The cow soon saw the oak-leaf hat, 
and, liking the look of it, took poor Tom and the thistle at 
one mouthful. While the cow was chewing the thistle 
Tom was afraid of her great teeth, which threatened to 
crush him in pieces, and he roared out as loud as he could : 
'* Mother, mother ! " 

'' Where are you. Tommy, my dear Tommy ^ " said his 
mother. 

*' Here, mother," replied he, ** in the cow's mouth." 

His mother began to cry and wring her hands ; but the 
cow, surprised at the odd noise in her throat, opened her 
mouth and let Tom drop out. Fortunately his mother 
caught him in her apron as he was falling to the ground, or 
he would have been dreadfully hurt. She then put Tom 
in her bosom and ran home with him. 



28 THE HISTORY OF TOM THUMB 

Tom's father made him a whip of a barley straw to drive 
the cattle with, and having one day gone into the fields, he 
slipped a foot and rolled into the furrow, A raven, which 
was flying over, picked him up, and flew with him to the 
top of a giant's castle that was near the sea-side, and there 
left him. 

Tom was in a dreadful state, and did not know what to 
do ; but he was soon more dreadfully frightened ; for 
old Grumbo the giant came up to walk on the terrace, and 
seeing Tom, he took him up and swallowed him like a pilL 

The giant had no sooner swallowed Tom than he began 
to repent what he had done ; for Tom began to kick and 
jump about so much that he felt very uncomfortable, and 
at last threw him up again into the sea. A large fish 
swallowed Tom the moment he fell into the sea, which 
was soon after caught, and bought for the table of King 
Arthur. When they opened the fish in order to cook it, 
every one was astonished at finding such a little boy, and 
Tom was quite delighted to be out again. They carried 
him to the king, who made Tom his dwarf, and he soon 
grew a great favourite at Court ; for by his tricks and 
gambols he not only amused the king and queen, but also all 
the knights of the Round Table. 

It is said that when the king rode out on horseback, he 
often took Tom along with him, and if a shower came on, 
he used to creep into his majesty's waistcoat pocket, where 
he slept till the rain was over. 

King Arthur one day asked Tom about his parents, 
wishing to know if they were as small as he was, and 
whether rich or poor. Tom told the king that his father 
and mother were as tall as any of the sons about Court, 
but rather poor. On hearing this, the king carried Tom 



THE HISTORY OF TOM THUMB 29 

to his treasury, the place where he kept all his money, and 
told him to take as much money as he could carry home to 
his parents, which made the poor little fellow caper with 
joy, Tom went immediately to fetch a purse, which was 
made of a water-bubble, and then returned to the treasury, 
where he got a silver threepenny-piece to put into it. 

Our little hero had some trouble in lifting the burden 
upon his back ; but he at last succeeded in getting it 
placed to his mind, and set forward on his journey. How- 
ever, without meeting with any accident and after resting 
himself more than a hundred times by the way, in two days 
and two nights he reached his father's house in safety. 

Tom had travelled forty-eight hours with a huge silver- 
piece on his back, and was almost tired to death, when his 
mother ran out to meet him, and carried him into the house. 

Tom's parents were both happy to see him, and the 
more so as he had brought such an amazing sum of 
money with him ; but the poor little fellow was excessively 
wearied, having travelled half a mile in forty-eight hours, 
with a huge silver threepenny-piece on his back. His 
mother, in order to recover him, placed him in a walnut 
shell by the fireside, and feasted him for three days on a 
hazel-nut, which made him very sick ; for a whole nut 
used to serve him a month. 

Tom was soon well again ; but as there had been a fall 
of rain, and the ground was very wet, he could not travel 
back to King Arthur's Court ; therefore his mother, one 
day when the wind was blowing in that direction, made a 
little parasol of cambric paper, and tying Tom to it, she 
gave him a puff into the air with her mouth, which soon 
carried him to the king's palace. 

Just at the time when Tom came flying across the court- 



30 THE HISTORY OF TOM THUMB 

yard^ the cook happened to be passing with the king's great 
bowl of furmenty, which was a dish his majesty was very 
fond of ; but unfortunately the poor little fellow fell plump 
mto the middle of it^ and splashed the hot furmenty about 
the cook's face. 

The cook, who was an ill-natured fellow, being in a 
terrible rage at Tom for frightening and scalding him with 
the furmenty, went straight to the king, and said that Tom 
had jumped into the royal furmenty, and thrown it down 
out of mere mischief. The king was so enraged when he 
heard this that he ordered Tom to be seized and tried 
for high treason ; and there being no person who dared 
to plead for him, he was condemned to be beheaded 
immediately. 

On hearing this dreadful sentence pronounced, poor 
Tom fell a-trembling with fear, but, seeing no means of 
escape, and observing a miller close to him gaping with his 
great mouth, as country boobies do at a fair, he took a leap, 
and fairly jumped down his throat. This exploit was done 
with such activity that not one person present saw it, and 
even the miller did not know the trick which Tom had 
played upon him. Now, as Tom had disappeared, the 
court broke up, and the miller went home to his mill. 

When Tom heard the mill at work he knew he was clear 
of the court, and therefore he began to roll and tumble 
about, so that the poor miller could get no rest, thinking 
he was bewitched ; so he sent for a doctor. When the 
doctor came, Tom began to dance and sing ; and the 
doctor, being as much frightened as the miller, sent in haste 
for five other doctors and twenty learned men. 

When they were debating about this extraordinary case, 
the miller happened to yawn, when Tom, seizing the 



THE HISTORY OF TOM THUMB 31 

chance, made another jump, and alighted safely upon his 
feet on the middle of the table. 

The miller, who was very much provoked at being 
tormented by such a little pigmy creature, fell into a 
terrible rage, and, laying hold of Tom, ran to the king with 
him ; but his majesty, being engaged with state affairs, 
ordered him to be taken away, and kept in custody till he 
sent for him. 

The cook was determined that Tom should not slip out 
oi his hands this time, so he put him into a mouse-trap, 
and left him to peep through the wires. Tom had 
remamed in the trap a whole week, when he was sent for 
by King Arthur, who pardoned him for throwing down 
the furmenty, and took him again into favour. On account 
of his wonderful feats of activity, Tom was knighted by 
the king, and went under the name of the renowned Sir 
Thomas Thumb. As Tom's clothes had suffered much in 
the batter-pudding, the furmenty, and the insides of the 
giant, miller, and fishes, his majesty ordered that he should 
have a new suit of clothes, and be mounted as a knight. 

** Of butterfly's wings his shirt was made. 

His boots of chicken's hide ; 
And by a nimble fairy blade, 
Well learned in the tailoring trade, 

His clothing was supplied. — 
A needle dangled by his side ; 
A dapper mouse he used to ride. 
Thus strutted Tom in stately pride ! " 

It was certainly very diverting to see Tom in this dress, 
and mounted on the mouse, as he rode out a-hunting with 



32 THE HISTORY OF TOM THUMB 

the king and nobility, who were all ready to expire with 
laughter at Tom and his fine prancing charger. 

One day, as they were riding by a farmhouse, a large cat, 
which was lurking about the door, made a spring, and 
seized both Tom and his mouse. She then ran up a tree 
with them, and was beginning to devour the mouse ; but 
Tom boldly drew his sword, and attacked the cat so fiercely 
that she let them both fall, when one of the nobles caught 
him in his hat, and laid him on a bed of down, in a little 
ivory cabinet. 

The queen of the fairies came soon after to pay Tom a 
visit, and carried him back to Fairy-land, where he lived 
several years. During his residence there. King Arthur, 
and all the persons who knew Tom, had died ; and as he 
was desirous of being again at Court, the fairy queen, 
after dressing him in a suit of clothes, sent him flying 
through the air to the palace, in the days of King Thun- 
stone, the successor of Arthur. Every one flocked round to 
see him, and being carried to the king, he was asked who 
he was — whence he came — and where he lived «' Tom 
answered : — 

*' My name is Tom Thumb, 

From the fairies Tve come. 

When King Arthur shone. 

His Court was my home. 

In me he delighted. 

By him I was knighted ; 
Did you never hear of Sir Thomas Thumb 't ** 

The king was so charmed with this address that he 
ordered a little chair to be made, in order that Tom might 
sit upon his table, and also a palace of gold to live in, a 



THE HISTORY OF TOM THUMB 33 

span high, with a door an inch wide. He also gave him a 
coach, drawn by six small mice. 

The queen was so enraged at the honour paid to Sir 
Thomas that she resolved to ruin him, and told the king 
that the little knight had been saucy to her. 

The king sent for Tom in great haste, but being fully 
aware of the danger of royal anger, he crept into an empty 
snail-shell, where he lay for a long time, until he was almost 
starved with hunger ; but at last he ventured to peep out, 
and seeing a fine large butterfly on the ground, near his 
hiding-place, he approached very cautiously, and getting 
himself placed astride on it, was immediately carried up into 
the air. The butterfly flew with him from tree to tree and 
from field to field, and at last returned to the Court, where 
the king and nobility all strove to catch him ; but at last 
poor Tom fell from his seat into a watering-pot, in which 
he was almost drowned. 

When the queen saw him she was in a rage, and said he 
should be beheaded ; and he was again put into a mouse- 
trap until the time of his execution. 

However, a cat, observing something alive in the trap, 
patted it about till the wires broke, which set Tom at liberty. 

The king received Tom again into favour, which he did 
not live to enjoy, for a large spider one day attacked him ; 
and although he drew his sword and fought well, yet the 
spider's poisonous breath at last overcame him ; 

" He fell dead on the ground where he stood. 
And the spider suck'd every drop of his blood." 

King Thunstone and his Court were so sorry at the 
loss of their little favourite that they went into mourning 
and raised a fine white marble monument over his grave. 

c 



THE IMP TREE 

Once there was a King of Winchester called Orfeo, and 
dearly he loved his queen, Heurodis. She happened one 
hot afternoon in summer-time to be walking in the orchard, 
when she became very drowsy ; and she lay down under an 
imp tree/ and there she fell fast asleep. While she slept, 
she had a strange dream. She dreamt that two fair 
knights came to her side, and bade her come quickly with 
them to speak to their lord and king. But she answered 
them right boldly, that she neither dared nor cared to go 
with them. So the two knights went away ; but very 
quickly they returned, bringing their king with them, and 
a thousand knights in his train, and many beauteous 
ladies drest in pure white, riding on snow-white steeds. 
The king had a crown on his head, not of silver or red-gold, 
but all of precious stones that shone like the sun. By his 
side was led a lady's white palfrey that seemed to be pre- 
pared for some rider, for its saddle was empty. He com- 
manded that Heurodis should be placed upon this white 
steed, and thereupon the King of Faerie and his train of 
knights and white dames, and Heurodis beside him, rode 
off through a fair country with many flowery meads, fields, 
forests, and pleasant waters, where stood castles and towers 
amid the green trees. Fairest of all, on a green terrace 
overlooking many orchards and rose-gardens, stood the 
Faerie King's palace. When he had shown these things to 

' The " Imp Tree " is not, as you might suppose, a tree of the imps, 
but a tree on which a branch of another tree has been " imped " or grafted. 

34 




She dreamt that two fair knights came to her side. 



THE IMP TREE 35 

Heurodis^ he brought her back safe to the Imp Tree ; but 
he bade her^ on pain of death, meet him under the same 
tree on the morrow. 

Orfeo, when told the dream, resolved that on the morrow 
he and a thousand knights should stand armed round the 
Imp Tree to protect her from the Faerie King. And when 
the time came, there they stood likb a ring of living steel 
or a hedge of spears, to guard Heurodis. But in spite of 
all, she was snatched away under their very eyes ; and in 
vain were all their efforts to see which way she and her 
faerie captors were gone. 

Orfeo made search for his lost queen everywhere during 
many days, but no footstep of her was to be found in upper 
earth. And then in sorrow for her, and in utter despair, 
he left his palace at Winchester, gave up his throne, and 
went into the wilderness, carrying only a harp for com- 
panion. With its tunes, as he sang to it, sorrowing for 
Heurodis, the wild beasts were enchanted and often came 
round about him — yea, wolf and fox, bear and little squirrel 
— to hear him play. And there in the forest, Orfeo (as the 
old story-book says) : — ^ 

'' Often in hot undertides ^ 
Would see the Faerie King besides, 
The King of Faerie with his rout 
Hunt and ride all roundabout. 
With calls and elfin-horns that blew. 
And hounds that did reply thereto, 
But never pulled down hart or doe. 
And never arrow left the bow.*' 
And sometimes he saw the Faerie Host pass, as if to war, 
the knights with their swords drawn, stout and fierce of 
' Afternoons. 



36 THE IMP TREE 

face, and their banners flying. Other times he saw these 
faerie knights and ladies dance, dressed Hke guisers, with 
tabors beating and joyous trumpets blowing. And one day 
Orfeo saw sixty lovely ladies ride out to the riverside for 
falconry, each with her falcon on her bare hand, and in the 
very midst of them (oh wonder !) rode his lost queen, 
Heurodis. He determined at once to follow them ; and 
after flying their falcons they return through the forest at 
evening to a wild rocky place, where they ride into the rock 
through a rude cleft, overhung with brambles. They ride 
in, a league and more, till they come to the fairest country 
ever seen, where it is high midsummer and broad sunhght. 
In its midst stands a palace of an hundred towers, with 
walls of crystal, and windows coped and arched with gold. 
All that land was light, because when the night should come, 
the precious stones in the palace walls gave out a Hght as 
bright as noonday. Into this palace hall Orfeo entered, in 
the train of the ladies, and saw there the King of Faerie on 
his throne. The king was enraged at first when he saw 
the strange man enter with his harp. But Orfeo offers to 
play upon it, and Heurodis, when she hears, is filled with 
longing, while the Faerie King is so enchanted that he 
promises to Orfeo any gift he likes to ask out of all the 
riches of the faerie regions. But Orfeo, to this, has only 
one word to reply : '* Heurodis ! " 

The King of Faerie thereupon gives her back to Orfeo, 
and they return in great joy, hand in hand together, through 
the wilderness to Winchester, where they live and reign 
together for ever afterwards in peace and happiness. But 
let none who would not be carried away like Heurodis to 
the Faerie King's country dare to sleep in the undertide 
beneath the Imp Tree. 




Once upon a time there were Three Bears, who hved 
together in a house of their own, in a wood. One of them 
was a Little, Small, Wee Bear ; and one was a Middle- 
si2;ed Bear; and the other was a Great, Huge 
Bear. They had each a pot for their porridge ; a 
little pot for the Little, Small, Wee Bear ; and a middle- 
sized pot for the Middle Bear ; and a great pot for the 
Great, Huge Bear. And they had each a chair to sit in ; 
a little chair for the Little, Small, Wee Bear ; and a middle- 
sized chair for the Middle Bear ; and a great chair for the 
Great, Huge Bear. And they had each a bed to sleep in ; 
a little bed for the Little, Small, Wee Bear ; and a middle- 

37 



38 THE THREE BEARS 

sized bed for the Middle Bear ; and a great bed for the 
Great, Huge Bear. 

One day, after they had made the porridge for their 
breakfast, and poured it into their porridge-pots, they 
walked out into the wood while the porridge was cooling, 
that they might not burn their mouths by beginning too 
soon to eat it. And while they were walking, a little old 
Woman came to the house. She could not have been a 
good, honest old Woman ; for first she looked in at the 
window, and then she peeped in at the keyhole ; and seeing 
nobody in the house, she lifted the latch. The door was 
not fastened, because the Bears were good Bears, who did 
nobody any harm, and never suspected that anybody would 
harm them. So the little old Woman opened the door, and 
went in ; and well pleased she was when she saw the 
porridge on the table. If she had been a good little old 
Woman, she would have waited till the Bears came home ; 
and then, perhaps, they would have asked her to breakfast ; 
for they were good Bears, — a little rough or so, as the 
manners of Bears are, but for all that very good-natured 
and hospitable. But she was an impudent, bad old 
Woman, and set about helping herself. 

So first she tasted the porridge of the Great, Huge Bear, 
and that was too hot for her ; and she said a bad word 
about that. And then she tasted the porridge of the 
Middle Bear, and that was too cold for her ; and she said 
a bad word about that too. And then she went to the 
porridge of the Little, Small, Wee Bear, and tasted that ; 
and that was neither too hot, nor too cold, but just right ; 
and she liked it so well that she ate it all up : but the 
naughty old Woman said a bad word about the little 
porridge-pot, because it did not hold enough for her. 



THE THREE BEARS 39 

Then the little old Woman sate down in the chair of 
the Great, Huge Bear, and that was too hard for her. 
And then she sate down in the chair of the Middle Bear, 
and that was too soft for her. And then she sate down in 
the chair of the Little, Small, Wee Bear, and that was 
neither too hard, not too soft, but just right. So she 
seated herself in it, and there she sate till the bottom of 
the chair came out, and down came she plump upon the 
ground. And the naughty old Woman said a wicked 
word about that too. 

Then the little old Woman went upstairs into the bed- 
chamber in which the three Bears slept. And first she 
lay down upon the bed of the Great, Huge Bear ; but that 
was too high at the head for her. And next she lay down 
upon the bed of the Middle Bear ; and that was too high 
at the foot for her. And then she lay down upon the bed 
of the Little, Small, Wee Bear ; and that was neither too 
high at the head, nor at the foot, but just right. So she 
covered herself up comfortably and fell fast asleep. 

By this time the three Bears thought their porridge 
would be cool enough ; so they came home to breakfast. 
Now the little old Woman had left the spoon of the Great, 
Huge Bear standing in his porridge. 

''Somebobp bas \)tc\K at m^ por^^(}c!" 

said the Great, Huge Bear, in his great, rough, gruff voice. 
And when the Middle Bear looked at his, he saw that the 
spoon was standing in it too. They were wooden spoons ; 
if they had been silver ones, the naughty old Woman would 
have put them in her pocket. 

** SOMEBODY HAS BEEN AT MY PORRIDGE ! " 

said the Middle Bear, in his middle voice. 



40 THE THREE BEARS 

Then the Little, Small, Wee Bear looked at his, and 
there was the spoon in the porridge-pot, but the porridge 
was all gone, 

** Somebody has been at my porridge^ and has eaten it all up ! " 
said the Little, Small, Wee Bear, in his little, small, wee 
voice. 

Upon this the Three Bears, seeing that some one had 
entered their house, and eaten up the Little, Small, Wee 
Bear's breakfast, began to look about them. Now the 
little old Woman had not put the hard cushion straight 
when she rose from the chair of the Great, Huge Bear. 

'*Somebo^p bas been sitting \\\ mp cbair!" 

said the Great, Huge Bear, in his great, rough, gruff voice. 
And the little old Woman had squatted down the soft 
cushion of the Middle Bear. 

*' SOMEBODY HAS BEEN SITTING IN MY CHAIR ! " 

said the Middle Bear in his middle voice. 

And you know what the little old woman had done to 
the third chair. 

'* Somebody has been sitting in my chair ^ and has sate the 
bottom of it out I ** 

said the Little, Small, Wee Bear, in his little, small, wee 
voice. 

Then the Three Bears thought it necessary that they 
should make farther search ; so they went upstairs into 
their bed-chamber. Now the httle old Woman had pulled 
the pillow of the Great, Huge Bear out of its place. 

'' SomeboC)^ bas been l^ing in mp be^ ! " 

said the Great, Huge Bear, in his great, rough, gruff voice. 



THE THREE BEARS 41 

And the little old Woman had pulled the bolster of the 
Middle Bear out of its place. 

** SOMEBODY HAS BEEN LYING IN MY BED ! " 

said the Middle Bear, in his middle voice. 

And when the Little, Small, Wee Bear came to look at 
his bed, there was the bolster in its place ; and the pillow 
in its place upon the bolster ; and upon the pillow was the 
little old Woman's ugly, dirty head, — which was not in its 
place, for she had no business there. 

*' Somebody has been lying in my bed, and here she is I " 

said the Little, Small, Wee Bear, in his httle, small, wee 
voice. 

The little old Woman had heard in her sleep the great, 
rough, gruff voice of the Great, Huge BSar ; but she was 
so fast asleep that it was no more to her than the roaring of 
wind, or the rumbling of thunder. And she had heard 
the middle voice of the Middle Bear, but it was only as if 
she had heard some one speaking in a dream. But when 
she heard the Little, Small, Wee Bear, it was so sharp, and 
so shrill, that it awakened her at once. Up she started ; 
and when she saw the Three Bears on one side of the bed, 
she tumbled herself out at the other, and ran to the window. 
Now the window was open, because the Bears, like good, 
tidy Bears, as they were, always opened their bed-chamber 
window when they got up in the morning. Out the little 
old Woman jumped ; and whether she broke her neck in 
the fall ; or ran into the wood and was lost there ; or 
found her way out of the wood, and was taken up by the 
constable and sent to the House of Correction for a vagrant 
as she was, I cannot tell. But the Three Bears never saw 
anything more of her. 



"TOM TIT TOT" 

Once upon a time there were a woman, and she baked five 
pies. And when they come out of the oven, they was that 
overbaked the crust were too hard to eat» So she says to 
her darter, — 

'* Maw*r/' ^ says she, " put you them there pies on the 
shelf, an* leave *em there a little, an' they'll come again/' — 
She meant, you know, the crust would get soft. 

But the gal, she says to herself : '' Well, if they'll come 
agin, I'll ate 'em now." And she set to work and ate 'em 
all, first and last. 

Well, come supper-time, the woman she said : ** Goo 
you, and git one o' them there pies. I dare say they've 
come agin now." 

The gal she went an' she looked, and there warn't 
nothin' but the dishes. So back she come and says she : 
** Noo, they ain't come agin." 

** Not none on 'em ^ " says the mother. 

" Not none on 'em," says she. 

'' Well, come agin, or not come agin," says the woman, 
** I'll ha' one for supper." 

'' But you can't, if they ain't come," says the gal. 

** But I can," says she. *' Goo you and bring the best 
of 'em." 

** Best or worst," says the gal, '' I've ate 'em all, and 

you can't ha' one till that's come agin." 

^ Lass, girl. 
42 



** TOM TIT TOT " 43 

Well, the woman she were wholly bate/ and she took 
her spinnin* to the door to spin, and as she span she sang : — 

*' My darter ha' ate five, five pies to-day. 
My darter ha* ate five, five pies to-day/' 

The king he were a-comin' down the street, an' he 
heard her sing, but what she sang he couldn't hear, so 
he stopped and said, — 

** What were that you was a-singing of, maw'r < " 
The woman she were ashamed to let him hear what her 
darter had been a-doin', so she sang, 'stids "- o' that : — 

'' My darter ha' spun five, five skeins to-day » 
My darter ha' spun five, five skeins to-day." 

** S'ars o' mine ! " said the king, '' I never heerd tell of 
any one as could do that." 

Then he said : '' Look you here, I want a wife, and 
I'll marry your darter. But look you here," says he, 
** 'leven months out o' the year she shall have all the 
vittles she likes to eat, and all the gowns she likes to get, 
and all the company she likes to have ; but the last month 
o' the year she'll ha' to spin five skeins every day, an' if she 
doon't, I shall kill her." 

'* All right," says the woman ; for she thought what a 
grand marriage that was. And as for them five skeins, 
when it came to the time, there'd be plenty o' ways of 
getting out of it, and Hkeliest, he'd ha' forgot about it. 

Well, so they was married. An' for 'leven months the 
gal had all the vittles she liked to ate, and all the gowns 
she Hked to get, and all the company she hked to have. 

But when the time was gettin' oover, she began to think 
1 Beaten. ' Instead. 



44 ** TOM TIT TOT " 

about them there skeins an' to wonder if he had 'em in 
mind. But not one word did he say about 'em, an' she 
wholly thought he'd forgot 'em. 

But the last day o' the last month he takes her to a room 
she'd never sets eyes on afore. There worn't nothing in 
it but a spinnin '-wheel and a stooL An' says he : ** Now, 
my dear, here yow'll be shut in to-morrow with some 
vittles and some flax, and if you hain't spun five skeins by 
the night, your head will goo off." 

An' awa' he went about his business. 

Well, she were that frightened, she'd alius been such a 
useless mawther, that she didn't so much as know how to 
spin, an' what were she to do to-morrow, with no one to 
come nigh her to help her. She sat down on a stool in the 
kitchen, and lawk ! how she did cry ! 

However, all on a sudden she heard a sort of a knockin' 
low down on the door. She upped and oped it, an' what 
should she see but a small little black thing with a long tail. 
That looked up at her right curious, an' that said, — 

*' What are you crying for ^^ " 

" What's that to you $* " says she. 

'* Never you mind," that said, ** but tell me what you're 
a-cryin' for." 

** That won't do me no good if I do," says she. 

'' You don't know that," that said, an' twirled that's tail 
round. 

'* Well," says she, " that won't do no harm, if that don't 
do no good," and she upped and told about the pies and 
the skeins, and everything. 

" This is what I'll do," says the little black thing, ** I'll 
come to your window every morning and take the flax and 
bring it spun at night." 



'' TOM TIT TOT " 45 

** What's your pay $' " says she* 

That looked out o' the corner o* that's eyes, and that 
said : ** I'll give you three guesses every night to guess my 
name, an' if you hain't guessed it afore the month's up, you 
shall be mine/' 

Well, she thought she'd be sure to guess that's name 
afore the month was up. '' All right," says she, " I 
agree." 

** All right," that says, an' lawk ! how that twirled that's 
tail. 

Well, the next day, the king he took her into the room, 
an' there was the flax an' the day's vittles. 

** Now there's the flax," says he, '* an if that ain't spun 
up this night, off goes your head." An' then he went out 
an' locked the door. 

He'd hardly gone when there was a knockin' on the 
window. 

She upped and she oped it, and there sure enough was 
the little old thing a-settin' on the ledge. 

** Where's the flax $* " says he. 

'' Here it be," says she. And she gonned ^ it to him. 

Well, in the evening a knockin' came again to the 
window. She upped and she oped it, and there were the 
little old thing with five skeins of flax on his arm. 

'' Here te be," says he, and he gonned it to her. 

'* Now, what's my name '^ " says he. 

*' What, is that Bill ^ " says she. 

'* Noo, that ain't," says he, an' he twirled his tail. 

'* Is that Ned ^ " says she. 

'* Noo, that ain't," says he, an' he twirled his tail. 

** Well, is that Mark < " says she. 
^ Gave. 



46 '* TOM TIT TOT " 

'* Noo, that ain't/' says he, an' he twirled his tail harder 
an' away he flew. 

Well, when her husband he come in, there was the five 
skeins ready for him. *' I see I sha'n't have for to kill 
you to-night, my dear," says he ; '' you'll have your vittles 
and your flax in the mornin'," says he, an' away he goes. 

Well, every day the flax an' the vittles they was brought, 
an' every day that there little black impet used for to come 
mornings and evenings. An' all the day the mawther she 
set a-trying for to think of names to say to it when it come 
at night. But she never hit on the right one. An' as it got 
towards the end o' the month, the impet that began for to 
look so maliceful, an' that twirled that's tail faster an' faster 
each time she gave a guess. 

At last it came to the last day but one. The impet 
that came at night along o' the five skeins, and that said, — 

*' What, ain't you got my name yet J* " 

" Is that Nicodemus ^ " says she. 

" Noo, t'ain't," that says. 

'' Is that Sammle ^ " says she. 

*' Noo, t'ain't," that says. 

'* A-well, is that Methusalem $* " says she. 

'* Noo, t'ain't that neither," that says. 

Then that looks at her with that's eyes like a coal o' fire, 
an' that says : *' Woman, there's only to-morrow night, an' 
then you'll be mine ! " An' away it flew. 

Well, she felt that horrid. Howsomeover, she heard the 
king a-comin' along the passage. In he came, an' when 
he see the five skeins, he says, says he, — 

** Well, my dear," says he, ** I don't see but what you'll 
have your skeins ready to-morrow night as well, an' as I 
reckon I sha'n't have to kill you, I'll have supper in here 




My darter spun five skeins to-day" 



*' TOM TIT TOT " 47 

to-night/* So they brought supper an' another stool for 
him, and down the two they sat. 

Well, he hadn't eat but a mouthful or so, when he stops 
an' begins to laugh, 

'' What is it $* " says she. 

** A- why/' says he, '* I was out a huntin' to-day, an' I 
got away to a place in the wood I'd never seen afore. An' 
there was an old chalk-pit. An' I heard a sort of a hummin', 
kind o'. So I got off my hobby,^ an' I went right quiet to 
the pit, an' I looked down. Well, what should there be 
but the funniest httle black thing you ever set eyes on. 
An' what was that a-doin' on, but that had a little spinnin' 
wheel, an' that were a-spinnin' wonderful fast, an' a-twirlin' 
that's tail. An' as that span, that sang : — 

'' * Nimmy Nimmy Not 

My name's TOM TIT TOT,' " 

Well, when the mawther heard this, she feared as if she 
could ha' jumped out of her skin for joy, but she didn't 
say a word. 

Next day that there little thing looked so maliceful when 
he came for the flax. And when night came, she heard 
that a-knockin' on the window panes. She oped the 
window, an' that come right in on the ledge. That were 
grinnin' from ear to ear an' Oo ! that's tail were twirlin' 
round so fast, 

'* What's my name < " that says, as that gonned her the 
skeins, 

** Is that Solomon «"' she says, pretendin' to be afeard, 

'' Noo, t'ain't," that says, and that come further into the 
room, 

' Horse. 



48 " TOM TIT TOT " 

** Well^ is that Zebedee < ** says she again. 

** Noo, t'ain't/' says the impet. An' then that laughed 
an' twirled that's tail till you couldn't hardly see it. 

'* Take time, woman/' that says ; '' next guess, and 
you're mine." An' that stretched out that's black hands 
at her. 

Well, she backed a step or two, an' she looked at it, and 
then she laughed out, and says she, a-pointin' of her 
finger at it : — 

** Nimmy Nimmy Not, 
Yar name's TOM TIT TOT." 

Well, when that heard her, that shrieked awful and away 
that flew into the dark, and she never saw it no more. 




THE LAMBTON WORM 



Long, long ago, — I cannot say how long, — the young heir 
of Lambton Castle led a careless, profane life, regardless 
of God and man. All his Saturday nights he spent in 
drinking, and all his Sunday mornings in fishing. One 
Sunday he had cast his line into the Water of Wear many 
times without a bite ; and at last in a rage he let loose his 
tongue in curses loud and deep, to the great scandal of the 
servants and country-folk as they passed by to the old 
chapel at Brugeford, which was not in ruins then. 

Soon afterwards he felt something tugging at his line, 
and trusting he had at last hooked a fine fish, he used all 
his skill to play it and bring it safe to land. But what were 

49 ^ 



50 THE LAMBTON WORM 

his horror and dismay on finding that instead of a fish he 
had only caught a loathly worm of most evil appearance ! 
He hastily tore the foul thing from his hook and flung it 
into a well close by, which is still known by the name of the 
Worm Well 

The young heir had scarcely thrown his line again into 
the stream when a stranger of venerable appearance, 
passing by, asked him what sport he had met with» 

He replied : '' Why, truly, I think I have caught the 
evil one himself. Look in and judge/' 

The stranger looked, and remarked that he had never 
seen the like of it before ; that it resembled an eft, only it 
had nine holes on each side of its mouth ; and, finally, that 
he thought it boded no good. 

The worm remained there unheeded in the well till it 
outgrew so confined a dwelling-place. It then emerged, 
and betook itself by day to the river, where it lay coiled 
round a rock in the middle of the stream, and by night to 
a neighbouring hill, round whose base it would twine itself, 
while it continued to grow so fast that it soon could encircle 
the hill three times. This eminence is still called the 
Worm Hill. It is oval in shape, on the north side of the 
Wear, and about a mile and a half from old Lambton 
Hall. 

The Lambton Worm now became the terror of the whole 
country side. It sucked the cows' milk, worried the cattle, 
devoured the lambs, and committed every sort of depreda- 
tion on the helpless peasantry. Having laid waste the 
district on the north side of the river, it crossed the stream 
and approached Lambton Hall, where the old lord was 
living alone and desolate. His son had repented of his 
evil life, and had gone to the wars in a distant country. 



THE LAMBTON WORM 51 

Some people say he had gone as a crusader to the Holy 
Land. 

On hearing of the dreaded Worm's approach, the terrified 
household assembled in council. Much was said, but to 
little purpose, till the steward, a man of age and experience, 
advised that the large trough which stood in the courtyard 
should immediately be filled with milk. This was done 
without delay ; the monster approached, drank the milk,, 
and without doing further harm, returned across the 
Wear to wrap his giant form around his favourite hilL 
The next day he was seen recrossing the river ; the trough 
was hastily filled again, and with the same results. It was. 
found that the milk of '* nine kye '' was needed to fill the 
trough ; and if this quantity was not placed there every 
day, regularly and in full measure, the Worm would break, 
out into a violent rage, lashing its tail round the trees in the 
park, and tearing them up by the roots. 

The Lambton Worm was now, in fact, the terror of the 
whole country. Many a knight had come out to fight with 
it, but all to no purpose ; for it possessed the marvellous 
power of reuniting itself after being cut asunder, and thus 
was more than a match for all the knighthood of the North. 
So after many a vain conflict, and the loss of many a brave 
man, the creature was left in possession of its favourite 
hill. 

After seven long years, however, the heir of Lambton 
returned home, to find the broad lands of his ancestors 
waste and desolate, his people terror-stricken or in hiding, 
his father sinking into the grave overwhelmed with care 
and anxiety. He took no rest, we are told, till he had 
crossed the river and surveyed the Worm as it lay coiled 
round the foot of the Worm Hill ; then hearing how every- 



52 THE LAMBTON WORM 

other knight and man-at-arms had failed, he took counsel 
in the matter from the Wise- woman of Chester-le-Street. 

At first the Wise-woman of Chester-le-Street did nothing 
but upbraid him for having brought this scourge upon his 
house and neighbourhood ; but when she saw that he was 
indeed penitent, and eager at any cost to remove the evil 
he had caused, she bade him get his best suit of mail 
studded thickly with spear-heads ; to put it on, and thus 
armed to take his stand on the rock in the middle of the 
river Wear. There he must meet the Worm face to face, 
trusting the issue to Providence and his good sword. But 
she charged him before going to the encounter to take a 
vow, that if successful, he would slay the first living thing 
that met him on his way homewards. Should he fail to 
fulfil this vow, she warned him that for nine generations no 
lord of Lambton would die in his bed. 

The heir, now a belted knight, made the vow in Bruge- 
ford Chapel. He studded his armour back and breast- 
plate, greaves and armlets, with the sharpest spear-heads, 
and unsheathing his trusty sword took his stand on the 
rock in the middle of the Wear. At the accustomed hour 
the Worm uncoiled its ** snaky twine," and wound its way 
towards the hall, crossing the river close by the rock on 
which the knight was standing eager for the combat. He 
struck a violent blow upon the monster's head as it passed, 
on which the creature turned on him, and writhing and 
lashing the water in its rage, flung its tail round him, as if to 
strangle him in its coils. 

But the closer the Worm wrapped him in its folds the 
more deadly were its self-inflicted wounds, till at last the 
river ran crimson with its blood. As its strength diminished 
the knight redoubled his strokes, and he was able at last 



THE LAMB TON WORM 53 

with his good sword to cut the serpent fold by fold, and 
piece by piece asunder ; each severed part was immediately 
borne away by the swiftness of the current, and the Worm, 
unable to reunite itself, was utterly destroyed. 

During this long and terrible combat in the river, the 
household of Lambton had shut themselves within-doors 
to pray for their young lord, he having promised that when 
it was over he would, if conqueror, blow a blast on his 
bugle. This would assure his father of his safety, and 
warn them to let loose a favourite hound which they had 
destined as the victim, according to the Wise-woman's 
word and the young lord's vow. When, however, the 
bugle-notes were heard within the hall, the old lord of 
Lambton forgot everything but his son's safety, and rush- 
ing out of doors, ran to meet and embrace him. 

The heir of Lambton felt his heart turn sick as he saw 
his old father come. What could he do ?' He could not 
hft his hand against his beloved father ; yet how else could 
he fulfil his vow ^ In his perplexity he blew another blast ; 
the hound was let loose, it bounded to its master ; the 
sword, yet reeking with the Lambton Worm's blood, was 
plunged into its heart. But it was all in vain. The vow 
was broken. What the Wise-woman of Chester-le-Street 
had foretold came true. The curse lay upon the house of 
Lambton for nine generations. 



THE FAIRY HORN 

Once upon a time a knight was riding in the country 
beyond Gloucester, and came to a forest abounding in 
boars, stags, and every kind of wild beast. Now in a 
grovy lawn of this forest there was a little mount, rising 
in a point to the height of a man, on which knights and 
other hunters were used to ascend when fatigued with 
heat and thirst, to seek some relief. The nature of the 
place — for it is a fairy place — is such that whoever ascends 
the mount must leave his companions, and go quite alone. 

As the knight rode in the wood, and came nigh this fairy- 
knoll, he met with a wood-cutter and questioned him about 
it. He must go thither alone, the wood-cutter told him, 
and say, as if speaking to some other person : — ** I thirst ! '' 

Immediately there would appear a cup-bearer in a rich 
crimson dress, with a shining face, bearing in his stretched- 
out hand a large horn, adorned with gold and gems, such 
as was the custom among the most ancient English. The 
cup was full of nectar, of an unknown but most delicious 
flavour, and when it was drunk, all heat and weariness fled 
from those who drank of it, so that they became ready to 
toil anew, instead of being tired from having toiled. 
Moreover, when the nectar was drunk, the cup-bearer 
offered a towel to the drinker, to wipe his mouth with, and 
then having done this, he waited neither for a silver 
penny for his services, nor for any question to be asked. 

The knight laughed to himself when he heard this. 

54 



THE FAIRY HORN 55 

'' Who/' thought he, ** would be fool enough, having 
within his grasp such a drinking-horn, ever to let it go 
again from him ! '' 

Later, that very same day, as he rode back hot and tired 
and thirsty from his hunting, he bethought him of the fairy- 
knoll and the fairy-horn* Sending away his followers, he 
repaired thither all alone, and did as the wood-cutter had 
told him* He ascended the httle hill, and said in a bold 
voice : — '' I thirst ! " 

Instantly there appeared, as the wood-cutter had fore- 
told, a cup-bearer in a crimson dress, bearing in his hand 
a drinking-horn. The horn was richly beset with precious 
gems ; and the knight was filled with envy at sight of it. 
No sooner had he sei2;ed upon it, and tasted of its delicious 
nectar, than he determined to make off with the horn. So, 
having gotten the horn, and drunk of it every drop, instead 
of returning it to the cup-bearer, as in good manners he 
should have done, he stepped down from the knoll, and 
rudely made off with it in his hand. 

But learn what fate overtook this knight. The good 
Earl of Gloucester, standing on the fairy-knoll, when he 
heard that the wicked knight had destroyed the kind 
custom of the horn, attacked the robber in his stronghold, 
and forthright slew him, and carried off the horn. But 
alas ! the earl did not return it to the fairy-cupbearer, but 
gave it to his master and lord. King Henry the Elder. 
Since then you may stand all day at the fairy-knoll, and 
many times cry ** I thirst ! " but you may not taste of the 
Fairy Horn. 




'Plouffhmanh Spikenard 



THE PIXY FLOWER 

Once upon a time there lived in Devonshire two serving 
damsels, called Molly and Sabina, who were very fond of 
ribands and finery. When their mistress scolded them for 
spending more money than they ought upon such things, 
they said the pixies were very kind to them, and would 
often drop silver for their pleasure into a bucket of fair 
water which they placed for the accommodation of those 
little beings in the chimney corner every night before they 
went to bed. Once, however, it was forgotten, and the 
pixies, finding themselves disappointed by an empty 
bucket, whisked upstairs to the maids' bedroom, popped 
through the keyhole, and began to exclaim aloud against 
the laziness and neglect of the damsels. Now Sabina, who 
lay awake and heard all this, jogged her fellow-servant, and 
proposed getting up immediately to put things straight. 
But Molly, lazy girl, who liked not being disturbed out of 
a comfortable nap, pettishly declared '' that for her part, 
she would not stir out of bed to please all the pixies in 
Devonshire.*' The good-humoured Sabina, however, got 
up, filled the bucket, and was rewarded by a handful of 
silver pennies found in it the next morning. But long ere 

56 



THE PIXY FLOWER 57 

that time had arrived, what was her alarm, as she crept 
towards the bed, to hear all the elves buz2;ing like so many- 
angry bees, and consulting as to what should be done to 
the lazy, la^ lass who would not stir out of bed for their 
pleasure* 

Some proposed *' pinches, nips, and bobs," others 
wanted to spoil her new cherry-coloured bonnet and 
ribands. One talked of sending her the toothache, another 
of giving her a red nose ; but this last was voted much too 
bad a punishment for a pretty young lass. So tempering 
mercy with justice, the pixies were kind enough to let her 
off with a lame leg, which was to plague her for seven years, 
and was only to be cured by a certain herb growing on 
Dartmoor. Its long, and learned, and very queer and 
difficult name the elfin judge pronounced in a high and shrill 
voice. It was a name of seven syllables, seven being also 
the number of years decreed for Molly's lameness. 

Sabina, good-natured maid, wishing to save her fellow- 
damsel so long a suffering, tried with might and main to 
bear in mind the name of this strange herb. She said it 
over and over again, tied a knot in her garter at every 
syllable as a help to memory, and thought she had the 
word just as safe and sure as her own name, and very 
possibly felt much more anxious about retaining the one 
than the other. 

At length she dropped asleep, and did not wake till the 
morning. Now whether Sabina's head was like a sieve, 
that lets out as fast as it takes in, or if the over-exertion to 
remember only caused her to forget, cannot be deter- 
mined ; but certain it is that when she opened her eyes 
she knew nothing at all about the matter excepting that 
Molly was to go lame on her right leg for seven long years. 



58 THE PIXY FLOWER 

unless a herb with a strange name could be got to cure her. 
And lame Molly went for nearly the whole of those seven 
years. 

At length, about the end of that time, Sabina and Molly 
went out into the fields early one morning to pick mush- 
rooms, when a merry, squint-eyed, queer-looking boy 
started up all of a sudden just as Molly went to pluck a fine 
big one and came tumbhng, head over heels, towards her. 
He held in his hand a green herb with a tiny yellow flower, 
which some say was called Inula-Helenium ^ and he insisted 
upon striking Molly with it on the lame leg. From that 
very moment she got well, and lame Molly became the 
best dancer in the whole town when she and Sabina danced 
at the feast of Mayday on the green. 

^ Ploughman's Spikenard : Elecampane. 



TOM HICKATHRIFT 

Long before William the Conqueror, there dwelt a man in 
the Isle of Ely, named Thomas Hickathrift, a poor labour- 
ing man, but so strong that he was able to do in one day 
the ordinary work of two. He had an only son, whom he 
christened Thomas, after his own name. The old man 
put his son to good learning, but he would take none, for 
he was none of the wisest, but something soft, and had no 
docility at all in him. God calling this good man, the 
father, to his rest, his mother, being tender of him, kept 
him by her hard labour as well as she could ; but this was 
no easy matter, for Tom would sit all day in the chimney- 
corner, instead of doing anything to help her, and although 
at the time we are speaking of he was only ten years old, 
he would eat more than four or five ordinary men, and was 
five feet and a half in height, and two feet and a half broad. 
His hand was more like a shoulder of mutton than a boy's 
hand, and he was altogether like a little monster ; but yet 
his great strength was not known. 

Tom's strength came to be known in this manner : his 
mother, it seems, as well as himself, for they lived in the 
days of merry old England, slept upon straw. Now being 
a tidy old creature, she must every now and then have a 
new bed, and one day having been promised a bottle of 
straw by a neighbouring farmer, after much begging, she 
got her son to fetch it. Tom, however, made her borrow 
a cart-rope first, before he would budge a step, without 
saying what he wanted it for ; but the poor woman, too 

59 



6o TOM HICKATHRIFT 

glad to gain his help upon any terms, let him have it at once. 
Tom, swinging the rope round his shoulders, went to the 
farmer's, and found him with two men threshing in a barn. 
Having told what he wanted, the farmer said he might take 
as much straw as he could carry. Tom at once took him 
at his word, and, placing the rope in a right position, 
rapidly made up a bundle containing at least a cartload, 
the men jeering at him all the while. Their merriment, 
however, did not last long, for Tom flung the enormous 
bundle over his shoulders, and walked away with it without 
any difficulty, and left them all gaping after him. 

After this exploit Tom was no longer allowed to be idle. 
Every one tried to secure his services, and we are told many 
tales of his mighty strength. On one occasion, having 
been offered as great a bundle of fire-wood as he could 
carry, he marched off with one of the largest trees in the 
forest. Tom was also extremely fond of attending fairs ; 
and in cudgelling, wrestling, or throwing the hammer, 
there was no one who could compete with him. He 
thought nothing of flinging a huge hammer into the middle 
of a river a mile off, and in fact performed such extra- 
ordinary feats that the folk began to have a fear of him. 

At length a brewer at Lynn, who required a strong lusty 
fellow to carry his beer to the Marsh and to Wisbeach, 
after much persuasion, and promising him a new suit of 
clothes, and as much as he liked to eat and drink, secured 
Tom for his business. The distance he daily travelled 
with the beer was upwards of twenty miles, for although 
there was a shorter cut through the Marsh, no one durst go 
that way for fear of a monstrous giant, who was lord of a 
portion of the district, and who killed or made slaves of 
every one he could lay his hands upon. 



TOM HICKATHRIFT 6i 

Now in the course of time, Tom was thoroughly tired of 
going such a roundabout way, and without telling his plans 
to any one, he resolved to pass through the giant's domain 
or lose his life in the attempt. This was a bold under- 
taking, but good living had so increased Tom's strength and 
courage, that venturesome as he was before, his hardiness 
was so much increased that he would have faced a still 
greater danger. He accordingly drove his cart in the 
forbidden direction, flinging the gates wide open, as if for 
the purpose of making his daring more plain to be seen. 

At length he was espied by the giant, who was in a rage 
at his boldness, but consoled himself by thinking that 
Tom and the beer would soon become his prey. ** Sirrah," 
said the monster, '* who gave you permission to come this 
way ^ Do you not know how I make all stand in fear of 
me < and you, hke an impudent rogue, must come and 
fling my gates open at your pleasure ! Are you careless 
of your life«' Do not you care what you do«' But I 
will make you an example for all rogues under the sun ! 
Dost thou not see how many thousand heads hang 
upon yonder tree — heads of those who have offended 
against my laws?* But thy head shall hang higher than 
all the rest for an example ! " But Tom made him 
answer : ''A dishclout in your teeth for your news, for 
you shall not find me to be one of them." ** No ! " said 
the giant, in astonishment and indignation ; ''and what a 
fool you must be if you come to fight with such a one as 
I am, and bring never a weapon to defend yourself ! " 
Quoth Tom, ** I have a weapon here that will make you 
know you are a traitorly rogue." This speech highly 
incensed the giant, who immediately ran to his cave for his 
club, intending to dash out Tom's brains at one blow. 



62 TOM HICKATHRIFT 

Tom was now much distressed for a weapon, as by some 
chance he had forgot one, and he began to reflect how very 
Httle his whip would help him against a monster twelve 
feet in height and six feet round the waist. But while the 
giant was gone for his club, Tom bethought himself, and 
turning his cart upside down, adroitly takes out the axle- 
tree, which would serve him for a staff, and removing a 
wheel, fits it to his arm instead of a shield — very good 
weapons indeed in time of trouble, and worthy of Tom's 
wit. When the monster returned with his club, he was 
amazed to see the weapons with which Tom had armed 
himself ; but uttering a word of defiance, he bore down 
upon the poor fellow with such heavy strokes that it was as 
much as Tom could do to defend himself with his wheeL 
Tom, however, at length cut the giant a heavy blow with 
the axle-tree on the side of his head, that he nearly reeled 
over. ** What ! " said Tom, '* have you drunk of my 
strong beer already ^ *' This inquiry did not, as we may 
suppose, mollify the giant, who laid on his blows so sharply 
and heavily that Tom was obliged to defend himself. By 
and by, not making any impression on the wheel, he got 
almost tired out, and was obliged to ask Tom if he would 
let him drink a little, and then he would fight again. 
** No," said Tom, ** my mother did not teach me that wit : 
who would be fool then i " The end may readily be 
imagined ; Tom having beaten the giant, cut off his head, 
and entered the cave, which he found completely filled with 
gold and silver. 

The news of this victory rapidly spread throughout 
the country, for the giant had been a common enemy to 
the people about. They made bonfires for joy, and showed 
their respect to Tom by every means in their power, A 



TOM HICKATHRIFT 6^ 

few days afterwards Tom took possession of the cave and all 
the giant's treasure* He pulled down the former, and 
built a magnificent house on the spot ; but as for the land 
stolen by the giant, part of it he gave to the poor for their 
common, merely keeping enough for himself and his good 
old mother, Jane Hickathrift» 

Tom was now a great man and a hero with all the country 
folk, so that when any one was in danger or difficulty, it 
was to Tom Hickathrift he must turn. It chanced that 
about this time many idle and rebellious persons drew 
themselves together in and about the Isle of Ely, and set 
themselves to defy the king and all his men. 

By this time, you must know, Tom Hickathrift had 
secured to himself a trusty friend and comrade, almost his 
equal in strength and courage, for though he was but a 
tinker, yet he was a great and lusty one. Now the sheriff 
of the county came to Tom, under cover of night, full of fear 
and trembling, and begged his aid and protection against 
the rebels, '* else,'' said he, '* we be all dead men ! " Tom, 
nothing loth, called his friend the tinker, and as soon as it 
was day, led by the sheriff, they went out armed with their 
clubs to the place where the rebels were gathered together. 
When they were got thither, Tom and the tinker marched 
up to the leaders of the band, and asked them why they 
were set upon breaking the King's peace. To this they 
answered loudly, '* Our will is our law, and by that alone 
we will be governed ! " ** Nay," quoth Tom, " if it be 
so, these trusty clubs are our weapons, and by them alone 
you shall be chastised." These words were no sooner 
uttered than they madly rushed on the throng of men, bear- 
ing all before them, and laying twenty or thirty sprawling 
with every blow. The tinker struck off heads with such. 



64 TOM HICKATHRIFT 

violence that they flew Hke balls for miles about, and when 
Tom had slain hundreds and so broken his trusty club, he 
laid hold of a lusty raw-boned miller and made use of him as 
a weapon till he had quite cleared the field. 

If Tom Hickathrift had been a hero before, he was twice 
a hero now. When the king heard of it all, he sent for 
him to be knighted, and when he was Sir Thomas Hicka- 
thrift nothing would serve him but that he must be married 
to a great lady of the county. 

So married he was, and a fine wedding they had of it. 
There was a great feast given, to which all the poor widows 
for miles round were invited, because of Tom's mother, 
and rich and poor feasted together. Among the poor 
widows who came was an old woman called Stumbelup, 
who with much ingratitude stole from the great table a 
silver tankard. But she had not got safe away before she 
was caught and the people were so enraged at her wicked- 
ness that they had nearly hanged her. However, Sir Tom 
had her rescued, and commanded that she should be drawn 
on a wheel-barrow through the streets and lanes of Cam- 
bridge, holding a placard in her hand on which was 
written : — 

'* I am the naughty Stumbelup, 
Who tried to steal the silver cup.'' 




'*Far hae I sought ye; near am I brought to ye, 
Dear Duke o Norroway, will ye no turn and speak to me?' 



THE BLACK BULL OF NORROWAY 

Once upon a time there lived a king who had three 
daughters ; the two eldest were proud and ugly, but the 
youngest was the gentlest and most beautiful creature ever 
seen, and the pride not only of her father and mother, but 
of all in the land. As it fell out, the three princesses were 
talking one night of whom they would marry. ** I will 
have no one lower than a king,'' said the eldest princess. 
The second would take a prince or a great duke even. 
'* Pho, pho,'' said the youngest, laughing, ** you are both so 
proud ; now, I would be content with the Black Bull o' 
Norroway.'' Well, they thought no more of the matter 
till the next morning, when, as they sat at breakfast, they 
heard the most dreadful bellowing at the door, and what 
should it be but the Black Bull come for his bride. You 
may be sure they were all terribly frightened at this, for the 
Black Bull was one of the most horrible creatures ever seen 
in the world. And the king and queen did not know how 
to save their daughter. At last they determined to send 
him off with the old henwife. So they put her on his back, 
and away he went with her till he came to a great black 
forest, when, throwing her down, he returned roaring 
louder and more frightfully than ever. They then sent, 
one by one, all the servants, then the two eldest princesses ; 
but not one of them met with any better treatment than the 
old henwife, and at last they were forced to send their 
youngest and favourite child. 

65 E 



66 THE BLACK BULL OF NORROWAY 

Far she travelled upon the Black Bull, through many 
dreadful forests and lonely wastes, till they came at last to 
a noble castle, where a large company was assembled. 
The lord of the castle pressed them to stay, though much 
he wondered at the lovely princess and her strange com- 
panion. But as they went in among the guests, the 
princess espied a pin sticking in the Black BulFs hide, which 
she pulled out, and, to the surprise of all, there appeared 
not a frightful wild beast, but one of the most beautiful 
princes ever beheld. 

You may believe how delighted the princess was to see 
him fall at her feet, and thank her for breaking his cruel 
enchantment. There were great rejoicings in the castle 
at this, but alas ! in the midst of them he suddenly dis- 
appeared, and though every place was sought, he was 
nowhere to be found. 

The princess, from being filled with happiness, was all 
but broken-hearted. She determined, however, to seek 
through all the world for him, and many weary ways she 
went, but for a long, long while nothing could she hear of 
her lover. TraveUing once through a dark wood she lost 
her way, and as night was coming on she thought she 
must now certainly die of cold and hunger ; but seeing a 
hght through the trees, she went on till she came to a Httle 
hut where an old woman lived, who took her in and gave 
her both food and shelter. In the morning the old wifie 
gave her three nuts, that she was not to break till her heart 
was " like to break and owre again like to break ** ; so 
showing her the way, she bade God speed her, and the 
princess once more set out on her wearisome journey. 

She had not gone far when a company of lords and ladies 
rode past her, all talking merrily of the fine doings they 



THE BLACK BULL OF NORROWAY 67 

expected at the Duke o' Norroway's wedding. Then she 
came up to a number of people carrying all sorts of fine 
things, and they, too, were going to the duke's wedding. 
At last she came to a castle, where nothing was to be seen 
but cooks and bakers, some running one way, and some 
another, and all so busy that they did not know what to do 
first. Whilst she was looking at all this, she heard a noise 
of hunters behind her, and some one cried out : — 

** Make way for the Duke o' Norroway ! " 

And who should ride past but the prince and a beautiful 
lady. 

You may be sure her heart was now ** like to break and 
owre again Hke to break '' at this sad sight, so she broke one 
of the nuts, and out came a wee wifie carding wool. The 
princess then went into the castle, and asked to see the lady, 
who no sooner saw the wee wifie so hard at work than she 
offered the princess anything in her castle for it. 

** I will give it to you,'' said she, '' only on condition 
that you put off for one day your marriage with the Duke 
o' Norroway, and that I may go into his room alone 
to-night." 

So anxious was the lady for the nut that she consented. 
And when dark night was come, and the duke fast asleep, 
the princess was put alone into his chamber. Sitting down 
by his bedside she began singing : — 

*' Far hae I sought ye, near am I brought to ye, 
Dear Duke o' Norroway, will ye no turn and speak to 
me^' 

Though she sang this over and over again, the duke never 
wakened, and in the morning the princess had to leave him, 
without his knowing she had ever been there. She then 



68 THE BLACK BULL OF NORROWAY 

broke the second nut^ and out came a wee wifie spinning, 
which so delighted the lady that she readily agreed to put 
off her marriage another day for it ; but the princess came 
no better speed the second night than the first, and, almost 
in despair, she broke the last nut, which contained a wee 
wifie reeling, and on the same condition as before, the lady 
got possession of it. 

When the duke was dressing in the morning his man 
asked him what the strange singing and moaning that had 
been heard in his room for two nights meant. 

** I heard nothing," said the duke ; '' it could only have 
been your fancy." 

** Take no sleeping-draught to-night, and be sure to lay 
aside your pillow of heaviness," said the man, ** and you 
also will hear what for two nights has kept me awake." 

The duke did so, and the princess coming in, sat down 
sighing at his bedside, thinking this the last time she might 
ever see him. The duke started up when he heard the 
voice of his dearly-loved princess ; and with many endear- 
ing expressions of surprise and joy, explained to her that 
he had long been in the power of a witch-wife, whose spells 
over him were now happily ended by their once again 
meeting. 

The princess, happy to be the means of breaking his 
second evil spell, consented to marry him, and the wicked 
witch-wife, who fled that country afraid of the duke's 
anger, has never since been heard of. All was hurry and 
preparation in the castle, and the marriage which took 
place happily ended the adventures of the Black Bull o' 
Norroway, and the wanderings of the king's daughter. 



THE GREEN KNIGHT 

I 

When Arthur was King of Britain, and so reigned, it 
befell one winter-tide he held at Camelot his Christmas 
feast, with all the knights of the Round Table, full fifteen 
days. All was joy then in hall and chamber ; and when 
the New Year came it was kept with great joy. Rich 
gifts were given and many lords and ladies took their seats 
at the table, where Queen Guenever sat at the king's side, 
and a lady fairer of form might no one say he had ever 
before seen. But King Arthur would not eat nor would he 
long sit until he should have witnessed some wondrous 
adventure. The first course was served with a blowing 
of trumpets, and before each two guests were set twelve 
dishes, and bright wine, for there was no want of anything. 
Scarcely had the first course commenced, when there 
rushed in at the hall-door a knight, — the tallest on earth he 
must have been. His back and breast were broad, but 
his waist was small. He was clothed entirely in green, and 
his spurs were of bright gold ; his saddle was embroidered 
with birds and flies, and the steed that he rode upon was 
green. Gaily was the knight attired ; his great beard, like 
a green bush, hung on his breast. His horse's mane was 
decked with golden threads, and its tail bound with a green 
band ; such a horse and such a knight were never before 
seen. It seemed that no man might endure the Green 
Knight's blows, but he carried neither spear nor shield. 

69 



70 THE GREEN KNIGHT 

In one hand he held a holly bough, and in the other an axe 
the edge of which was as keen as a sharp razor, and 
the handle was encased in iron, curiously graven with 
green* 

Thus arrayed, the Green Knight entered the hall, with- 
out saluting any one ; and asked for the governor of the 
company, and looked about him for the most renowned of 
them. Much they marvelled to see a man and a horse as 
green as grass ; never before had they seen such a sight 
as this ; they were afraid to answer, and were as silent as if 
sleep had taken hold of them, some from fear, others from 
courtesy. King Arthur, who was never afraid, saluted 
the Green Knight and bade him welcome. The Green 
Knight said that he would not tarry ; he was seeking the 
most valiant, that he might prove him. He came in peace ; 
but he had a halberd at home and a helmet too. King 
Arthur assured him that he should not fail to find an 
opponent worthy of him. 

** I seek no fight," said the knight ; '' here are only 
beardless children ; here is no man to match me ; still, if 
any be bold enough to strike a stroke for another, this axe 
shall be his, but I shall give him a stroke in return within 
a twelvemonth and a day ! ** 

Fear kept all silent ; while the knight rolled his red 
eyes about and bent his gristly green brows. Waving his 
beard awhile, he exclaimed, — 

** What, then ! is this Arthur's Court ^ Forsooth, the 
renown of the Round Table is overturned with a word of 
one man's speech I '* 

Arthur grew red for shame, and waxed as wroth as the 
wind. He assured the knight that no one was afraid of 
his great words, and seized the axe. The Green Knight, 



THE GREEN KNIGHT -ji 

stroking his beard, awaited the blow, and with a dry 
countenance drew down his green coat. 

But thereupon Sir Gawayne begged the king to let him 
undertake the blow ; he asked permission to leave the 
table, saying it was not meet that Arthur should take the 
game while so many bold knights sat upon bench. 
Although the weakest he was quite ready to meet the 
Green Knight. The other knights too begged Arthur to 
** give Gawayne the game/' Then the king gave Gawayne, 
who was his neph.w, his weapon and told him to keep 
heart and hand steady. The Green Knight inquired the 
name of his opponent, and Sir Gawayne told him his name, 
declaring that he was willing to give and receive a 
blow. 

'' It pleases me well. Sir Gawayne,'' says the Green 
Knight, ** that I shall receive a blow from thy fist ; but 
thou must swear that thou wilt seek me to receive the blow 
in return.'* 

** Where shall I seek thee < " says Sir Gawayne ; ''tell 
me thy name and thy abode and I will find thee." 

** When thou hast smitten me," says the Green Knight, 
'* then tell I thee of my home and name ; if I speak not 
at all, so much the better for thee. Take now thy grim 
weapon and let us see how thou strikest S* " 

** Gladly, sir, forsooth," quoth Sir Gawayne. 

And now the Green Knight puts his long, green locks 
aside, and lays bare his neck, and Sir Gawayne strikes hard 
with the axe, and at one blow severs the head from the 
body. The head falls to the earth, and many treat it 
roughly, but the Green Knight never falters ; he starts up, 
seizes his head, steps into the saddle, holding the while the 
head in his hand by the hair, and turns his horse about. 



72 THE GREEN KNIGHT 

Then lo ! the head lifts up its eyelids, and addresses Sir 
Gawayne : — 

** Look thou, be ready to go as thou hast promised, and 
seek till thou findest me. Get thee to the Green Chapel, 
there to receive a blow on New Year's morn ; fail thou 
never ; come, or recreant be called/' So saying, the 
Green Knight rides out of the hall, his head in his hand» 

And now Arthur addresses the queen : '* Dear dame, 
be not dismayed ; such marvels well become the Christmas 
festival ; I may now go to meat. Sir Gawayne, hang up 
thine axe.*' The king and his knights sit feasting at the 
board, with all manner of meat and minstrelsy, till day is 
ended. 

** But beware. Sir Gawayne ! '* said the king at its end, 
'* lest thou fail to seek the adventure which thou hast 
taken in hand ! " 

II 

Like other years, the months and seasons of this year pass 
away full quickly and never return. After Christmas 
comes Lent, and spring sets in, and warm showers descend. 
Then the groves become green ; and birds build and sing 
for joy of the summer that follows ; blossoms begin to 
bloom, and noble notes are heard in the woods. With the 
soft winds of summer, more beautiful grow the flowers, 
wet with dew-drops. But then harvest approaches and 
drives the dust about, and the leaves drop off the trees, the 
grass becomes grey, and all ripens and rots. At last, when 
the winter winds come round again. Sir Gawayne thinks 
of his dread journey and his vow to the Green Knight. 
On All-Hallow's Day, Arthur makes a feast for his 



THE GREEN KNIGHT 73 

nephew's sake. After meat. Sir Gawayne thus speaks to 
his uncle : ** Now, liege lord, I ask leave of you, for I am 
bound on the morrow to seek the Green Knight/' 

Many noble knights, the best of the Court, counsel and 
comfort him, and much sorrow prevails in the hall, but 
Gawayne declares that he has nothing to fear. On the 
morn he asks for his arms ; a carpet is spread on the floor, 
and he steps thereon. He is dubbed in a doublet of Tarsic 
silk, and a well-made hood ; they set steel shoes on his 
feet, lap his legs in steel greaves ; put on the steel habergeon, 
the well-burnished braces, elbow pieces, and gloves of 
plate : while over all is placed the coat armour. His spurs 
are then fixed, and his sword is attached to his side by a 
silken girdle. Thus attired the knight hears mass, and 
afterwards takes leave of Arthur and his Court. By that 
time his horse Gringolet was ready, the harness of which 
glittered hke the gleam of the sun. Then Sir Gawayne 
sets his helmet upon his head, and the circle around it was 
decked with diamonds ; and they give him his shield with 
the ** pentangle '* of pure gold, devised by King Solomon 
as a token of truth ; for it is called the endless knot, and 
well becomes the good Sir Gawayne, a knight the truest of 
speech and the fairest of form. He was found faultless 
in his five wits ; the image of the Virgin was depicted upon 
his shield : in courtesy he was never found wanting, and 
therefore was the endless knot fastened on his shield. 

And now Sir Gawayne sei2;es his lance and bids all 
" Good-day ** ; he spurs his horse and goes on his way. 
All that saw him go mourned in their hearts, and declared 
that his equal was not to be found upon earth. It would 
have been better for him to have been a leader of men, than 
to die by the hands of an elvish man. 



74 THE GREEN KNIGHT 

Meanwhile, many a weary mile goes Sir Gawayne ; now 
rides the knight through the realms of England ; he has no 
companion but his horse, and no men does he see till he 
approaches North Wales, From Holyhead he passes into 
Wirral, where he finds but few that love God or man ; he 
inquires after the Green Knight of the Green Chapel, but 
can gain no tidings of him. His cheer oft changed before 
he found the chapel ; many a cliff he climbed over, many 
a ford and stream he crossed, and everywhere he found a 
foe. It were too tedious to tell the tenth part of his adven- 
tures with serpents, wolves, and wild men ; with bulls, 
bears, and boars. Had he not been both brave and good, 
doubtless he had been dead ; the sharp winter was far worse 
than any war that ever troubled him. Thus in peril he 
travels till Christmas Eve and on the morn he finds himself 
in a deep forest, where were old oaks many a hundred, 
and many sad birds upon bare twigs piped piteously for 
the cold. Through rough ways and deep mire he goes, 
that he may celebrate the birth of Christ and blessing 
himself he says, '* Cross of Christ, speed me I '* 

Scarcely had he blessed himself thrice, than he saw a 
dwelling in the wood, set on a hill, the comeliest castle that 
knight ever owned, which shone as the sun through the 
bright oaks. 

Forthwith Sir Gawayne goes to the chief gate, and finds 
the drawbridge raised, and the gates fast shut ; as he 
abides there on the bank, he observes the high walls of hard 
hewn stone, with battlements and towers and chalk-white 
chimneys ; and bright and great were its round towers 
with their well-made capitals. Oh, thinks he, if only he 
might come within the cloister. Anon he calls, and soon 
there comes a porter to know the knight's errand. 



THE GREEN KNIGHT 75 

** Good sir/' says Gawayne, '' ask the high lord of this 
house to grant me a lodging/' 

'' You are welcome to dwell here as long as you like/' 
replied the porter. Thereupon is the drawbridge let 
down, and the gate opened wide to receive him; and he 
enters and his horse is well stabled, and knights and 
squires bring Gawayne into the halL Many a one hastens 
to take his helmet and sword ; the lord of the castle bids 
him welcome and they embrace each other. Gawayne 
looks on his host ; a big bold one he seemed ; beaver- 
hued was his broad beard, and his face as fell as the fire. 

The lord then leads Gawayne to a chamber, and assigns 
a page to wait upon him. In this bright bower was noble 
bedding ; the curtains were of pure silk with golden hems, 
and Tarsic tapestries covered the walls and floor. Here 
the knight doffed his armour, and put on rich robes, which 
well became him : and in troth a more comely knight than 
Sir Gawayne was never seen. 

Then a chair was placed by the fireplace for him, and a 
mantle of fine linen, richly embroidered, thrown over him ; 
a table, too, was brought in, and the knight, having washed, 
was invited to sit to meat. He was served with numerous 
dishes, with fish baked and broiled, or boiled and seasoned 
with spices ; full noble feast, and much mirth did he make 
as he ate and drank. 

Then Sir Gawayne, in answer to his host, told him he 
was of Arthur's Court ; and when this was made known 
great was the joy in the hall. Each one said softiy to his 
mate : '' Now we shall see courteous manners and hear 
noble speech, for we have amongst us the father of all 
nurture." 

After dinner the company go to the chapel to hear the 



76 THE GREEN KNIGHT 

evensong of the great season. The lord of the castle and 
Sir Gawayne sit together during the service. When his 
wife, accompanied by her maids, left her seat after the 
service, she appeared even fairer than Guenever. An 
older dame led her by the hand, and very unlike they were ; 
for if the young one was fair, the other was yellow, and had 
rough and wrinkled cheeks. The younger had a throat 
fairer than snow ; the elder had black brows and bleared 
lips. With permission of the lord. Sir Gawayne salutes 
the elder, and the younger courteously kisses, and begs to 
be her servant. To the great hall then they go, where 
spices and wine are served : the lord takes off his hood 
and places it on a spear : he who makes most mirth that 
Christmastide is to win it. 

On Christmas morn joy reigns in every dwelling in the 
world ; so did it in the castle where Sir Gawayne now 
abode. The lord and the old ancient wife sit together, and 
Sir Gawayne sits by the wife of his host ; it were too tedious 
to tell of the meat, the mirth, and the joy that abounded 
everywhere. Trumpets and horns give forth their merry 
notes, and great was the joy for three days. 

St. John's Day was the last day of the Christmas festival, 
and on the morrow many of the guests took their departure 
from the castle. Its lord thanked Sir Gawayne for the 
honour and pleasure of his visit, and endeavoured to keep 
him at his court. He desired also to know what had driven 
Sir Gawayne from Arthur's Court before the end of the 
Christmas holidays $* 

Sir Gawayne replied that " a high errand and a hasty 
one *' had forced him to leave the Court. Then he asked 
his host whether he had ever heard of the Green Chapel. 
For there he had to be on New Year's Day, and he would as 



THE GREEN KNIGHT 77 

lief die as fail in his errand. The prince tells Sir Gawayne 
he will teach him the way, and that the Green Chapel is 
not more than two miles from the castle. Then was 
Gawayne glad, and he consented to tarry awhile at the 
castle ; and its lord and castellan rejoiced too, and sent to 
ask the ladies to come and entertain their guest. And he 
asked Sir Gawayne to grant him one request : that he 
would keep his chamber on the morrow's morn, as he must 
be tired after his far travel. Meanwhile his host and the 
other men of the castle were to rise very early and go 
a-hunting. 

^* Whatsoever," said his host, *' I win in the wood shall be 
yours ; and whatever hap be yours at home, I will as 
freely count as mine.'' And he gave Sir Gawayne in token 
a ring, which he was not to yield, no, not though it was 
thrice required of him by the fairest lady under heaven | 
To all this Sir Gawayne gladly agreed, and so with much 
cheer a bargain was made between them ; and as night 
drew on each went early to his bed. 



Ill 

Next morn, full early before the day, all the folk of the 
castle up-rise, and saddle their horses, and truss their 
saddle-bags. The noble lord of the castle too arrays him- 
self for riding, eats a sop hastily, and goes to mass. Before 
dayhght he and his men are on their horses ; then the 
hounds are called out and coupled ; three short notes are 
blown by the bugles, and a hundred hunters join in the 
chase. To their stations the deer-stalkers go, and the 
hounds are cast off, and joyously the chase begins. 

Roused by the clamour the deer rush to the heights, but 



78 THE GREEN KNIGHT 

are soon driven back ; the harts and bucks are allowed to 
pass, but the hinds and does are driven back to the shade ♦ 
As they fly they are shot by the bowmen : the hounds and 
the hunters, with a loud cry, follow in pursuit, and those 
that escape the arrows are killed by the hounds* The 
lord waxes joyful in the chase, which lasted till the approach 
of night. 

All this time Sir Gawayne lay abed, and woke only to 
hear afar the baying of the hounds, and so to doze again. 
But at length there befell a knock at his door, and a damsel 
entered to bid him rise, and come to meat with her mistress. 
Straightway he arose, attired himself, put on his finger the 
fair ring that his host had given him, and descended to 
greet the lady of the castle. 

*' Good-morrow, fair sir," says she, " you are a late 
sleeper, I see I '' She tells him, with a laughing glance, 
that she doubts if he really be Sir Gawayne that all the 
world worships : for he cares better to sleep than to hunt 
with the knights in the wood, or talk with the ladies in 
their bower. 

" In good faith," quoth Sir Gawayne, '* save this ring on 
my finger, there is nought I would not yield thee in token 
of my service and thy courtesy." 

The lady told him that if true courtesy were enclosed 
in himself, he would keep back nothing, — no, not so much 
as a ring I But Sir Gawayne bethought him of his word 
to the lord of the castle ; of his promise also to the Green 
Knight. He may not, he says, yield up his ring ; but he 
will be for ever her true servant. 

We leave now the lady and Sir Gawayne, and turn to 
tell how the lord of the land and his men end their hunt in 
wood and heath. Of the killed a " quarry " they make ; 



THE GREEN KNIGHT 79 

and set about ** breaking '' the deer, and take away the 
*' assay*' or fat; and rend off the hide. When all is 
ready, they feed the hounds, and then they make for home. 

Anon Sir Gawayne hearing them approach the castle, 
goes out to meet his host. Then the lord commands all 
his household to assemble, and the venison to be brought 
before him ; he calls Gawayne and asks him whether he 
does not deserve much praise for his success in the chase. 
When the knight has said that fairer venison he has not seen 
in winter, — nay, not this seven year, — his host doth bid 
him take the whole, according to the agreement between 
them made last night. Gawayne gives the knight a comely 
kiss in return, and his host desires to know if he too has 
gotten much weal at home ^ 

** Nay,'* says Sir Gawayne, ** ask me no more of that ! ** 

Thereupon the lord of the castle laughed, and they went 
to supper, where were dainties new, enough and to spare. 
Anon they are sitting by the hearth, while wine is carried 
round, and again Sir Gawayne and his host renew their 
compact as before, and so they take leave of each other 
and hasten to bed. 

Scarce had the cock cackled thrice on the morrow, when 
the lord was up and again with his hunters and horns out 
and abroad, pursuing the chase. The hunters cheer on 
the hounds, which fall to the scent, forty at once ; all come 
together by the side of a cHff and look about on all sides, 
beating the bushes. Out there rushes a fierce wild boar, 
who fells three to the ground with the first thrust. Full 
quickly the hunters pursue him ; however, he attacks the 
hounds, causing them to yowl and yell. The bowmen send 
their arrows after this wild beast, but they glide off, shivered 
in pieces. Enraged with the blows, he attacks the hunters : 



8o THE GREEN KNIGHT 

then the lord of the land blows his bugle^ and pursues the 
boar. 

All this time Sir Gawayne lies abed, as on the previous 
day, according to his promise. And again, when he is 
summoned out of his late slumbers, the lady of the castle 
twits him with his lack of courtesy, 

** Sir,'' says she, '' if ye indeed be Sir Gawayne, me- 
thinkest you would not have forgotten that which 
yesterday I taught ! '' 

'' What is that < ** quoth he, 

*' That I taught you of giving,'' says she ; *' yet you 
give not the ring as courtesy requires." 

** Poor is the gift," he says, '* that is not given of free 
will! " 

But then the lady takes a ring from her own finger, and 
bids him to keep it, ** And I would hear from you," she 
says, '' some stories of beautiful dames, and of feats of arms 
and the deeds that become true knights," 

Sir Gawayne says he has no sleight in the telling of such 
tales, and he may not take the ring she would give him, 
but he would for ever be her servant. 

Meanwhile, the lord pursued the wild boar, that bit the 
backs of his hounds asunder, and caused the stoutest of his 
hunters to start back. At last the beast was too exhausted 
to run any more and entered a hole in a rock by the side 
of a brook, the froth foaming at his mouth. None durst 
approach him, so many had he torn with his tusks. The 
knight, seeing the boar at bay, alights from his horse, and 
seeks to attack him with his sword ; the boar rushes out 
upon the man, who, aiming well, wounds him in the side, 
and the wild beast is killed by the hounds. 

Then was there blowing of horns and baying of hounds* 




The Green Knight entered the hall. 



THE GREEN KNIGHT 8i 

One, wise in wood-craft, begins to unlace the boar, and 
hews off the head. Then he feeds his hounds ; and the 
two halves of the carcase are next bound together and hung 
upon a pole. The boards head is now borne before the 
lord of the castle, who hastens home. 

Gawayne is called upon, when the hunt returns, to 
receive the spoil, and the lord of the land is well pleased 
when he sees him ; and shows him the wild boar, and tells 
him of its length and breadth. ** Such a brawn of a 
beast,** Sir Gawayne says he never has seen. To Gawayne 
then the wild boar is given, according to the covenant ; 
and in return he kisses his host, who declares his guest to 
be the best he knows. 

Tables are raised aloft, cloths laid upon them, and waxen 
torches are lighted. With much mirth and glee supper is 
served in the hall. When they had long played in the hall, 
they went to the upper chamber, where they drank and 
discoursed. Sir Gawayne at length begs leave of his host 
to depart on the morrow ; but his host swears to him that 
he must stay, and come to the Green Chapel on New 
Yearns morn long before prime. So Gawayne consents to 
remain for another night ; and full still and softly he 
sleeps throughout it. 

Early in the morning the lord of the castle is up ; after 
mass, a morsel he takes with his men to break his fast. 
Then were they all mounted on their horses before the 
hall-gates, and ready for the hunt. It was a clear, frosty 
morning when they rode off, and the hunters, dispersed 
by a wood's side, came upon the track of a fox, which was 
followed up by the hounds. And now they get sight of 
the game, and pursue him through many a rough grove. 
The fox at last leaps over a spinney, and by a rugged path 



82 THE GREEN KNIGHT 

seeks to get clear from the hounds ; he comes upon one of 
the hunting-stations, where he is attacked by the dogs. 
However, he slips them, and makes again for the woods. 
Then was it fine sport to hsten to the hounds, and the 
hallooing of the hunters ; there the fox was threatened, 
and called a thief. But Reynard was wily, and led them far 
astray over brake and spinney. 

Meanwhile, Sir Gawayne, left at home, soundly sleeps 
within his comely curtains. At length the lady of the 
castle, clothed in a rich mantle, comes to his chamber, 
opens a window, and reproaches him : — 

** Ah i man, how canst thou sleep ^ This morning is so 
clear." 

Sir Gawayne was dreaming of his forthcoming adven- 
ture at the Green Chapel when she aroused him, but he 
started up, and greeted his fair visitor. Again, as she had 
done before, she desired some gift by which to remember 
him when he was gone. 

'* Now, sir,'* she entreats him, '* now before thy 
departing, do me this courtesy ! '' 

Sir Gawayne tells her that she is worthy of a far better 
gift than he can bestow. He has no men laden with 
trunks containing precious things. 

Thereupon again the lady of the castle offers him a gold 
ring, but he refuses to accept it, as he has none that he is 
free to give in return. Very sorrowful was she on account 
of his refusal ; she takes off her green girdle, and beseeches 
him to take it. Gawayne again refuses to accept anything, 
but promises, '* ever in hot and in cold, to be her true 
servant.*' 

'* Do you refuse it,'* says the lady, ** because it is simple $* 
Whoso knew the virtues that it possesses would highly 



THE GREEN KNIGHT 83 

prize it. For he who is girded with this green girdle 
cannot be wounded or slain/' 

Thereupon Sir Gawayne thinks of his adventure at the 
Green Chapel, and when she again earnestly presses him 
to take the girdle, he consents not only to take it, but to 
keep the possession of it a secret. Then she takes her leave ; 
Gawayne hides the girdle, and then hies to the chapel, and 
asks pardon for any misdeeds he has ever done. When 
he returns to the hall, he makes himself so merry among 
the ladies with comely songs and carols, that they said : 
** This knight was so merry never before, since hither he 
came to the castle ! '' 

Meanwhile the lord of the castle was still in the field ; 
he had already slain the fox. He had spied Reynard 
coming through a ** rough grove '' and tried to strike him 
with his sword ; but the fox was seized by one of the 
hounds. The rest of the hunters hastened thither, with 
horns full many, for it was the merriest meet that ever was 
heard ; and carrying the fox's skin and brush they all ride 
home. The lord at last ahghts at his dear home, where he 
finds Sir Gawayne amusing the ladies ; the knight comes 
forward and welcomes his host, and according to covenant 
kisses him thrice. 

'' My faith I *' says the other, '' ye have had much bliss ! 
I have hunted all day and have gotten nothing but the skin 
of this foul fox, a poor reward for three such kisses.'' He 
then tells him how the fox was slain ; and with much 
mirth and minstrelsy they made merry until the time came 
for them to part. Gawayne takes leave of his host, and 
thanks him for his happy sojourn. He asks for a man to 
teach him the way to the Green Chapel. A servant is 
assigned him, and then he takes leave of the ladies, kissing 



84 THE GREEN KNIGHT 

them sorrowfully. They commend him to Christ, He 
then departs, thanking each one he meets for his service 
and solace ; he retires to rest, but sleeps little, for much 
has he to think of on the morrow. Let him He there, and 
be still awhile, and I will tell what next befell him. 



IV 

Now New Year's Day has drawn nigh, and the weather is 
stormy. Snow falls and the dale is full of deep drift, 
Gawayne in his bed hears each cock that crows ; he calls 
for the chamberlain, and bids him bring his armour. 
Men knock off the rust from his rich habergeon, and the 
knight then calls for his steed. While he clothed himself 
in his rich garments, he forgot not the girdle, the lady's 
gift, but with it doubly girded his loins ; he wore it not for 
its rich ornaments, ** but to save himself when it behoved 
him to suffer," All the people of the castle he thanked full 
oft, and then was his steed Gringolet arrayed, full ready to 
prick on. Sir Gawayne returns thanks for the honour 
and kindness shown to him by all, and then he steps into 
the saddle from the mounting-stone, and says, '' This 
castle to Christ I commend ; may He give it ever good 
chance ! *' 

Therewith the castle gates are opened, and the knight 
rides forth, and goes on his way accompanied by his guide. 
They ride by rocky ways and chffs, where each hill wore a 
hat of cloud and a mist-cloak, and when it is full daylight, 
they find themselves *' on a hill full high.'' Then his 
guide bade Sir Gawayne abide, saying : — 

" I have brought you hither, and ye are not now far 
from the appointed place. Full perilous is it esteemed, 



THE GREEN KNIGHT 85 

its lord is fierce and stern, his body is bigger than the best 
four in King Arthur's house ; none passes by the Green 
Chapel that he does not ding to death with dint of his 
hand, for be it churl or chaplain, monk, mass-priest, or any 
man else, he kills them alL He has lived there long, and 
against his sore dints ye may not defend you ; wherefore, 
good Sir Gawayne, let this man alone, and go by some 
other region, and I swear faithfully that I will never say 
that ever ye attempted to flee from any man/' 

Gawayne replies that to shun this danger would mark 
him as a coward knight ; to the chapel, therefore, he will 
go, though the lord thereof were the cruellest and strongest 
of men, 

** Full well,'* says he, ** can God devise how to save His 
true servants ! '' 

** Marry,'' quoth the other, ** since it pleases thee to lose 
thy life, take thy helmet on thy head, and thy spear in thy 
hand, and ride down this path by yon rock-side, till thou 
come to the bottom of the valley. Look a little to the left, 
and thou shalt see the chapel itself and the man that 
guards it," 

Having thus spoken, the guide takes leave of the knight. 
'' By God's grace," says Sir Gawayne, '' I will neither weep 
nor groan. To God's will I am full ready to bow ! " So 
on he rides through the dale, and eagerly looks about him. 
He sees, however, no sign of a resting-place, but only high 
and steep banks ; no chapel can he discern anywhere. At 
last he sees a hill by the side of a stream ; thither he goes, 
alights, and fastens his horse to the branch of a tree. He 
walks round the hill, looking for the chapel, debating 
with himself what it might be, and at last he comes upon 
an old cave in the crag, '* Truly," he reflects, ** a wild 



86 THE GREEN KNIGHT 

place is here — a fitting place for the Green Knight to make 
his devotions in evil fashion ; if this be the chapel it is the 
most cursed kirk that ever I saw/' 

But with that he hears a loud noise from beyond the 
brook. It clattered like the grinding of a scythe on a grind- 
stone, and whirred like a mill-stream. 

'* Though my life I forego/' says Gawayne, *' no noise 
shall terrify me/' And he cried aloud, *' Who dwells here 
and will hold discourse with me/' Then he heard a loud 
voice commanding him to abide where he stood, and soon 
there came out of a hole, with a fell weapon — a Danish 
axe, quite new — the Green Knight clothed just as Gawayne 
saw him long before. When he reached the stream, he 
leapt over it, and striding on, he met Sir Gawayne without 
the least obeisance. 

*' God preserve thee ! " he says, ** as a true knight 
thou hast timed thy travel. Thou knowest the covenant 
between us, that on New Year's Day I should return thy 
blow. Here we are alone ; have off thy helmet and take 
thy pay at once." 

*' By my faith," quoth Sir Gawayne, '* I shall not 
begrudge thee thy will." 

Then he shows his bare neck, and appears undaunted. 
The Green Knight seizes his grim weapon, and with all 
his force raises it aloft. As it came gliding down. Sir 
Gawayne shrank a little with his shoulders, then the other 
reproved him, saying, '* Thou art not that Gawayne that 
is so good esteemed, for thou fleest for fear before thou 
feelest harm. I never flinched when thou struckest ; my 
head flew to my foot, yet I never fled ; wherefore I ought 
to be called the better man." 

** I flinched once," says Gawayne, " but will no more. 



THE GREEN KNIGHT 87 

Bring me to the point; deal me my death-blow at 
once/' 

'' Have at thee, then/' says the other, and with that, 
prepares to aim the fatal blow, Gawayne never flinches, 
but stands as still as a stone. 

'' Now,'' says the Green Knight, ** I must strike thee, 
since thy heart is whole." 

** Strike on," says the other. Then the Green Knight 
makes ready to strike, and lets fall his axe on the bare neck 
of Sir Gawayne. The sharp weapon pierced the flesh so 
that the blood flowed. When Gawayne saw the blood on 
the snow, he unsheathed his sword, and thus he spake : — 

'' Cease, man, of thy blow. If thou givest me any more, 
blow for blow shall I requite thee I We agreed only upon 
one stroke." 

The Green Knight rested on his axe, looked at Sir 
Gawayne, who appeared bold and fearless, and addressed 
him as follows : — 

** Bold knight, be not so wroth, I promised thee a stroke, 
and thou hast it. Be satisfied ; I could have dealt worse 
with thee ; I menaced thee first with one blow for the 
covenant between us on the first night. Another I aimed 
at thee because of the second night. A true man should 
restore truly, and then he need fear no harm. Thou failed 
at the third time, and therefore take thee that stroke, for 
my girdle (woven by my wife) thou wearest. I know thy 
secret, and my wife's gift to thee, for I sent her to try thee, 
and faultless I found thee : but yet thou sinnedst a Httle, 
since thou tookest the girdle to save thy skin and for love 
of thy life." 

Sir Gawayne stands there confounded before the Green 
Knight. 



88 THE GREEN KNIGHT 

** Cursed/* he says, ** be cowardice and covetousness 
both ! " 

Then he takes off the girdle, and throws it to the Green 
Knight, and confesses himself to have been guilty of 
untruth. Then the other, laughing, thus spoke : — 

*' Thou art confessed so clean, that I hold thee as free, 
as if thou hadst never been guilty, I give thee, Sir 
Gawayne, the gold-hemmed girdle as a token of thy 
adventure at the Green ChapeL Come again to my castle, 
and abide there for the remainder of the New Yearns 
festival/' 

'' Nay, forsooth,'' says Gawayne, '' I have sojourned 
sadly, but bliss betide thee I Commend me to your 
comely wife, who beguiled me ; but though I be now 
beguiled, methinks I should be excused I God reward 
you for your girdle I I will wear it in remembrance of my 
fault, and when pride shall prick me, one look upon this 
green band shall abate it» But tell me your right name, 
and I shall have done/' 

The Green Knight rephes, ** I am called Bernlak de 
Hautdesert, through the might of Morgan le Fay, the 
pupil of Merlin ; she can tame even the haughtiest. It 
was she who caused me to test the renown of the Round 
Table, hoping to grieve Queen Guenever, and cause her 
death through fear, Morgan le Fay is even thine aunt ; 
therefore come to her, and make merry in my house/' 

But Sir Gawayne refused to return with the Green 
Knight, He bade him a courteous farewell, and then he 
turned Gringolet's head again toward Arthur's hall. By 
wild ways and lonely places did he ride. Sometimes he 
harboured in a house by night, and sometimes he had to 
shift under the trees. The wound in his neck became 



THE GREEN KNIGHT 89 

whole, but he still carried about him the belt in token of 
his fault. 

Thus Sir Gawayne comes again at last to the Court of 
King Arthur, and great was the joy of them all to see him. 
The king and his knights ask him concerning his journey, 
and Gawayne tells them of his adventures, and of the Green 
Knight's castle and the lady, and lastly, of the girdle that 
he wore. He showed them the cut in his neck, and as he 
groaned for grief and shame, the blood rushed to his face. 

'* Lo ! '' says he, handhng the green girdle, " this is the 
band of blame, a token of my cowardice and covetousness. 
I must needs wear it as long as I live.*' 

The king comforts the knight, and all the Court too. 
Each knight of the brotherhood agrees to wear a bright 
green belt for Gawayne 's sake, who evermore honoured it. 




ia«a«a«B«B«B«Ei#Ei«Q«B«Ei«ci«Ei«ta«ci«ca#i3»E]«ia«a* 



* mOBIN ©OODFELLOW # 



Once upon a time, a great while ago, when men did eat and 
drink less, and were more honest, and knew no knavery, 
there was wont to walk many harmless spirits called fairies, 
dancing in brave order in fairy rings on green hills with 
sweet music. Sometimes they were invisible, and some- 
times took divers shapes ♦ Many mad pranks would they 
play, as pinching of untidy damsels black and blue, and 
misplacing things in ill-ordered houses ; but lovingly 
would they use good girls, giving them silver and other 
pretty toys, which they would leave for them, sometimes in 
their shoes, other times in their pockets, sometimes in 
bright basins and other clean vessels. 

90 



ROBIN GOODFELLOW 91 

Now it chanced that in those happy days, a babe was 
born in a house to which the fairies did like well to repair. 
This babe was a boy, and the fairies, to show their pleasure, 
brought many pretty things thither, coverlets and delicate 
linen for his cradle ; and capons, woodcock, and quail for 
the christening, at which there was so much good cheer 
that the clerk had almost forgot to say the babe's name, — 
Robin Goodfellow» So much for the birth and christening 
of little Robin. 

When Robin was grown to six years of age, he was so 
knavish that all the neighbours did complain of him ; for 
no sooner was his mother's back turned, but he was in one 
knavish action or other, so that his mother was constrained 
(to avoid the complaints) to take him with her to market 
or wheresoever she went or rode. But this helped little or 
nothing, for if he rode before her, then would he make 
mouths and ill-favoured faces at those he met : if he rode 
behind her, then would he clap his hand on the tail ; so 
that his mother was weary of the many complaints that 
came against him. Yet knew she not how to beat him 
justly for it, because she never saw him do that which was 
worthy blows. The complaints were daily so renewed 
that his mother promised him a whipping. Robin did not 
like that cheer, and therefore, to avoid it, he ran away, and 
left his mother a-sorrowing for him. 

After Robin had travelled a good day's journey from 
his mother's house he sat down, and being weary he fell 
asleep. No sooner had slumber closed his eye-lids, but 
he thought he saw many goodly proper little personages 
in antic measures tripping about him, and withal he heard 
such music, as he thought that Orpheus, that famous Greek 
fiddler (had he been alive), compared to one of these had 



92 ROBIN GOODFELLOW 

been but a poor musician. As delights commonly last not 
long, so did those end sooner than Robin would willingly 
they should have done ; and for very grief he awaked, and 
found by him lying a scroll wherein was written these lines 
following in golden letters : — 

** Robin, my only son and heir, 
How to live take thou no care : 
By nature thou hast cunning shifts. 
Which ril increase with other gifts* 
Wish what thou wilt, thou shall it have ; 
And for to fetch both fool and knave. 
Thou hast the power to change thy shape. 
To horse, to hog, to dog, to ape. 
Transformed thus, by any means 
See none thou harm*st but knaves and queans : 
But love thou those that honest be, 
And help them in necessity. 
Do thus and all the world shall know 
The pranks of Robin Goodfellow, 
For by that name thou called shall be 
To age's last posterity ; 
And if thou keep my just command. 
One day thou shall see Fairy Land I '' 

Robin, having read this, was very joyful, yet longed he 
to know whether he had the power or not, and to try it he 
wished for some meat ; presently a fine dish of roast veal 
was before him. Then wished he for plum-pudding ; he 
straightway had it. This liked him well, and because he 
was weary, he wished himself a horse : no sooner was his 
wish ended, but he was changed into as fine a nag as you 
need see, and leaped and curveted as nimbly as if he had 



ROBIN GOODFELLOW 93 

been in stable at rack and manger a full month* Then he 
wished himself a black dog, and he was so ; then a green 
tree, and he was so. So from one thing to another, till he 
was quite sure that he could change himself to anything 
whatsoever he liked. 

Thereupon full of delight at his new powers, Robin 
Goodfellow set out, eager to put them to the test. 

As he was crossing a field, he met with a red-faced 
carter's clown, and called to him to stop. 

'' Friend,'' quoth he, *' what is a clock "^ " 

'' A thing," answered the clown, " that shows the time 
of the day." 

'* Why then," said Robin Goodfellow, " be thou a 
clock and tell me what time of the day it is." 

** I owe thee not so much service," answered the clown 
again, ** but because thou shalt think thyself beholden to 
me, know that it is the same time of the day as it was 
yesterday at this time I " 

These shrewd answers vexed Robin Goodfellow, so that 
in himself he vowed to be revenged of the clown, which he 
did in this manner. 

Robin Goodfellow turned himself into a bird, and 
followed this fellow who was going into a field a little from 
that place to catch a horse that was at grass. The horse 
being wild ran over dyke and hedge, and the fellow after, 
but to little purpose, for the horse was too swift for him. 
Robin was glad of this occasion, for now or never was the 
time to have his revenge. 

Presently Robin shaped himself exactly like the horse 
that the clown followed, and so stood right before him* 
Then the clown took hold of the horse's mane and got on 
his back, but he had not ridden far when, with a stumble, 



94 ROBIN GOODFELLOW 

Robin hurled his rider over his head, so that he almost 
broke his neck. But then again he stood still, and let the 
clown mount him once more. 

By the way which the clown now would ride was a great 
pond of water of a good depth, which covered the road. 
No sooner did he ride into the very middle of the pond, 
than Robin Goodfellow turned himself into a fish, and so 
left him with nothing but the pack-saddle on which he was 
riding betwixt his legs. Meanwhile the fish swiftly swam 
to the bank. And then Robin, changed to a naughty boy 
again, ran away laughing, '' Ho, ho, hohf* leaving the poor 
clown half drowned and covered with mud. 

As Robin took his way along a green hedge-side he fell 
to singing : — 

** And can the doctor make sick men well 't 
And can the gipsy a fortune tell 
Without lily, germander, and cockle-shell ^ 

With sweet-brier, 

And bon-fire 

And straw-berry wine. 

And columbine.** 

And when he had sung this over, he fell to wondering 
what he should next turn himself into. Then as he saw 
the smoke rise from the chimneys of the next town, he 
thought to himself, it would be to him great sport to 
walk the streets with a broom on his shoulder, and cry 
** Chimney sweep.*' 

But when presently Robin did this, and one did call 
him, then did Robin run away laughing, '' Ho, ho, hoh I " 

Next he set about to counterfeit a lame beggar, begging 
very pitifully; but when a stout chandler came out 



ROBIN GOODFELLOW 95 

of his shop to give Robin an alms, again he skipped off 
nimbly, laughing as his naughty manner was. 

That same night, he did knock at many men's doors, and 
when the servants came out he blew out their candle and 
straightway vanished in the dark street, with his '* Ho, ho, 
hoh ! '' 

All these mirthful tricks did Robin play, that day and 
night, and in these humours of his he had many pretty songs, 
one of which I will sing as perfect as I can. He sang it 
in his chimney-sweeper's humour to the tune of, '' / have 
been a fiddler these fifteen years.** 

** Black I am from head to foot. 
And all doth come by chimney soot. 
Then, maidens, come and cherish him 
That makes your chimneys neat and trim/' 

But it befell that, on the very next night to his playing 
the chimney-sweep, Robin had a summons from the land 
where there are no chimneys. 

For King Oberon, seeing Robin Goodfellow do so many 
merry tricks, called him out of his bed with these words, 
saying : — 

'* Robin, my son, come quickly rise : 
First stretch, then yawn, and rub your eyes ; 
For thou must go with me to-night. 
And taste of Fairy-land's delight." 

Robin, hearing this, rose and went to him. There were 
with King Oberon many fairies, all attired in green. All 
these, with King Oberon, did welcome Robin Goodfellow 
into their company. Oberon took Robin by the hand and 
led him a fair dance : their musician had an excellent bag- 



96 ROBIN GOODFELLOW 

pipe made of a wren^s quill and the skin of a Greenland 
fly. This pipe was so shrill, and so sweet, that a Scottish 
pipe compared to it, it would no more come near it than a 
Jew's-harp doth to an Irish harp. After they had danced, 
King Oberon said to Robin : — 

** Whene'er you hear the piper blow. 
Round and round the fairies go ! 
And nightly you must with us dance, 
In meadows where the moonbeams glance. 
And make the circle, hand in hand — 
That is the law of Fairy-land ! 
There thou shalt see what no man knows ; 
While sleep the eyes of men doth close ! ** 

So marched they, with their piper before, to the Fairy 
Land, There did King Oberon show Robin Goodfellow 
many secrets, which he never did open to the world. And 
there, in Fairy Land, doth Robin Goodfellow abide now 
this many a long year. 



THE PRINCESS OF COLCHESTER 

Long ago there reigned a king who kept his Court at 
Colchester. In the midst of all his glory, his queen died, 
leaving behind her an only daughter, about fifteen years 
of age. This little lady, from her courtly carriage, 
beauty, and affability, was the wonder of all that knew her. 

But as covetousness is the root of all evil, so it happened 
here. The king, hearing of a rich dame, who had an only 
daughter, for the sake of her riches had a mind to marry 
her ; and though she was old, ugly, hook-nosed, and hump- 
backed, yet all this could not deter him from doing so. 
Her daughter was a yellow dowdy, full of envy and ill- 
nature ; and, in short, was much of the same mould as her 
mother. This signified nothing, for in a few weeks the 
king, attended by the nobility and gentry, brought his new 
queen home to his palace. She had not been long in the 
Court before she set the king against his own beautiful 
daughter, by false reports and evil tales. 

The young princess, having lost her father's love, grew 
weary of the Court, and one day, meeting with her father 
in the garden, she desired him, with tears in her eyes, to 
give her a small pittance, and she would go and seek her 
fortune ; to which the king consented, and ordered her 
mother-in-law to make up a small sum according to her 
discretion. She went to the queen, who gave her a canvas 
bag of brown bread and hard cheese, with a bottle of beer ; 
though this was but a very pitiful dowry for a king's 
daughter. 

97 G 



98 THE PRINCESS OF COLCHESTER 

She took It, returned thanks, and proceeded on her 
journey, passing through groves, woods, and valleys, till 
at length she saw an old man sitting on a stone at the mouth 
of a cave, 

** Good morrow, fair maiden," he said, *' whither away 
so fast < " 

** Aged father," says she, ** I am going to seek my 
fortune/' 

'' What hast thou in thy bag and bottle ^ ** 

** In my bag I have bread and cheese, and in my bottle 
good small beer. Will you please to partake of either «' " 

'* Yes," said he, ** with all my heart." 

With that the lady pulled out her provisions, and bade 
him eat and welcome. 

He did so, and gave her many thanks, and then he said 
to her : ** There is a thick thorny hedge before you, which 
will appear impassable, but take this wand in your hand, 
strike three times, and say, ' Pray, hedge, let me come 
through,' and it will open immediately ; then, a Httle 
further, you will find a well ; sit down on the brink of it, 
and there will come up three golden heads, which will 
speak ; and whatever they require, that do ! " 

Promising she would, she took her leave of him. Coming 
to the hedge, she pursued the old man's directions ; it 
opened, and gave her a passage ; then, coming to the well, 
she had no sooner sat down than a golden head came up 
singing :— 

*' Wash me, and comb me. 
And lay me down softly." 

** Yes," said she, and putting forth her hand, with a 
silver comb performed the office, placing it upon a primrose 
bank. 



THE PRINCESS OF COLCHESTER 



99 



Then came up a second and a third head, saying the 
same as the former. And again she comphed, and then 
pulling out her provisions ate her dinner. 

Then said the heads one to another, ** What shall we 
do for this lady who hath used us so kindly «' '' 

The first said, *' I will add such grace to her beauty as 
shall charm the most powerful prince in the world." 

The second said, ** I will endow her with fragrance 
such as shall far exceed the sweetest flowers/' 

The third said, *' My gift shall be none of the least, for, 
as she is a king's daughter, I'll make her so fortunate that 
she shall become queen to the greatest prince that reigns/' 

This done, at their request she let them down into the 
well again, and so proceeded on her journey. 

She had not travelled long before she saw a king hunting 
in the park with his nobles. She would have shunned him, 
but the king, having caught a sight of her, approached, and 
what with her beauty and grace, was so powerfully charmed 
that he fell in love with her at sight. Forthwith he offered 
her the finest horse in his train to ride upon ; and so, 
bringing her to his palace, he there caused her to be clothed 
in the most magnificent manner with white and gold raiment. 

This being ended, when the king heard that she was 
the King of Colchester's daughter he ordered some chariots 
to be got ready, that he might pay her father a visit. The 
chariot in which the king and queen rode was adorned 
with rich gems and ornaments of gold. Her father was at 
first astonished that his daughter had been so fortunate as 
she was, till the young king made him sensible of all that 
happened. Great was the joy at Court amongst all, with 
the exception of the queen and her ill-natured daughter, 
who were ready to burst with malice and envy of her 



/\](^sm 



loo THE PRINCESS OF COLCHESTER 

happiness ; and the greater was their madness because she 
was now above them alL Great rejoicings, with feasting 
and dancing, continued many days. Then at length, with 
the dowry her father gave her, they returned home. 

The evil-minded sister-in-law, perceiving that her 
sister was so happy in seeking her fortune, would needs do 
the same ; so, disclosing her mind to her mother, all pre- 
parations were made, and she was furnished not only with 
rich apparel, but sugar, almonds, and sweetmeats, in great 
quantities, and a large bottle of Malaga sack. 

Thus provided, she went the same road as her sister ; and 
coming near the cave, the old man said, ** Young woman, 
whither so fast ^ '* 

** What is that to you ^ ** said she. 

** Then," said he, ** what have you in your bag and 
botde < " 

She answered, ** Good things, which you shall not be 
troubled with.*' 

'' Won't you give me some $* " said he. 

** No, not a bit, nor a drop, unless it would choke you." 

The old man frowned, saying, '* Evil fortune attend 
thee 1 " 

Going on, she came to the hedge, through which she 
espied a gap, and thought to pass through it ; but, going 
in, the hedge closed, and the thorns ran into her flesh, so 
that it was with great difficulty that she got out. Being 
now in a most sad condition, she searched for water to wash 
herself, and looking round, she saw the well. 

She sat down on the brink of it, and one of the heads 
came up, saying, '* Wash me, comb me, and lay me down 
softly." But she banged it with her bottle, saying, ** Take 
this for your washing." 




He fell in love with her at sight. 



THE PRINCESS OF COLCHESTER loi 

Then the second and third heads came up, and met 
with no better treatment than the first ; whereupon the 
heads consuhed among themselves what evils to plague her 
with for such usage ! 

The first said, ** Let her be struck with leprosy ! '' 

The second, " Let her hair turn into packthread ! *' 

The third bestowed on her for a husband but a poor 
country cobbler. 

This done, she went on till she came to a town, and it 
being market-day, the people looked at her, and seeing 
such a leper's face, all fled but a poor country cobbler. 
Now, not long before he had mended the shoes of an old 
hermit, who, having no money, gave him a box of ointment 
for the cure of the leprosy. So the cobbler, having a mind 
to do an act of charity, went up to her and asked her who 
she was ^ 

** I am,*' said she, ** the King of Colchester's daughter- 
in-law/' 

'' Well," said the cobbler, '* if I restore you to your 
natural complexion, and make a sound cure of you, will 
you take me for a husband ^ " 

*' Yes, friend," replied she ; " with all my heart ! " 

With this the cobbler applied his ointment, and it 
worked a cure in a few weeks ; after which they were 
married, and so set forth for the Court at Colchester, 

When the queen understood her dear daughter had 
married nothing but a poor cobbler, she fell into fits of rage, 
and hanged herself in wrath. The king gave the cobbler 
a hundred pounds to quit the Court with his lady, and take 
her to a remote part of the kingdom. There he lived many 
years mending shoes, his wife spinning thread, and I hope 
she made him happy. 



LAZY JACK 

A STORY WITHOUT A MORAL 

Once upon a time there was a boy whose name was Jack, 
and he lived with his mother on a dreary common. They 
were very poor, and the old woman got her living by 
spinning ; but Jack was so lazy that he would do nothing 
but bask in the sun in the hot weather, and sit by the 
corner of the hearth in the winter- time. His mother 
could not persuade him to do anything for her, and was 
obliged at last to tell him that if he did not begin to work 
for his porridge, she would turn him out to get his living 
as he could. 

This threat at length roused Jack, and he went out and 
hired himself for the day to a farmer for a penny ; but as 
he was coming home, never having had any money before, 
he lost it in passing over a brook. '* You stupid boy,'' said 
his mother, ** you should have put it in your pocket.'* 
'* I'll do so another time," replied Jack. 

The next day Jack went out again, and hired himself to 
a cowkeeper, who gave him a jar of milk for his day's work. 
Jack took the jar and put it into the large pocket of his 
jacket, spilling it all long before he got home. " Dear 
me ! " said the old woman, '* you should have carried it on 
your head." ** I'll do so another time," replied Jack. 

The following day Jack hired himself again to a farmer, 
who agreed to give him a cream cheese for his services. 
In the evening Jack took the cheese, and went home with 

I02 



LAZY JACK 103 

it on his head. By the time he got home the cheese was 
completely spoilt, part of it being lost and part melted 
in his hair. '' You stupid lout/' said his mother, '' you 
should have carried it very carefully in your hands/' 
" rU do so another time/' replied Jack. 

The day after this Jack again went out, and hired himself 
to a baker, who would giwt him nothing for his work but a 
large tom cat. Jack took the cat, and began carrying it very 
carefully in his hands, but in a short time Pussy scratched 
him so much that he was compelled to let it go. When he 
got home his mother said to him, *' You silly fellow, you 
should have tied it with a string and dragged it along after 
you." " ril do so another time," said Jack. 

The next day Jack hired himself to a butcher, who 
rewarded his labours with a handsome present of a shoulder 
of mutton. Jack took the mutton, tied it to a string, and 
trailed it along after him in the dirt, so that by the time he 
got home the meat was completely spoilt. His mother 
was this time quite out of patience with him, for the next 
day was Sunday, and she was obliged to content herself 
with cabbage for her dinner. '* You ninnyhammer," said 
she to her son, '' you should have carried it on your 
shoulder." " Til do so another time," replied Jack. 

On the Monday Jack went once more, and hired himself 
to a cattle-keeper, who gave him a donkey for his trouble. 
Although Jack was very strong, he found some difficulty 
in hoisting the donkey on his shoulders, but at last he 
managed it, and began walking home with his prize. Now, 
it happened that in the course of his journey there lived a 
rich man with his only daughter, a beautiful girl, but 
unfortunately deaf and dumb. She had never laughed in 
her life, and the doctors said she would never recover till 



104 LAZY JACK 

somebody made her laugh. Many tried without success, 
and at last the father, in despair, offered to marry her to the 
first man who could make her laugh. This young lady 
happened to be looking out of the window when Jack was 
passing with the donkey on his shoulders, the legs sticking 
up in the air, and the sight was so comical and strange 
that she burst out into a great fit of laughter, and 
immediately recovered her speech and hearing. Her father 
was overjoyed, and fulfilled his promise by marrying her to 
Jack, who was thus made a rich man for life. They lived 
in a large house, and Jack's mother lived with them in 
great happiness until she died. 





THE GIANT OF 

5AINT MICHAEL'S 



When King Arthur was king of this realm, it befell at one 
time that he departed and entered into the sea at Sandwich 
with all his army, with a great multitude of ships, galleys, 
and dromons, saihng on the sea. 

And as the king lay in his cabin in the ship, he fell in 
a slumbering, and dreamed a marvellous dream : it 
seemed that a dreadful dragon did drown much of his 
people, and he came flying out of the west, and his head was 
enamelled with azure, and his shoulders shone as gold, 
his body like mails ^ of a marvellous hue, his tail full of 
tatters, his feet full of fine sable, and his claws hke fine 
gold ; and an hideous flame of fire flew out of his mouth, 
like as the land and water had flamed all of fire. After 
him, there came out of the Orient a grimly boar, all black, 
sailing in a cloud, and his paws as big as a post. He was 
rugged looking, roughly ; he was the foulest beast that 
ever man saw, he roared and romed ^ so hideously that it 
was marvel to hear. Then the dreadful dragon advanced 
him and came in the wind like a falcon, giving great strokes 
on the boar, and the boar hit him again with his grisly 
tusks that his breast was all bloody, and that the hot blood 
made all the sea red of his blood. Then the dragon flew 
away all on an height, and came down with such a swough, 
and smote the boar on the ridge, which was ten foot large 
from the foot to the tail, and smote the boar all to powder, 
^ A coat of mail. ^ Growled. 



io6 THE GIANT OF SAINT MICHAEL'S 

both flesh and bones, that it flittered all abroad on the sea. 
And therewith the king awoke anon and was sore abashed 
of this dream ; and sent anon for a wise man, command- 
ing to tell him the meaning of his dream. 

'* Sir/* said the wise man, ** the dragon that thou 
dreamedst of betokeneth thine own person that sailest 
here, and the colour of his wings be thy realms thou that 
hast won, and his tail which is all to-tattered signifieth the 
noble knights of the Round Table. And the boar that the 
dragon slew coming from the clouds, either betokeneth 
some tyrant that tormenteth the people, or else that thou 
art like to fight with some giant thyself, being horrible and 
abominable, whose peer ye saw never in your days. 
Wherefore of this dreadful dream doubt thee nothing, but 
as a conqueror come forth thyself." 

Then after this soon they had sight of land, and when 
they were there, a husbandman of that country came and 
told him there was a great giant which had slain, murdered, 
and devoured much people of the country, and had been 
sustained seven years with the children of the commons of 
that land, insomuch, that all the children be all slain and 
destroyed. 

'' And now late,'' saith this countryman, '* he hath taken 
the Duchess of Brittany as she rode with her train, and 
hath led her to his lodging which is in a mountain, for to 
keep her to her life's end ; and many people followed her, 
more than five hundred, but all they might not rescue her, 
but they left her shrieking and crying lamentably, where- 
fore I suppose that he hath slain her. Now as thou art a 
rightful king have pity on this lady, and revenge us all as 
thou art a noble conqueror." 

'' Alas ! " said King Arthur, " this is a great mischief, I 



THE GIANT OF SAINT MICHAEL'S 107 

had rather than the best realm that I have that I had been 
a furlong way tofore him, for to have rescued that lady. 
Canst thou bring me where this giant haunteth < " 

** Yea, sir/' said the good man, ** lo, yonder where as 
thou seest those two great fires, there thou shalt find him, 
and more treasure than I suppose is in all France/' 

When the king had understood this piteous case he 
returned into his tent. 

Then he called unto him Sir Kay and Sir Bedivere, and 
commanded them secretly to make ready horse and harness 
for himself and them twain, for after evensong he would 
ride on pilgrimage with them two only unto Saint Michael's 
Mount. And then anon he made him ready and armed 
him at all points, and took his horse and his shield. And 
so they three departed thence, and rode forth as fast as ever 
they might till that they came unto the foot of that mount. 
And there they alighted, and the king commanded them 
to tarry there, for he would himself go up into that mount. 
And so he ascended up into that hill till he came to a great 
fire, and there he found a careful widow wringing her 
hands and making great sorrow, sitting by a grave new 
made. 

King Arthur saluted her, and demanded of her where- 
fore she made such lamentation : to whom she answered 
and said, ** Sir knight, speak soft, for yonder is a demon : 
if he hear thee speak he will come and destroy thee ; I hold 
thee unhappy ; what dost thou here in this mountain $* 
for if ye were such fifty as ye be, ye were not able to make 
resistance against this devil : here lieth a duchess dead, the 
which was the fairest of all the world, wife to Sir Howell, 
Duke of Brittany ; he hath murdered her." 

** Dame," said the king, ** I come from the noble con- 



io8 THE GIANT OF SAINT MICHAEL'S 

queror King Arthur^ for to treat with that tyrant for his 
liege people/' 

** Fie upon such treaties/' said the widow, ** he setteth 
not by the king, nor by no man else. Beware, approach 
him not too nigh, for he hath vanquished fifteen kings, and 
hath made him a coat full of precious stones, embroidered 
with their beards, which they sent him to have his love for 
salvation of their people at this last Christmas. And if 
thou wilt, speak with him at yonder great fire at supper/' 

'* Well," said Arthur, ** I will accomplish my message 
for all your fearful words/' 

And he went forth by the crest of that hill, and saw 
where the giant sat at supper gnawing on a limb of a man, 
baking his broad limbs by the fire, and three fair damsels 
turning three spits, whereon were broached twelve young 
children like young birds ♦ 

When King Arthur beheld that piteous sight he had great 
compassion on them so that his heart bled for sorrow, and 
hailed him saying in this wise, — 

** He that all the world wieldeth, give thee short life and 
shameful death. Why hast thou murdered these young 
innocent children, and murdered this duchess ^ There- 
fore arise and dress thee, thou glutton ; for this day shalt 
thou die of my hand/' 

Then the glutton anon started up and took a great club 
in his hand, and smote at the king that his coronal fell to 
the ground. And the king hit the giant again, and carved 
his body till his blood fell down in two streams. Then 
the giant threw away his club, and caught the king in his 
arms that he crushed his ribs. Then the three maidens 
kneeled down and called to Christ for help and comfort of 
Arthur. And then Arthur weltered and wrestled with the 



&>'*€x^ 









He fell in a slumbering, and dreamed a marvellous dream. 



THE GIANT OF SAINT MICHAELS 109 

giant, that he was other while under and another time 
above* And so weltering and wallowing they rolled down 
the hill till they came to the sea mark, and ever as they so 
weltered Arthur smote him with his dagger, and it fortuned 
they came to the place where as the two knights were that 
kept Arthur's horse. Then when they saw the king fast in 
the giant's arms they came and loosed him. 

And then the king commanded Sir Kay to smite off the 
giant's head, and to set it upon a truncheon of a spear, and 
bear it to Sir Howell, and tell him that his enemy was slain. 
** After this," said the Idng, ** let his head be bound to a 
barbican that all the people may see and behold it ; and go 
ye two up to the mountain and fetch me my shield, my 
sword, and the club of iron. And as for the treasure take 
ye it, for ye shall find there goods out of number. So I 
have the kirtle and the club, I desire no more. This was 
the fiercest giant that ever I met with, save one in the 
mount of Arabe which I overcame, but this was greater." 

Then the knights fetched the club and the kirtle, and 
some of the treasure they took to themselves, and returned 
again to the host. And anon this was known through all 
the country, wherefore the people came and thanked the 
king. And he said again, " Give the thanks to God, and 
part the goods among you." And after that. King Arthur 
said and commanded his cousin Howell that he should 
ordain for a church to be builded on the same hill, in the 
worship of Saint Michael. 



JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK 

A WIDOW had an only child named Jack, whom she 
gratified in everything ; the end of her foolish kindness 
was that Jack paid little attention to anything she said, 
and he was heedless and naughty. His follies were not 
owing to bad nature, but to his mother never having chided 
him. As he would not work, she was obliged to sell every- 
thing she had. At last nothing remained but a cow. 

The widow, with tears in her eyes, could not help scold- 
ing Jack. ** Oh ! you wicked boy," said she, '* by your 
naughty course of life you have now brought us both to fall ! 
Heedless, heedless boy ! I have not money enough to 
buy a bit of bread for another day : nothing remains but 
my poor cow, and that must be sold, or we must starve ! ** 

Jack was in a degree of tenderness for a few minutes, but 
soon over ; and then becoming very hungry for want of 
food he teased his poor mother to let him sell the cow ; 
which at last she sadly allowed him to do. 

As he went on his journey he met a butcher, who asked 
why he was driving the cow from home ^ Jack replied he 
was going to sell it. The butcher had some wonderful 
beans, of different colours, in his bag, which caught Jack's 
fancy. This the butcher saw, who, knowing Jack's easy 
temper, made up his mind to take advantage of it, and 
offered all the beans for the cow. The foolish boy thought 
it a great offer. The bargain was momently struck, and 
the cow exchanged for a few paltry beans. When Jack 



JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK iii 

hastened home with the beans and told his mother, she 
kicked the beans away in a great passion. They flew in 
all directions, and fell as far as the garden. 

Early in the morning Jack arose from his bed, and seeing 
something strange from the window, he hastened down- 
stairs into the garden, where he soon found that some of 
the beans had taken root, and sprung up wonderfully : 
the stalks grew of an immense thickness, and had so 
entwined, that they formed a ladder like a chain in view. 

Looking upwards, he could not descry the top, it seemed 
to be lost in the clouds. He tried it, found it firm, and 
not to be shaken. A new idea immediately struck him : 
he would climb the bean-stalk, and see whither it would 
lead. Full of this plan, which made him forget even his 
hunger. Jack hastened to tell it to his mother. 

He at once set out, and after chmbing for some hours, 
reached the top of the bean-stalk, tired and almost ex- 
hausted. Looking round, he was surprised to find himself 
in a strange country ; it seemed to be quite a barren desert; 
not a tree, shrub, house, or living creature was to be seen. 

Jack sat himself pensively upon a block of stone, and 
thought of his mother ; his hunger attacked him, and now 
he felt sorrowful for his disobedience in climbing the bean- 
stalk against her will ; and made up his mind that he must 
now die for want of food. 

However, he walked on, hoping to see a house where 
he might beg something to eat. Suddenly he saw a 
beautiful young woman at some distance. She was 
dressed in an elegant manner, and had a small white wand 
in her hand, on the top of which was a peacock of pure 
gold. She came near and said : '* I will tell to you a story 
your mother dare not. But before I begin, I require a 



112 JACK AND THE BEANSTALK 

solemn promise on your part to do what I command. I 
am a fairy^ and unless you perform exactly what I direct 
you to do, you will take from me the power to assist you ; 
and there is little doubt but that you will die in the attempt/' 
Jack was rather frightened at this caution, but promised 
to follow her directions. 

*' Your father was a rich man, with a greatly generous 
nature. It was his practice never to refuse help to the 
poor people about him ; but, on the contrary, to seek out 
the helpless and distressed. Not many miles from your 
father's house lived a huge giant, who was the dread of 
the country around for cruelty and wickedness. This 
creature was moreover of a very envious spirit, and dis- 
liked to hear others talked of for their goodness and 
humanity, and he vowed to do him a mischief, so that he 
might no longer hear his good actions made the subject of 
every one's talk. Your father was too good a man to fear 
evil from others ; so it was not long before the cruel giant 
found a chance to put his wicked threats into practice ; for 
hearing that your parents were about passing a few days 
with a friend at some distance from home, he caused your 
father to be waylaid and murdered, and your mother to be 
seized on their way homeward. 

** At the time this happened, you were but a few months 
old. Your poor mother, almost dead with affright and 
horror, was borne away by the cruel giant's servants to a 
dungeon under his house, in which she and her poor babe 
were both long kept prisoners. Distracted at the absence of 
your parents, the servants went in search of them ; but no 
tidings of either could be got. Meantime he caused a will 
to be found making over all your father's property to him as 
your guardian, and as such he took open possession. 



JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK 113 

** After your mother had been some months in prison, 
the giant offered to restore her to hberty, on condition that 
she would solemnly swear that she would never tell the 
story of her wrongs to any one. To put it out of her 
power to do him any harm, should she break her oath, the 
giant had her put on shipboard, and taken to a distant 
country ; where she was left with no more money for her 
support than what she got by selling a few jewels she had 
hidden in her dress. 

'' I was appointed your father's guardian at his birth ; 
but fairies have laws to which they are subject as well as 
mortals. A short time before the giant killed your father, 
I transgressed : my punishment was the loss of my power 
for a certain time, which, alas, entirely prevented my 
helping your father, even wl ^n I most wished to do so. 
The day on which you met th butcher, as you went to sell 
your mother's cow, my power was restored. It was I who 
secretly prompted you to take the beans in exchange for 
the cow. By my power the bean-stalk grew to so great a 
height, and formed a ladder. The giant lives in this 
country ; you are the person who must punish him for all 
his wickedness. You will meet with dangers and diffi- 
culties, but you must persevere in avenging the death of 
your father, or you will not prosper in any of your doings. 

''As to the giant's goods, everything he has is yours, 
though you are deprived of it ; you may take, therefore, 
what part of it you can. You must, however, be careful, 
for such is his love for gold, that the first loss he discovers 
will make him outrageous and very watchful for the future. 
But you must still pursue him ; for it is only by cunning 
that you can ever hope to get the better of him, and become 
possessed of your rightful property, and the means of 



114 ]^C^ ^ND THE BEAN-STALK 

justice overtaking him for his barbarous murder. One 
thing I desire is, do not let your mother know you are aware 
of your father's history till you see me again. 

** Go along the direct road ; you will soon see the house 
where your cruel enemy lives. While you do as I order 
you, I will protect and guard you ; but remember, if you 
disobey my commands, a dreadful punishment awaits you/' 

As soon as she had made an end she disappeared, leaving 
Jack to follow his journey. He walked on till after sunset, 
when, to his great joy, he espied a large mansion. This 
pleasant sight revived his drooping spirits ; he redoubled 
his speed, and reached it shortly. A well-looking woman 
stood at the door : he spoke to her, begging she would 
give him a morsel of bread and a night's lodging. She 
expressed the greatest surprise at seeing him ; and said 
it was quite uncommon to see any strange creature near 
their house, for it was mostly known that her husband was 
a very cruel and powerful giant, and one that would eat 
human flesh, if he could possibly get it. 

This account terrified Jack greatly, but still, not for- 
getting the fairy's protection, he hoped to elude the giant, 
and therefore he begged the woman to take him in for one 
night only, and hide him where she thought proper. The 
good woman at last suffered herself to be persuaded, for 
she had a kind heart, and at last led him into the house. 

First they passed an elegant hall, finely furnished ; they 
then went through several spacious rooms, all in the same 
style of grandeur, but they seemed to be quite forsaken 
and desolate. A long gallery came next ; it was very dark, 
just large enough to show that, instead of a wall each side, 
there was a grating of iron, which parted off a dismal 
dungeon, from whence issued the groans of several poor 



JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK 115 

victims whom the cruel giant kept shut up in readiness for 
his very large appetite. Poor Jack was in a dreadful fright 
at witnessing such a horrible scene, which caused him to 
fear that he would never see his mother, but be captured 
lastly for the giant's meat ; but still he recollected the 
fairy, and a gleam of hope forced itself into his heart. 

The good woman then took Jack to a large kitchen, where 
a great fire was kept ; she bade him sit down, and gave him 
plenty to eat and drink. When he had done his meal and 
enjoyed himself, he was disturbed by a hard knocking at 
the gate, so loud as to cause the house to shake. Jack was 
hidden in the oven, and the giant's wife ran to let in her 
husband. 

Jack heard him accost her in a voice like thunder, saying : 
'' Wife I wife ! I smell fresh meat ! '* ** Oh ! my dear,'' 
replied she, '' it is nothing but the people in the dungeon." 
The giant seemed to believe her, and at last seated himself 
by the fireside, whilst the wife prepared supper. 

By degrees Jack managed to look at the monster through 
a small crevice. He was much surprised to see what an 
amadng quantity he devoured, and supposed he would 
never have done eating and drinking. After his supper 
was ended, a very curious hen was brought and placed on 
the table before him. Jack's curiosity was great to see what 
would happen. He saw that it stood quiet before him, and 
every time the giant said : ** Lay ! " the hen laid an egg of 
solid gold. The giant amused himself a long time with 
his hen ; meanwhile his wife went to bed. At length he 
fell asleep, and snored like the roaring of a cannon. Jack, 
finding him still asleep at daybreak, crept softly from his 
hiding-place, seized the hen, and ran off with her as fast 
as his legs could possibly carry him. 



ii6 JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK 

Jack easily found his way to the bean-stalk, and came 
down better and quicker than he expected. His mother 
was overjoyed to see him. '' Now, mother/' said Jack, 
** I have brought you home that which will make you rich." 
The hen laid as many golden eggs as they desired ; they 
sold them, and soon had as much riches as they wanted. 

For a few months Jack and his mother Hved very happy, 
but he longed to pay the giant another visit. Early one 
morning he again chmbed the bean-stalk, and reached the 
giant's mansion late in the evening : the woman was at the 
door as before. Jack told her a pitiful tale, and prayed 
for a night's shelter. She told him that she had admitted 
a poor hungry boy once before, and the Httle ingrate had 
stolen one of the giant's treasures, and ever since that she 
had been cruelly used. She, however, led him to the 
kitchen, gave him a supper, and put him in a lumber closet. 
Soon after the giant came in, took his supper, and ordered 
his wife to bring down his bags of gold and silver. Jack 
peeped out of his hiding-place, and observed the giant 
counting over his treasures, and after which he carefully 
put them in bags again, fell asleep, and snored as 
before. Jack crept quietly from his hiding-place, and 
approached the giant, when a little dog under the chair 
barked furiously. Much to his surprise, the giant slept 
on soundly, and the dog ceased. Jack sei2;ed the bags, 
reached the door in safety, and soon arrived at the bottom 
of the bean-stalk. When he reached his mother's cottage, 
he found it quite deserted. Full of astonishment he ran 
into the village, and an old woman directed him to a house, 
where he found his mother apparently dying. On being 
told of our hero's safe return, his mother revived. Jack 
then presented two bags of gold and silver to her. 



JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK 117 

His mother saw that something preyed upon his mind 
heavily, and tried to find out the cause ; but Jack knew too 
well what the consequence would be should he discover the 
cause of his melancholy to her. He did his utmost there- 
fore to conquer the great desire which now forced itself 
upon him in spite of himself for another journey up the 
bean-stalk, but in vain. 

On the longest day Jack arose as soon as it was light, 
climbed the bean-stalk, and reached the top with some 
little trouble. He found the road, journey, etc., the same 
as before. He arrived at the giant*s house in the evening, 
and found his wife standing as usual at the door. Jack 
now appeared a different character, and had disguised 
himself so completely that she did not appear to remember 
him. However, when he begged admittance, he found it 
very difficult to persuade her. At last he prevailed, was 
allowed to go in, and was hidden in the copper. 

When the giant returned, he said, as usual : ** Wife ! 
wife I I smell fresh meat ! '' But Jack felt quite com- 
posed, as he had said so before, and had soon been satisfied. 
However, the giant started up suddenly, and notwith- 
standing all his wife could say, he searched all round the 
room. Whilst this was going forward. Jack was much 
terrified, and ready to die with fear, wishing himself at 
home a thousand times ; but when the giant approached 
the copper, and put his hand upon the hd. Jack thought 
his death was certain. Fortunately the giant ended his 
search there, without moving the lid, and seated himself 
quietly by the fireside. 

When the giant's supper was over, he commanded his 
wife to fetch down his harp. Jack peeped under the 
copper-lid, and soon saw the most beautiful one that 



ii8 JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK 

could be imagined. It was put by the giant on the table, 
who said : '* Play/^ and it instantly played of its own 
accord. The music was uncommonly fine. Jack was 
delighted, and felt more anxious to get the harp into his 
possession than either of the former treasures. 

The giant's soul was not attuned to harmony, and the 
music soon lulled him into a sound sleep. Jack soon made 
up his mind, got out of the copper, and seized the harp ; 
which, however, being enchanted by a fairy, called out 
loudly : ** Master, master ! *^ 

The giant awoke, stood up, and tried to pursue Jack ; 
but he had drank so much that he could not stand. Jack 
ran as quick as he could. In a little time the giant was 
well enough to walk slowly, or rather to reel after him; 
but as he then was. Jack contrived to be first at the top of 
the bean-stalk. The giant called to him all the way along 
the road in a voice like thunder, and was sometimes very 
near to him. 

The moment Jack got down the bean-stalk, he called out 
for a hatchet : one was brought him directly. Just at that 
instant the giant began to descend, but Jack with his hatchet 
cut the bean-stalk close off at the root, and the giant fell 
headlong into the garden. The fall instantly killed him. 

Jack heartily begged his mother's pardon for all the 
sorrow and affliction he had caused her, promising most 
faithfully to be dutiful and obedient to her in future. He 
proved as good as his word, and became a pattern of 
affectionate behaviour for the rest of her life ; and, let us 
hope, he never lost his mother-wit. 



DICK WHITTINGTON 
AND HIS CAT 

In the reign of the famous King Edward III. there was 
a little boy called Dick Whittington^ whose father and 
mother died when he was very young, so that he re- 
membered nothing at all about them, and was left a ragged 
little fellow, running about a country village. As poor 
Dick was not old enough to work, he was very badly off, 
and often had nothing to eat. But he was a sharp boy. 
On Sunday he was sure to get near the farmers, as they 
sat talking on the tombstones in the churchyard, before the 
parson was come ; and once a week you might see little 
Dick leaning against the sign-post of the village alehouse, 
where people stopped to drink as they came from the next 
market town ; and when the barber's shop door was open, 
Dick listened to all the news that his customers told one 
another. 

In this manner Dick heard a great many very strange 
things about the great city called London ; for the foolish 
country people at that time thought that folks in London 
were all fine gentlemen and ladies ; and that there was 
singing and music there all day long ; and that the streets 
were all paved with gold. 

One day a large waggon and eight horses, all with bells at 
their heads, drove through the village while Dick was 
standing by the sign-post. He thought that this waggon 
must be going to the fine town of London ; so he took 
courage, and asked the waggoner to let him walk with him 

119 



120 DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT 

by the side of the waggon. As soon as the waggoner heard 
that poor Dick had no father or mother, and saw by his 
ragged clothes that he could not be worse off than he was, 
he told him he might go if he would, so they set off together* 

I could never find out how little Dick contrived to get 
meat and drink on the road ; nor how he could walk so 
far, for it was a long way ; nor what he did at night for a 
place to lie down to sleep in» Perhaps some good-natured 
people in the towns that he passed through, when they saw 
he was a poor little ragged boy, gave him something to eat ; 
and perhaps the waggoner let him get into the waggon at 
night, and take a nap upon one of the boxes or large parcels 
in the waggon. 

Dick, however, got safe to London, and was in such a 
hurry to see the fine streets paved all over with gold, that 
I am afraid he did not even stay to thank the kind waggoner; 
but ran off as fast as his legs would carry him, through 
many of the streets, thinking every moment to come to 
those that were paved with gold ; for Dick had seen a 
guinea three times in his own little village, and remembered 
what a deal of money it brought in change ; so he thought 
he had nothing to do but to take up some little bits of the 
pavement, and should then have as much money as he 
could wish for. 

Poor Dick ran till he was tired, and had quite forgot his 
friend the waggoner ; but at last, finding it grow dark, and 
that every way he turned he saw nothing but dirt instead of 
gold, he sat down in a dark corner and cried himself to sleep. 

Little Dick was all night in the streets ; and next 
morning, being very hungry, he got up and walked about, 
and asked everybody he met to give him a halfpenny to 
keep him from starving ; but nobody stayed to answer 
him, and only two or three gave him a halfpenny ; so that 



DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT 121 

the poor boy was soon quite weak and faint for the want 
of victuals. 

At last a good-natured looking gentleman saw how 
hungry he looked. '' Why don*t you go to work, my lad $* ** 
said he to Dick. ** That I would, but I do not know how 
to get any/' answered Dick. ** If you are willing, come 
along with me," said the gentleman, and took him to a hay- 
field, where Dick worked briskly, and lived merrily till the 
hay was made. 

After this he found himself as badly off as before ; and 
being almost starved again, he laid himself down at the 
door of Mr. Fit^warren, a rich merchant. Here he was 
soon seen by the cook-maid, who was an ill-tempered 
creature, and happened just then to be very busy dressing 
dinner for her master and mistress ; so she called out to' 
poor Dick : ** What business have you there, you lazy 
rogue ^ there is nothing else but beggars ; if you do not- 
take yourself away, we will see how you will like a sousingJ 
of some dish-water ; I have some here hot enough to make 
you jump.'' 

Just at that time Mr. Fitzwarren himself came hom^ 
to dinner ; and when he saw a dirty ragged boy lying a^ 
the door, he said to him : ** Why do you lie there, my boy « 
You seem old enough to work ; I am afraid you are inclines 
to be lazy." 

** No, indeed, sir," said Dick to him, ** that is not th^ 
case, for I would work with all my heart, but I do not kno\V 
anybody, and I believe I am very sick for the want o*^ 
food." ** Poor fellow, get up ; let me see what ails you. 

Dick now tried to rise, but was obliged to lie down agair^* 
being too weak to stand, for he had no: eaten any food fd^ 
three days, and was no longer able to run about and beg 
a halfpenny of people in the street. So the kind merchar^^ 



122 DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT 

ordered him to be taken into the house, and have a good 
dinner given him, and be kept to do what dirty work he was 
able for the cook. 

Little Dick would have lived very happy in this good 
family if it had not been for the ill-natured cook, who was 
finding fault and scolding him from morning to night, and 
besides, she was so fond of basting, that when she had no 
meat to baste, she would baste poor Dick's head and 
shoulders with a broom, or anything else that happened to 
fall in her way. At last her ill-usage of him was told to 
AHce, Mr. Fitzwarren's daughter, who told the cook she 
should be turned away if she did not treat him kinder. 

The ill-humour of the cook was now a little amended ; 
but besides this Dick had another hardship to get over. 
His bed stood in a garret, where there were so many holes 
in the floor and the walls that every night he was tormented 
with rats and mice. A gentlemen having given Dick a 
penny for cleaning his shoes, he thought he would buy a 
cat with it. The next day he saw a girl with a cat, and 
asked her if she would let him have it for a penny. The 
girl said she would, and at the same time told him the cat 
was an excellent mouser. 

Dick hid his cat in the garret, and always took care to 
carry a part of his dinner to her ; and in a short time he 
had no more trouble with the rats and mice, but slept 
quite sound every night. 

Soon after this, his master had a ship ready to sail ; and 
as he thought it right that all his servants should have some 
chance for good fortune as well as himself, he called them 
all into the parlour and asked what they would send out. 

They all had something that they were willing to 
venture except poor Dick, who had neither money nor 
goods, and therefore could send nothing. 



DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT 123 

For this reason he did not come into the parlour with the 
rest ; but Miss Ahce guessed what was the matter, and 
ordered him to be called in. She then said she would lay 
down some money for him, from her own purse ; but her 
father told her this would not do, for it must be something 
of his own. 

When poor Dick heard this, he said he had nothing but 
a cat which he bought for a penny some time since of a 
little girl. 

'* Fetch your cat then, my good boy," said Mr. Fitz- 
warren, ** and let her go." 

Dick went upstairs and brought down poor puss, with 
tears in his eyes, and gave her to the captain ; for he said 
he should now be kept awake again all night by the rats 
and mice. 

All the company laughed at Dick's odd venture ; and 
Miss AHce, who felt pity for the poor boy, gave him some 
money to buy another cat. 

This, and many other marks of kindness shown him by 
Miss Alice, made the ill-tempered cook jealous of poor 
Dick, and she began to use him more cruelly than ever, and 
always made game of him for sending his cat to sea. She 
asked him if he thought his cat would sell for as much 
money as would buy a stick to beat him. 

At last poor Dick could not bear this usage any longer, 
and he thought he would run away from his place ; so he 
packed up his few things, and started very early in the 
morning, on All-Hallow's Day, which is the first of 
November. He walked as far as HoUoway ; and there 
sat down on a stone, which to this day is called Whitting- 
ton's stone, and began to think to himself which road he 
should take as he went onwards. 

While he was thinking what he should do, the Bells of 



124 DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT 

Bow Church, which at that time had only six, began to 
ring, and he fancied their sound seemed to say to him : — 

** Turn again, Whittington, 
Lord Mayor of London." 

** Lord Mayor of London ! " said he to himself. ** Why, 
to be sure, I would put up with almost anything now, to 
be Lord Mayor of London, and ride in a fine coach, when 
I grow to be a man I Well, I will go back, and think 
nothing of the cuffing and scolding of the old cook, if I am 
to be Lord Mayor of London at last.*' 

Dick went back, and was lucky enough to get into the 
house, and set about his work, before the old cook came 
downstairs. 

The ship, with the cat on board, was a long time at sea ; 
and was at last driven by the winds on a part of the coast 
of Barbary, where the only people were the Moors, that 
the English had never known before. 

The people then came in great numbers to see the sailors, 
who were of different colour to themselves, and treated 
them very civilly ; and, when they became better ac- 
quainted, were very eager to buy the fine things that the 
ship was loaded with. 

When the captain saw this, he sent patterns of the best 
things he had to the king of the country ; who was so much 
pleased with them, that he sent for the captain to the palace. 
Here they were placed, as it is the custom of the country, 
on rich carpets marked with gold and silver flowers. The 
king and queen were seated at the upper end of the room ; 
and a number of dishes were brought in for dinner. They 
had not sat long, when a vast number of rats and mice 
rushed in, helping themselves from almost every dish. 



DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT 125 

The captain wondered at this, and asked if these vermin 
were not very unpleasant. 

'' Oh, yes/' said they, ** very destructive ; and the 
king would give half his treasure to be freed of them, for 
they not only destroy his dinner, as you see, but they 
assault him in his chamber, and even in bed, so that he is 
obliged to be watched while he is sleeping for fear of them/* 

The captain jumped for joy ; he remembered poor 
Whittington and his cat, and told the king he had a creature 
on board the ship that would despatch all these vermin 
immediately. The king's heart heaved so high at the joy 
which this news gave him that his turban dropped off his 
head. ** Bring this creature to me," says he ; ** vermin 
are dreadful in a court, and if she will perform what you say, 
I will load your ship with gold and jewels, in exchange for 
her." The captain, who knew his business, took this 
opportunity to set forth the merits of Miss Puss. He told 
his majesty that it would be inconvenient to part with her, 
as, when she was gone, the rats and mice might destroy 
the goods in the ship — but to oblige his majesty he would 
fetch her. '' Run, run ! " said the queen ; '' I am im- 
patient to see the dear creature." 

Away went the captain to the ship, while another dinner 
was got ready. He put puss under his arm, and arrived at 
the place soon enough to see the table full of rats. 

When the cat saw them, she did not wait for bidding, 
but jumped out of the captain's arms, and in a few minutes 
laid almost all the rats and mice dead at her feet. The 
rest of them in their fright scampered away to their holes. 

The king and queen were quite charmed to get so easily 
rid of such plagues, and desired that the creature who had 
done them so great a kindness might be brought to them 
for inspection. Upon which the captain called : *' Pussy, 



126 DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT 

pussy, pussy ! ** and she came to him. He then presented 
her to the queen, who started back, and was afraid to touch 
a creature who had made such a havoc among the rats and 
mice. However, when the captain stroked the cat and 
called : '' Pussy, pussy,*' the queen also touched her and 
cried : '* Putty, putty,'' for she had not learned English. 
He then put her down on the queen's lap, where she, 
purring, played with her majesty's hand, and then sung 
herself to sleep. 

The king, having seen the exploits of Mrs. Puss, and 
being informed that her kittens would stock the whole 
country, bargained with the captain for the whole ship's 
cargo, and then gave him ten times as much for the cat as all 
the rest amounted to. 

The captain then took leave of the royal party, and set 
sail with a fair wind for England, and after a happy voyage 
arrived safe in London. 

One morning Mr. Fit^warren had just come to his 
counting-house and seated himself at the desk, when 
somebody came tap, tap, at the door. " Who's there ! " 
says Mr. Fitzwarren ; ** A friend," answered the other ; 
** I come to bring you good news of your ship Unicorn.** 
The merchant, bustling up instantly, opened the door, and 
who should be seen waiting but the captain and factor, 
with a cabinet of jewels, and a bill of lading, for which 
the merchant lifted up his eyes and thanked heaven for 
sending him such a prosperous voyage. 

They then told the story of the cat, and showed the rich 
present that the king and queen had sent for her to poor 
Dick. As soon as the merchant heard this, he called out 
to his servants : — 

'' Go fetch him — we will tell him of the same ; 
Pray call him Mr. Whittington by name." 



DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT 127 

Mr, Fitrwarren now showed himself to be a good man ; 
for when some of his servants said so great a treasure was 
too much for Dick, he answered : " God forbid I should 
deprive him of the value of a single penny/' 

He then sent for Dick, who at that time was scouring 
pots for the cook, and was quite dirty. 

Mr. Fitzwarren ordered a chair to be set for him, and 
so he began to think they were making game of him, at the 
same time begging them not to play tricks with a poor 
simple boy, but to let him go down again, if they pleased, 
to his work. 

** Indeed, Mr. Whittington,'' said the merchant, *' we 
are all quite in earnest with you, and I most heartily rejoice 
in the news these gentlemen have brought you ; for the 
captain has sold your cat to the King of Barbary, and 
brought you in return for her more riches than I possess 
in the whole world; and I wish you may long enjoy them ! *' 

Mr. Fitzwarren then told the men to open the great 
treasure they had brought with them ; and said : " Mr 
Whittington has nothing to do but to put it in some place 
of safety.** 

Poor Dick hardly knew how to behave himself for joy. 
He begged his master to take what part of it he pleased, 
since he owed it all to his kindness. ** No, no," answered 
Mr. Fitzwarren, " this is all your own ; and I have no 
doubt but you will use it well.** 

Dick next asked his mistress, and then Miss Alice, to 
accept a part of his good fortune ; but they would not, 
and at the same time told him they felt great joy at his good 
success. But this poor fellow was too kind-hearted to 
keep it all to himself ; so he made a present to the captain, 
the mate, and the rest of Mr. Fit^warren's servants ; and 
even to the ill-natured old cook. 



1^8 DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT 

After this Mr. Fitzwarren advised him to send for a 
proper tradesman and get himself dressed like a gentleman ; 
and told him he was welcome to live in his house till he 
could provide himself with a better. 

When Whittington's face was washed, his hair curled, 
his hat cocked, and he was dressed in a nice suit of clothes, 
he was as handsome and genteel as any young man who 
visited at Mr. Fitzwarren's ; so that Miss Alice, who had 
once been so kind to him, and thought of him with pity, 
now looked upon him as fit to be her sweetheart ; and the 
more so, no doubt, because Whittington was now always 
thinking what he could do to oblige her, and making her 
the prettiest presents that could be. 

Mr. Fitrwarren soon saw their love for each other, and 
proposed to join them in marriage ; and to this they both 
readily agreed. A day for the wedding was soon fixed ; 
and they were attended to church by the Lord Mayor, the 
court of aldermen, the sheriffs, and a great number of the 
richest merchants in London, whom they afterwards 
treated with a very rich feast. 

History tells us that Mr. Whittington and his lady lived 
in great splendour, and were very happy. They had 
several children. He was Sheriff of London, also Mayor, 
and received the honour of knighthood by Henry V. 

The figure of Sir Richard Whittington with his cat in 
his arms, carved in stone, was to be seen till the year 1780 
over the archway of the old prison of Newgate, that stood 
across Newgate Street, in London. 



THE TEMPLE PRESS, PRINTERS, LETCHWORTH 



^S 



