OCSB LIBRARY -e^^ 



Digitized by tine Internet Arcliive 

in 2007 witli funding from 

IVIicrosoft Corporation 



littp://www.arcliive.org/details/englislifairyotlieOOIiartiala 



THE SCOTT LIBRARY. 



ENGLISH FAIRY AND OTHER 
FOLK TALES. 



,*, »OK TOLJ- LIST or THE VOLOMBS IN THIS SERIES, 
SES CATALOGUB AT BNC OF BOOK. 



English Fairy and other Folk 
Tales. Selected and Edited, 
WITH AN Introduction, by 
Edwin Sidney Hartland. 



THE WALTER SCOTT PUBLISHING CO., LTD. 

LONDON AND FELLING-ON-TYNE. 

NEW YORK: 3 EAST 14TH STREET. 



CONTENTS. 



NURSERY tales- 
Jack THE GlANT-KlLLER 
The Princess of Canterbury 
The Princess of Colchester 
Mr. Fox 
"Tom Tit Tot" 
Jack and the Bean-Stalk 

SAGAS— 
Historical and Local — 

The Story of Saint Kenelm 

Wild Edric 

Lady Godiva 

The Legend of the Sons of the Conqueror 

The Legend of Becket's Parents 

The Fause Fable of the Lord Lathom 

Whittington and his Cat 

The Pedlar of Swaffham 

The Lambton Worm 

Bom ERE Pool .... 
Giants — 

The Origin of the Wrekin . 

The Blinded Giant 
Fairies — 

Worcestershire Fairies 

The Fairy's Midwife . 

The Adventure of Cherry of Zennor 

The Fairy Funeral 

The Piskies in the Cellar . 

Edwin and Sir Topaz . 

The Two Serving Damsels 

The Tulip Bed .... 

The Fisherman and the Piskies 

A Fairy Caught 

Colman Grey .... 

The King of the Cats 

A Myth of Midridge . 

The Green Children , 

The Fairy Banquet 

The Fairy Horn 



CONTENTS. 



Fairies — continued — 
The Fairy Fair . 
The Fairies' Caldron . 
The Cauld Lad of Hilton 
The Fairy Thieves 
The Boggart 
Ainsel ... 
Legend of the Rollright Stones 

The Devil and other Goblins — 
Dando and his Dogs . 
The Demon Tregeagle 
The Parson and Clerk 
Outwitting the Devil 
The Hunted Hare 
The Well of St. Ludgvan 
The Hedley Kow 

Witchcraft— 

The Lord of Pengerswick 
The Witch and the Toad 
Witch and Hare 
The Hand of Glory . 
Betty Chidley the Witch 
The Bag of Flour 
Kentsham Bell . 

Ghosts — 

A Bishop's Ghost 

A Clergyman's Ghost . 

The Haunted PIouse . 

Ghost-Laying Stories . 

The Roaring Bull o' Bagbury 

The White Lady of Blenkinsopp 

The Haunted Widower 

The Ghost of Rosewarne 

The Lady with the Lantern 

Spectre-Dogs 

Billy B 's Adventure 

DROLLS— 

The Wise Fools of Gotham 

The Three Wishes 

The Miller at the Professor's Examination 

Stupid's Mistaken Cries 

The Three Sillies 

Mr. Vinegar 

Lazy Jack 

The History of Tom Thumb 



INTRODUCTION. 



The following collection of English Folk Tales docs 
not pretend to be more than a presentation, in a more 
or less literary form, of a few of the traditional stories, 
formerly no doubt rife in this country, but now fast 
disappearing under the stress of modem life. The 
reader will of course miss many of those with which 
he has always been familiar — many for which the 
term Fairy Tale has always seemed to him to have a 
special connotation. One of the reasons for this is 
that several of such tales are not of true native 
growth, but were introduced from France by means 
of the chap-book translations to which I shall have 
occasion to refer presently. Another reason is to be 
found in the complaint recently made by a distin- 
guished writer that a good version of his old favourite, 
Jack the Giant-Killer, was hard to procure. I have 
indeed ventured to include a version of this particular 
tale, though it can by no means be denied that time 
and circumstances have dealt hardly with it, as with 
many like it The story bears marks of the weathering 



viii INTR OD UCTION. 

of ages, and can no longer be given with its details 
as clear and sharply cut as are those of corre- 
sponding stories in other countries. Nay, even many 
of its outlines are broken and destroyed : it is but a 
poor maimed thing, and, what is worse, it is by no 
means solitary in its ruin. 

This blurring of detail and destruction of outline, 
moreover, only repeats within the limits of the indi- 
vidual story what has been going on with every class 
of traditions. Whole stories have disappeared, and 
are disappearing from day to day. In England and 
in Scotland we have perhaps managed to keep speci- 
mens of every kind of traditional narrative ; but from 
Wales one entire class — and that one of the most 
important — has vanished utterly. The different fates 
of English and Welsh folk tales lead us so far beyond 
commonplace generalities about the decay of tradition, 
that I am tempted to spend a few words upon them. 
In doing so it will be needful first of all to explain 
that Tales or Traditional Narratives are capable of 
being divided into at least five classes — namely, 
Sagas, Nursery Tales, Drolls, Apologues, and Cumu- 
lative Tales. Beast Tales may perhaps be added as 
a sixth class ; but most of the examples can be 
assigned places in one or other of the classes pre- 
viously named. I will not trouble the reader with a 
definition of all these classes : it is only necessary for 
my purpose to explain the first two. 



INTRODUCTION. & 

A Saga is a traditional narrative which is believed 
to be true, and which relates to some definite human 
person who is held to have really lived, or to some 
definite locality, or to the power and deeds of some 
deity or other supernatural being or race of beings. 
Frequently the human person, the definite locality, 
and the supernatural beings are all brought together 
into one Saga ; more usually two only of these 
elements. But in any case it is essential that the 
people by or among whom the story is told should 
have faith in the veritable occurrence of the events 
related. A Nursery Tale, or Mdrchen (to use the 
simpler German name), on the other hand, is not 
believed as an actual narrative of fact. Its hero is 
quite unknown to history : its scene is not laid at any 
special place or period. " Once up6n a time, in a 
certain town or village," is a sufficient description of 
place and period for the obscure son of a nameless 
poor widow. Occasionally, it is true, names are fitted 
to persons and localities. But they are selected at 
random ; and we hear of Scotland, Norway, France, 
or Spain, and their kings, not because it is intended 
to make any assertion concerning those realms and 
their monarchs to which our credence is asked, but 
simply to assist the imagination in following the 
flight of the tale. A Nursery Tale is, like a Saga, a 
narrative which, for want of a better word, and as 
opposed to Drolls, or comic tales, we must call 



z INTRODUCTION. 

serious ; it usually deals with the supernatural, and 
its termination is invariably fortunate : Jack must 
marry the princess, and Cinderella the prince, at last 
As its name implies, it is a tale told to children. 

A considerable number of English and Welsh folk 
tales have been collected and written down. But 
whereas Nursery Tales, or Mdrchen, form a large 
proportion of the stories found in other countries, 
those recorded in England are very few, while it 
is a remarkable fact that not a single mdrchen has 
been discovered in Wales. By far the greatest 
number of English and Welsh stories are Sagas. 
The connection between Sagas and Nursery Tales is 
very close, in spite of the substantial distinction laid 
down above. Indeed, so nearly are they related that 
the same story is frequently told in one place as a 
Saga about a well-known man, or locality, and in 
another as a Nursery Tale, without any greater claim 
upon belief as an account of actual events than the 
fable of the Fox and the Grapes. Many of the 
mdrchen of foreign nations assume in this country 
the form of sagas. What the exact relationship is 
between these two classes of stories has not yet been 
determined. Did all these traditional narratives exist 
first as Sagas ? and did men in the process of time, 
and in the course of their tribal wanderings, forget 
the persons and the periods and the places to which 
properly belonged the incidents they remembered, 



INTRODUCTION. xi 

and continue to relate those incidents apart from 
the names and other particulars ? Or were Nursery 
Tales the first slow growths of human fancy ? and 
after they had been floating about on the waves of 
speech for awhile, did they one after another anchor 
themselves at different spots and upon various human 
and superhuman personalities, and thus obtain more 
or less credit as facts ? Or again, are Sagas and 
Mdrchen independent, but similar, growths, assuming 
the one form in one set of circumstances, and the 
other in a different set? The present state of our 
knowledge does not admit of a definite answer to 
these questions. Their solution, if it is ever to be 
attained, must be wrought out in detail by tracing the 
history of each story separately. But the determina- 
tion of the relations of Saga and Mdrchen is not 
necessary for the consideration of the present prob- 
lem ; for in any case it is quite clear that both kinds 
of tradition are of immemorial antiquity. Not only 
do we find them both fully developed among distant 
savages, such as the Hottentots and the American 
Indians, whose grade of civilisation the Aryan races 
had passed and left behind long ere the dawn of his- 
tory, but the ancient Egyptians have bequeathed to 
us stories of the same kind in manuscripts computed 
by scholars to be at least five thousand years old. 
And it is quite inconceivable that the Welsh alone of 
all the earth were destitute of nursery tales. Moreover, 



xii INTRODUCTION. 

the form and incidents of more than one of the 
famous Mabinogion in the Red Book of Hergest are 
such as to render it highly probable that they have 
been evolved from miirchen. It is equally inconceiv- 
able that the Anglo-Saxon race, which produced 
Beowulf, the Robin Hood ballads, and Chevy Chase, 
to say nothing of the masterpieces of imaginative litera- 
ture whose authors we know, should have been poor 
in those stories which earliest feed the fancy of the 
child. Why then have these mdrchen disappeared ? 

We can only reply by conjecture. But it must be 
observed, in the first place, that sagas, by their very 
nature as pretending to record actual events, have a 
greater chance of life than stories told only for 
amusement, and that chiefly the amusement of 
children. Grown-up men and women forget the 
latter, or become ashamed of them, and try to believe 
that they have forgotten them, while they still accept 
and gravely repeat the former. These they tell to 
travellers, who write them down for the information 
of more advanced or more inquisitive peoples. 
Credulous chroniclers weave them into their narra- 
tives as authentic history. Preachers discourse on 
them at large ; and moralists, or simply gossiping 
writers of anecdotes, use them to illustrate some 
laboured theme, or drag them in for their very 
strangeness. In all these ways English and Welsh 
sagas have become preserved in the amber of litera- 



r 



INTROD UCTION. arili 



ture ; and poets, enraptured with their beauty, have 
rendered many of them imperishable as the mind of 
man. But to the nursery tale, as such, these avenues 
of transmission are closed. The continuance of its 
existence depends upon its popularity with successive 
generations of mothers and children. If anything 
occur to diminish or destroy its popularity, it fades 
out of memory and is no more. True, its separate 
incidents, or the more striking of them, may retain 
an independent life by virtue of their hold on the 
collective imagination of the race. They may be 
taken up into sagas, or even into other mdrcheny or 
transformed into drolls; but the tale of which they 
originally were part vanishes. 

Now, could we suppose that by some means a 
whole cycle of nursery tales should lose its popularity 
and thus be lost, we should have exactly the state of 
things we actually find in Wales, and to a somewhat 
less extent in England, and perhaps the Lowlands of 
Scotland. Every other European country possesses 
an ample store of these narratives ; but few have 
been recorded in the Scottish Lowlands, fewer still in 
England, and none at all in Wales. It may of course be 
said that they have not been sought for. Because they 
are mostly recounted for the enjoyment of children, 
who, as they advance in years, outgrow the infantine 
condition of thought which delights in them, they are 
less easy of collection. Adults who have not really 



xlv INTRODUCTION. 

forgotten them do not care to repeat them except to 
their children ; and strangers who do not specially 
seek them, and that with very great tact, do not hear 
thenx It is no uncommon thing for even an experi- 
enced collector of folktales to meet with much 
difficulty in obtaining mdrchen. Although he may 
find persons willing to communicate their traditional 
lore, he will not easily make them understand that he 
can attach any importance to nursery tales, and when 
he succeeds in doing this his story-tellers will simply 
suppose that he wants to hear them in order to turn 
them into ridicule, and will consequently pretend not 
to know any. It requires, therefore, much patience 
to extract them, and frequently they are only 
discovered by accident. Yet, when all this is taken 
into account, if the Welsh have any mdrclten remain- 
ing, it is at least odd that none of them have been 
recorded. We are accordingly driven upon the 
supposition that they are lost ; and in looking for a 
cause we must not omit from our consideration tlie 
partial loss of similar traditions among the English 
and Scotch. If we can find a cause sufficiently strong 
common to all three nations, and not operating, or 
not operating with anything like the same power, 
among the other European peoples, we shall prob- 
ably be right in assigning that as the true cause. 
This is an historical enquiry which cannot be more 
than summarised here. 



INTRODUCTION. xv 

A reason which would occur to most readers is 
the spread of education, Scotland, since the days of 
John Knox, has been covered with a noble network 
of schools, wherein Scottish boys at all events have got 
the rudiments of literary learning. In England, not- 
withstanding many valuable foundations, education, 
even of an elementary kind, has been greatly restricted 
until the last few years. Yet throughout the country 
such knowledge as existed among the unlettered 
classes has been effectual to the destruction of most 
of the native mdrchen in a somewhat curious manner. 
Perrault's tales, which achieved in France a popularity 
so sudden and complete at the end of the seventeenth 
century, were translated into English, and speedily 
appeared in the form of chap-books with gaudy 
covers and coarse woodcuts. These were dissem- 
inated far and wide ; and Cinderella, Bluebeard, and 
the rest we know so well, like the young cuckoo in a 
sparrow's nest, seem to have ousted the proper brood. 
But in Wales the difference of tongue would have 
prevented the irruption of these foreign stories. 
Schools were not absolutely non-existent, but they 
were very few and poor ; and we cannot lay to their 
charge the loss of nursery tales. It must be due, 
therefore, to some other cause, much wider, much 
more powerful. I find such a cause in the Evangeli- 
cal Protestantism which has so largely prevailed, 
not only in the Principality, but also in Scotland and 



xvi INTRODUCTION. 

England. Sternly monotheistic, its heroes, and they 
have been many, have never been exalted into demi- 
gods, like the saints of the mediaeval Church. Severer 
in its repression of much of the gaiety of life than 
any other religion influential in Europe, it has 
frowned upon all imagination except that of a strictly 
theological cast ; and it has substituted for the idle 
tales of tradition the more edifying and veracious 
histories of Noah, Jacob, and Samson. This is a 
process which has been going on in England and 
Scotland since the Reformation. In the latter 
kingdom it was perhaps weakened by the cessation 
of active religious propagandism down to the early 
years of the present century, owing to the almost 
entire absence of Nonconformity. In England, where 
Nonconformity has always existed, the process has 
been continuously more or less active, and doubtless 
under its influence the obliteration of mdrchen from 
the popular memory had already begun before the 
introduction of the translations from Perrault's work. 
Since the Act of Uniformity, Wales, too, has never 
been without Nonconformists; but, especially in 
North Wales, their numbers were insignificant until 
the rise of Methodism under the preaching of Howel 
Harries and his coadjutors. At that time a religious 
revival similar to, but proportionately much greater 
than, that which was taking place in England 
shook the Principality from end to end. It had an 



INTRODUCTION. rrA 

immediate and important effect on the manners of all 
but the highest classes. Nor was it only the manners 
which were affected. It is no exaggeration to say 
that the whole current of a nation's thoughts was 
changed. Sermons were substituted for football, and 
religious meetings for drunken bouta Those who 
could read read the Bible to their neighbours ; 
spiritual concerns drew men together and formed the 
staple subject of their talk. Nor was this a passing 
phasa The clergy, a great number of whom, intruded 
into their cures from England, were utterly ignorant 
of the language, cared not for the salvation of souls. 
Their duties were performed in the most perfunctory 
manner ; and they gladly escaped from the pulpit to 
*^'the alehouse, from sacred rite to rustic sport Harries, 
Williams, and Rowlands, the fathers of the Welsh 
Methodist revival, were men of another type. Sab- 
bath-breaking, drunkenness, and swearing they could 
not away with ; and dancing and the village games 
seemed scarcely less evil to them, in the face of the 
awful realities of life and death. They could not 
afford to let their converts slip back into these 
sinful practices ; and they accordingly formed them 
everywhere into societies whose moral code, as well 
as their orthodoxy, was of the narrowest and 
most rigid description. Their teaching and example 
quickened the faltering faith of kindred religious 
bodies, and assured the overwhelming predominance 



xviii INTRODUCTION. 

of Protestant Nonconformity. In England, Whit- 
field, Wesley, and the other leaders of the evangelical 
movement were actuated by the same lofty motives 
and pursued the same policy, though with more 
partial success. The general result was beyond 
all question beneficial. Apart from the effect for 
which these earnest men looked and prayed — namely, 
the salvation of souls — civilisation made a great 
stride. Open immorality was suppressed ; brutalising 
sports, such as cock-fighting, and other sorts of 
ruffianism, were discountenanced. Men began to 
have ideals of which not physical, but moral and 
spiritual, force was the distinctive mark. 

In such a movement it was inevitable that many 
of the old popular traditions should be crushed. 
The heart of the movement was the Bible ; and the 
enthusiasm of the early Christians against classic 
heathenism seemed to be revived and directed against 
everything which did not savour of the Bible and 
things divine. The ignoranct which had hitherto 
enwrapped the peasantry began to be lifted ; but the 
light that fell upon them was only that of theological 
speculation and Scripture narrative. A careful quest 
among the writings of the Fathers of Methodism — 
perhaps of other Dissenters — would probably reveal 
condemnation repeatedly directed against lewd songs 
and " old wives' fables," The tendency at any rate 
of their teaching is unmistakable. But we must not 



INTRODUCTION. jdx 

forget that they themselves were extremely cre- 
dulous. John Wesley's diary teems with ghost 
stories, stories of miraculous interpositions of Pro- 
vidence, and so forth, in all of which he placed the 
most implicit faith. His fellow-workers, both in 
England and Wales, were to the full as trustful. 
Hence they would readily accept soma sorts of folk- 
tales. Nay, the imagination would be quickened 
in certain directions under the influence of powerful 
religious emotion ; and sagas of corpse-candles and 
of evil spirits, whether ghost or devil, would become 
doubly dreadful. But stories untouched by the 
prevailing impulse, or which afforded no arguments 
in favour of a preacher's doctrine, would naturally 
recede from view and be lost ; while if any were 
condemned as idle or sinful they would cease to be 
repeated by those who attached any importance to 
the condemnation. Now, nursery tales are treasured 
chiefly by women, for to their lot it usually falls to 
narrate them to their little charges. But women are 
peculiarly susceptible to religious feelings; and if such 
stories were obnoxious to those whom they were 
accustomed to reverence as spiritual guides, there can 
be little doubt what the result would be. 

The influence of such teaching would last as long 
as the religious belief which called it forth retained 
any hold upon the popular mind ; and its prohibitions 
would be extended to every sort of fiction, though 



XX INTRODUCTION. 

they might be modified in course of time. Within 
my own knowledge, however, and doubtless within 
the recollection of many of my readers, in England 
the narration of nursery tales to children has been 
discouraged, and, in some cases, forbidden, for reasons 
in no wise diflfering from those I have indicated. 
This is a subject on which no statistics can be made 
available ; but I suspect that these objections to 
mdrchen have been very widespread. And they have 
been unquestionably reinforced by the discoveries of 
the past century in physical science and by the 
popularisation of knowledge. For many years the 
voice of well-meaning persons has been heard in the 
land exhorting mothers to feed their babes on the 
milk of science and the bread of fact, and not to fill 
young minds with fairy tales which are not true and 
can do no good to them. It is a matter of thankful- 
ness that these tedious beings are no longer listened 
to as they were a generation ago, and that they 
scarcely penetrated into Wales or into the remote 
country districts of England and Scotland. Children 
there were always bred up on stories from the Bible 
and sagas of elves and goblins, ghosts and corpse- 
candles. Facts such as these (and they were all 
looked upon as equally authentic) cultivated the 
imagination, and thus preserved for us many precious 
fragments of old-world thought. 

To the foregoing reasons must be attributed, I 



INTROD UCTION, xxi 

think, the large preponderance of sagas among the 
folktales of this country. A collection like the 
present, though it aims to be representative, may 
perhaps be found to contain a proportion of sagas 
great even beyond the proportion of such tales actu- 
ally extant For not only does its plan exclude the 
familiar adaptations of nursery tales from Perrault 
and other French collections, but sagas are in them- 
selves of greater interest than any other class of 
folktales except mdrchen, and are therefore more 
frequently the subjects of literary reproduction. 
Probably, however, none but scientific students will 
be concerned with the disproportion here hinted at; 
and, after all, it may be replied that this volume is 
not intended — mainly, at all events — for them. It 
is addressed rather to readers whose interest has yet 
to be enlisted in the fairy tales of science — of that 
science which is the Science of Fairy Tales. For such 
readers a few of the traditions of their fatherland may 
perhaps be found a not inappropriate introduction. 

That which is chiefly interesting in all these stories 
is the question of their real origin and meaning. There 
are some readers who, though not scientific students, 
cannot be satisfied without some sort of an explana- 
tion, some " philosophy," as they are pleased to term 
it, of the stories. To such I might recommend the 
plan adopted by several of the philosophers of 
antiquity, and weighted amongst moderns by the 



xxii INTRODUCTION. 

authority of the great writer of The Instauration of 
the Sciences. It is also the plan of the monkish 
compilers of the Gesta Romanorum, who fitted their 
stories with long-winded "applications," as if they 
were expositions of moral and theological truth, 
veiled by parable. The advantage of this mode of 
exposition is that you are not at all concerned with 
what the people who first told the story meant, or 
how they came to tell it All that need be done is 
to consider how you can exhibit your own ingenuity 
by reading into the tale any meaning — preferably 
an ethical one — that may happen to suit your taste. 
Those who have the privilege of listening to the 
sermons of some theologians know the process. 

Theorists like Professor Max Miiller and his dis- 
ciples cannot be put on even terms with clever people 
of this kind, because they profess to tell just what the 
others do not trouble about — namely, the origin and 
true meaning of these tales. It does, however, seem 
a pity they should hamper themselves by assuming 
such a regard for facts. For in truth they have a 
fine imagination, and it would be difficult to find 
in recent English literature more picturesque, more 
glowing passages than ajre to be met with in descrip- 
tions of the sun-hero or the dawn-maiden and their 
various adventures, as seen through the spectacles 
of the Aryan philologists. 

He must be hard to please who cannot content 



INTRODUCTION. xxiii 

himself with one or other of these modes of interpre- 
tation : he can deserve nothing better than to be 
condemned to seek truth by the hard and pitiless 
process of scientific investigation. That is what 
real students of folk-lore are doing. Discarding 
ethical and literary prejudices, they strive first of all 
to track custom, superstition, tale, or song back to its 
earliest form and to discover its analogues wherever 
they can find them. Next, they inquire what inter- 
pretation, if any, do the people among whom the 
custom, the superstition, the tale, or the song is rife 
put on it ; what is their habit of thought, degree of 
civilisation, previous history ; and what can we learn 
by comparing the customs, superstitions, etc., of 
nations in a similar condition. In these inquiries 
special stress is laid on the principle that Tradition is 
one and indivisible. Custom cannot be studied apart 
from superstition, nor superstition from tale or song. 
All are inseparably connected, for all go to form one 
whole, which is the general body of culture possessed 
by a nation, or, as it may happen, by a given class 
within a nation. No doubt this is very laborious, 
very dry perchance, when contrasted with the methods 
expounded in The Wisdom, of tJie Ancients and The 
Mythology of the Aryan Nations. But how fruitful 
of results has it been ! In the hands of men like 
Tylor, Maclennan, Lang, and Gomme, it has taught 
us more about the real thoughts and practices, not 



xxiv INTRODUCTION. 

merely of savage tribes, but of our own forefathers, 
than we ever knew before. We are learning gradually 
what kind of men our forefathers were, how they 
really looked at the world, what was their social 
and economic organisation, what were their religious 
beliefs, and in what manner all these have been 
gradually modified and developed, or else have 
dwindled and decayed, down to the present 
time. The fairy tales now presented to the reader 
are survivals from a period when the supernatural 
beings therein depicted, and the wonderful powers 
wielded either by them or by mortals, were a vital 
part of the belief, and exercised daily and hourly 
influence on the sayings and doings, of everybody — 
even as similar creeds do on the barbarous tribes in 
every quarter of the globe to-day. They were part 
and parcel of a social and intellectual condition which 
has passed, or is rapidly passing, away everywhere. 
But behind this social and intellectual condition our 
inquiries are leading us to the psychological problems 
involved. Why did men believe in witchcraft and 
totems, fairies and giants, gods and devils? Why 
did they practise animal, and even human sacrifice, 
the couvade, infant baptism, initiatory rites on attain- 
ing manhood ? What is the meaning of their funeral 
ceremonies? of their marriage laws? of the extra- 
ordinary variety of regulations affecting social inter- 
course? What mode of reasoning drew them to 



INTRODUCTION. xxv 

these and a thousand other beliefs and practices? 
and why were they led to these rather than to quite 
different ones ? 

Here I can do no more than indicate in this feeble 
and general way the vastness and fruitfulness of the 
field laid open by the scientific method of investiga- 
tion of the phenomena of Tradition. To attempt an 
answer to these questions is not my present task. If 
I have succeeded in awakening the reader's interest 
in the subject, the writings of the distinguished men 
just referred to, and of other anthropologists, and the 
works issued by the Folk-lore Society, will not fail to 
reward him with that true pleasure which the really 
earnest and scientific study of any subject always 
gives. And that is, above all, the pleasure that he 
who has once tasted it must wish for every one 
whom he desires to benefit. 

I have to acknowledge with many thanks the kind 
permission given me by the Council of the Folk-lore 
Society to include several stories from volumes of 
their publications, and the very ready courtesy of 
Messrs. Chatto & Windus, to whom I am indebted 
for liberty to make numerous extracts from the late 
Mr. R. Hunt's Popular Romances of the West of 
England. That book is by far the fullest collection 
of English traditions ; and although the author 
thought it necessary to give a literary clothing to his 
tales, they may nevertheless be regarded as in their 



xxvi INTR on UCTION, 

main lines genuine. The Popular Romances has 
indeed long been recognised as invaluable to the 
student, and full of interest and amusement to all. 
It would also be unpardonable if I failed to mention 
the generous interest taken in this volume by- 
Miss Burne, the enthusiastic author of Shropshire 
Folk-lore^ and queen of English folk-lore collectors. 
To her I owe several valuable suggestions, as well 
as some of the best stories. I have also to thank 
Messrs. Geo. Bell & Sons for their hearty response 
to my application to be allowed to make such large 
use of Keightlcy's Fairy Mythology; Mr. Merton C. 
Thoms and the Right Hon. Sir Chas. W. Dilke, 
Bart, for permission to insert stories from Choice 
Notes; and Mr. Joseph Cowen for a similar permission 
in regard to the Monthly Chronicle of North-Country 
Lore and Legend. No greater service could be 
rendered to students than to compile a continuation 
of Choice Notes from the folk-lore lying scattered 
about the pages of the second and subsequent series 
of Notes and Queries. Can not some one be found 
with sufficient energy and love for the science to 
doit? 

Barnwood Court, Gloucester. 



ENGLISH FAIRY AND OTHER 
FOLK TALES. 



NURSERY TALES, 




jenalisb jfolFi anb fair^ tlalee. 



NURSERY TALES. 



JACK THE GIANT-KILLER.1 

In the reign of King Arthur, there Uved in the county 
of Cornwall, near the Land's End of England, a 
wealthy farmer who had one only son called Jack. He 
was brisk and of a ready lively wit, so that whatever he 
could not perform by force and strength he completed 
by ingenious wit and policy. Never was any person heard 
of that could worst him, and he very often even baffled the 
learned by his sharp and ready invention. 

In those days the Mount of Cornwall was kept by a huge 
and monstrous giant of eighteen feet in height, and about 
three yards in compass, of a fierce and grim countenance, 
the terror of all the neighbouring towns and villages. 
He lived in a cave in the midst of the Mount, and 
would not suffer any one else to live near him. His 
food was other men's cattle, which often became 
his prey, for whensoever he wanted food he would wade 

^ Collated from sundry Chap-books. (Newcastle-on-Tyne, 1711-183$.) 



4 ENGLISH FOLK 

over to the main-land, where he would furnish himself 
with whatever came in his way. The good folk, at his 
approach, forsook their habitations, while he seized on their 
cattle, making nothing of carrying half-a-dozen oxen on his 
back at a time ; and as for their sheep and hogs, he would 
tie them round his waist like a bunch of bandeleirs. This 
course he had followed for many years, so that all Cornwall 
was impoverished by his depredations. 

One day Jack, happening to be present at the town hall 
when the magistrates were sitting in council about the 
giant, asked what reward would be given to the person 
who destroyed him. The giant's treasure, they said, was the 
recompense. Quoth Jack, " Then let me undertake it" 

So he furnished himself with a horn, shovel, and 
pickaxe, and went over to the Mount in the beginning 
of a dark winter's evening, when he fell to work, and 
before morning had dug a pit twenty-two feet deep, and 
nearly as broad, covering it over with long sticks and straw. 
Then strewing a little mould upon it, it appeared like plain 
ground. This completed. Jack placed himself on the con- 
trary side of the pit, fartherest from the giant's lodging, and, 
just at the break of day, he put the horn to his mouth, and 
blew, Tantivy, Tantivy. This unexpected noise aroused 
the giant, who rushed from his cave, crying : " You incor- 
rigible villain, are you come here to disturb my rest ? You 
shall pay dearly for this. Satisfaction I will have, and this 
it shall be, I will take you whole and broil you for break- 
fast," which he had no sooner uttered, than tumbling into 
the pit, he made the very foundations of the Mount to 
shake. " Oh, giant," quoth Jack, " where are you now ? 
Oh faith, you are gotten now into Lob's Pound, where I 
will surely plague you for your threatening words : what do 
you think now of broiling me for your breakfast? Will 



AND FAIRY TALES. 5 

no other diet serve you but poor Jack?" Thus having 
tantalised the giant for a while, he gave him a most weighty 
knock with his pickaxe on the very crown of his head, and 
killed him on the spot. 

This done, Jack filled up the pit with earth, and went to 
search the cave, which he found contained much treasure. 
When the magistrates heard of this, they made a declaration 
he should henceforth be termed Jack the Giant-Killer, and 
presented him with a sword and an embroidered belt, on 
which were written these words in letters of gold — 

" Here's the right valiant Cornish man, 
Who slew the giant Cormelian." 

The news of Jack's victory soon spread over all the West 
of England, so that another giant, named Blunderbore, 
hearing of it, vowed to be revenged on the little hero, if 
ever it was his fortune to light on him. This giant was the 
lord of an enchanted castle situated in the midst of a lone- 
some wood. Now Jack, about four months afterwards, 
walking near this wood in his journey to Wales, being 
weary, seated himself near a pleasant fountain and fell fast 
asleep. While he was enjoying his repose, the giant, coming 
for water, there discovered him, and knew him to be the 
far-famed Jack, by the lines written on the belt Without 
ado, he took Jack on his shoulders and carried him towards 
his enchanted castle. Now, as they passed through a thicket, 
the rustling of the boughs awakened Jack, who was strangely 
surprised to find himself in the clutches of the giant. His 
terror was not yet begun, for on entering the castle, he saw 
the ground strewed with human bones, the giant telling 
him his own would ere long increase them. After this the 
giant locked poor Jack in an immense chamber, leaving 
him there while he went to fetch another giant living in the 

3 



6 ENGLISH FOLK 

same wood to share in Jack's destruction. While he was 
gone, dreadful shrieks and lamentations affrighted Jack, 
especially a voice which continually cried — 

" Do what you can to get away, 

Or you'll become the giant's prey ; 
He's gone to fetch his brother, who 
Will kill, likewise devour you too." 

This dreadful noise had almost distracted Jack, who, 
going to the window, beheld afar off the two giants coming 
towards the castle. "Now," quoth Jack to himself, "my 
death or my deliverance is at hand." Now, there were strong 
cords in a corner of the room in which Jack was, and two 
of these he took, and made a strong noose at the end ; 
and while the giants were unlocking the iron gate of the 
castle he threw the ropes over each of their heads. Then 
drawing the other ends across a beam, and pulling with all 
his might, he throttled them. Then, seeing they were black 
in the face, and sliding down the rope, he came to their 
heads, when they could not defend themselves, and drawing 
his sword, slew them both. Then, taking the giant's keys, 
and unlocking the rooms, he found three fair ladies tied by 
the hair of their heads, almost starved to death. " Sweet 
ladies," quoth Jack, ** I have destroyed this monster and his 
brutish brother, and obtained your liberties." This said, he 
presented them with the keys, and so proceeded on his 
journey to Wales. Having but little money, Jack found it 
well to make the best of his way by travelling as fast 
as he could, but losing his road, he was benighted, and 
could not get a place of entertainment until, coming into a 
narrow valley, he found a large house, and by reason of his 
present needs took courage to knock at the gate. But what 
was his surprise when there came forth a monstrous giant 



AND FAIRY TALES. 7 

with two heads ; yet he did not appear so fiery as the others 
were, for he was a Welsh giant, and what he did was by 
private and secret malice under the false show of friend- 
ship. Jack, having told his condition to the giant, was 
shown into a bedroom, where, in the dead of night, he 
heard his host in another apartment muttering these 
words — 

" Though here you lodge with me this night, 
You shall not see the morning light : 
My club shall dash your brains outright I" 

"Sa/st thou so," quoth Jack; "that is like one of your 
Welsh tricks, yet I hope to be cunning enough for you." 
Then, getting out of bed, he laid a billet in the bed in his 
stead, and hid himself in a corner of the room. At the 
dead time of the night in came the Welsh giant, who 
struck several heavy blows on the bed with his club, think- 
ing he had broken every bone in Jack's skin. The next 
morning Jack, laughing in his sleeve, gave him hearty 
thanks for his night's lodging. " How have you rested?" 
quoth the giant ; " did you not feel anything in the night ? " 
" No," quoth Jack, " nothing but a rat, which gave me two 
or three slaps with her tail" With that, greatly wondering, 
the giant led Jack to breakfast, bringing him a bowl con- 
taining four gallons of hasty pudding. Being loath to let 
the giant think it too much for him, Jack put a large leather 
bag under his loose coat, in such a way that he could 
convey the pudding into it without its being perceived. 
Then, telling the giant he would show him a trick, taking a 
knife. Jack ripped open the bag, and out came all the hasty 
pudding. Whereupon, saying, "Odds splutters, hur can 
do that trick hurself," the monster took the knife, and 
ripping open his belly, fell down dead. 



8 ENGLISH FOLK 

Now, it fell in these days that King Arthur's only son 
requested his father to furnish him with a large sum of 
money, in order that he might go and seek his fortune in 
the principality of Wales, where lived a beautiful lady 
possessed with seven evil spirits. The king did his best 
to persuade his son from it, but in vain; so at last 
granted the request, and the prince set out with two horses, 
one loaded with money, the other for himself to ride upon. 
Now, after several days' travel, he came to a market-town 
in Wales, where he beheld a vast concourse of people 
gathered together. The prince demanded the reason of it, 
and was told that they had arrested a corpse for several 
large sums of money which the deceased owed when he 
died. The prince replied that it was a pity creditors should 
be so cruel, and said, " Go bury the dead, and let his 
creditors come to my lodging, and there their debts shall 
be discharged." They accordingly came, but in such great 
numbers that before night he had almost left himself 
moneyless. 

Now Jack the Giant-Killer, coming that way, was so 
taken with the generosity of the prince, that he desired to 
be his servant This being agreed upon, the next morning 
they set forward on their journey together, when, as they 
were riding out of the town, an old woman called after the 
prince, saying, "He has owed me twopence these seven 
years; pray pay me as well as the rest." Putting his 
hand to his pocket, the prince gave the woman all he had 
left, so that after their day's refreshment, which cost what 
small spell Jack had by him, they were without a penny 
between them. When the sun began to grow low, the 
king's son said, "Jack, since we have no money, where 
can we lodge this night?" But Jack replied, "Master, 
we'll do well enough, for I have an uncle lives within 



AND FAIRY TALES. 9 

two miles of this place ; he is a huge and monstrous giant 
with lliree heads ; he'll fight five hundred men in armour, 
and make them to fly before him." "Alas!" quoth the 
prince, "what shall we do there? He'll certainly chop us 
up at a mouthful. Nay, we are scarce enough to fill one of 
his hollow teeth ! " " It is no matter for that," quoth Jack ; 
"I myself will go before and prepare the way for you; 
therefore tarry and wait till I return." Jack then rode 
away full speed, and coming to the gate of the castle, he 
knocked so loud that he made the neighbouring hills 
resound. The giant roared out at this Uke thunder, 
"Who's there?" He was answered, " None but your poor 
Cousin JacL" Quoth he, "What news with my poor 
Cousin Jack?" He replied, "Dear uncle, heavy news, 
God wot ! " " Prithee," quoth the giant, " what heavy news 
can come to me? I am a giant with three heads, and 
besides thou knowest I can fight five hundred men in 
armour, and make them fly like chaff before the wind." 
"Oh, but," quoth Jack, "here's the king's son a-coming 
with a thousand men in armour to kill you and destroy all 
that you have 1 " " Oh, Cousin Jack," said the giant, " this 
is heavy news indeed! I will immediately run and hide 
myself, and thou shalt lock, bolt, and bar me in, and 
keep the keys until the prince is gone." Having secured 
the giant, Jack fetched his master, when they made them- 
selves heartily merry whilst the poor giant laid trembling 
in a vault under the ground. 

Early in the morning Jack furnished his master with a 
fresh supply of gold and silver, and then sent him three 
miles forward on his journey, at which time the prince 
was pretty well out of the smell of the giant Jack 
then returned, and let the giant out of the vault, who 
asked what he should give him for keeping the castle 



lo ENGLISH FOLK 

from destruction. " Why," quoth Jack, " I desire 
nothing but the old coat and cap, together wiih the 
old rusty sword and slippers which are at your bed's 
head." Quoth the giant, "Thou shalt have them; and 
pray keep them for my sake, for they are things of 
excellent use. The coat will keep you invisible, the cap 
will furnish you with knowledge, the sword cuts asunder 
whatever you strike, and the shoes are of extraordinary 
swiftness. These may be serviceable to you, therefore take 
them with all my heart." Taking them. Jack thanked his 
uncle, and then having overtaken his master, they quickly 
arrived at the house of the lady the prince sought, who, 
finding the prince to be a suitor, prepared a splendid 
banquet for him. After the repast was concluded, she 
wiped his mouth with a handkerchief, saying, " You must 
show me that handkerchief to-morrow morning, or else you 
will lose your head." With that she put it in her bosom. 
The prince went to bed in great sorrow, but Jack's cap of 
knowledge instructed him how it was to be obtained. In 
the middle of the night she called upon her familiar spirit 
to carry her to Lucifer. But Jack put on his coat of dark- 
ness and his shoes of swiftness, and was there as soon as 
her. When she entered the place of the evil one, she gave 
the handkerchief to old Lucifer, who laid it upon a shelf, 
whence Jack took it and brought it to his master, who 
showed it to the lady the next day, and so saved his life. 
On that day, she saluted the prince, telling him he must 
show her the lips to-morrow morning that she kissed last 
night, or lose his head. " Ah," he replied, " if you kiss none 
but mine, I will." " That is neither here nor there," said 
she ; " if you do not, death's your portion ! " At midnight 
she went as before, and was angry with old Lucifer for 
letting the handkerchief go. " But now," quoth she, •* I 



AND FAIRY TALES. ii 

will be too hard for the king's son, for I will kiss thee, and 
he is to show me thy lips." Which she did, and Jack, who 
was standing by, cut off the devil's head and brought it 
under his invisible coat to his master, who the next morn- 
ing pulled it out by the horns before the lady. Thus broke, 
the enchantment and the evil spirit left her, and she 
appeared in all her beauty. They were married the next 
morning, and soon after went to the court of King Arthur, 
where Jack, for his many great exploits, was made one of 
the Knights of the Round Table. 

Having been successful in all his undertakings. Jack 
resolved not to remain idle, but to perform what services 
he could for the honour of his king and country, and 
besought King Arthur to fit him out with a horse and 
money to enable him to travel in search of strange and 
new adventures. "For," said he, "there are many giants 
yet living in the remotest part of Wales, to the unspeakable 
damage of your majesty's liege subjects ; wherefore, may it 
please you to encourage me, I do not doubt but in a short 
time to cut them oflF root and branch, and so rid all the 
realm of those giants and monsters of nature." When the 
king had heard this noble request, he furnished Jack with 
all necessaries, and Jack started on his pursuit, taking with 
him the cap of knowledge, sword of sharpness, shoes of 
swiftness, and invisible coat, the better to complete the 
dangerous enterprises which now lay before him. 

Jack travelled over vast hills and wonderful mountains, 
and on the third day came to a large wood, which he had 
no Sooner entered than he heard dreadful shrieks and cries. 
Casting his eyes round, he beheld with terror a huge giant 
dragging along a fair lady and a knight by the hair of their 
heads, with as much ease as if they had been a pair of 
gloves. At this sight Jack shed tears of pity, and then, 



13 ENGLISH FOLK 

alighting from his horse, he put on his invisible coat, and 
taking with him his sword of sharpness, at length with a 
swinging stroke cut off both the giant's legs below the 
knee, so that his fall made the trees to tremble. At this 
the courteous knight and his fair lady, after returning Jack 
their hearty thanks, invited him home, there to refresh his 
strength after the frightful encounter, and receive some 
ample reward for his good services. But Jack vowed he 
would not rest until he had found out the giant's den. The 
knight, hearing this, was very sorrowful, and replied, " Noble 
stranger, it is too much to run a second risk ; this monster 
lived in a den under yonder mountain, with a brother more 
fierce and fiery than himself. Therefore, if you should go 
thither, and perish in the attempt, it would be a heart- 
breaking to me and my lady. Let me persuade you to go 
with us, and desist from any further pursuit" " Nay," 
quoth Jack, '* were there twenty, not one should escape my 
fury. But when I have finished my task, I will come and 
pay my respects to you." 

Jack had not ridden more than a mile and a hal^ when 
the cave mentioned by the knight appeared to view, near the 
entrance of which he beheld the giant sitting upon a block 
of timber, with a knotted iron club by his side, waiting, 
as he supposed, for his brother's return with his barbarous 
prey. His goggle eyes were like flames of fire, his coun- 
tenance grim and ugly, and his cheeks like a couple of 
large flitches of bacon, while the bristles of his beard 
resembled rods of iron wire, and the locks that hung down 
upon his brawny shoulders were like curled snakes or hissing 
adders. Jack alighted from his horse, and, putting on the 
coat of darkness, approached near the giant, and said softly, 
" Oh ! are you there ? It will not be long ere I shall take 
you fast by the beard." The giant all this while could not 



AND FAIRY TALES, 13 

see him, on account of his invisible coat, so that Jack, 
coming up close to the monster, struck a blow with his 
sword at his head, but, missing his aim, he cut off the nose 
instead. At this, the giant roared like claps of thunder, 
and began to lay about him with his iron club like one stark 
mad. But Jack, running behind, drove his sword up to 
the hilt in the giant's back, which caused him to fall down 
dead. This done. Jack cut off the' giant's head, and sent it, 
with his brother's head also, to King Arthur, by a waggoner 
he hired for that purpose. 

Jack now resolved to enter the giants* cave in search of 
his treasure, and, passing along through a great many wind- 
ings and turnings, he came at length to a large room paved 
with freestone, at the upper end of which was a boiling 
caldron, and on the right hand a large table, at which the 
giants used to dine. Then he came to a window, barred 
with iron, through which he looked and beheld a vast of 
miserable captives, who, seeing him, cried out, " Alas ! 
young man, art thou come to be one amongst us in this 
miserable den?" "Ay," quoth Jack, "but pray tell me 
what is the meaning of your captivity ? " " We are kept 
here," said one, " till such time as the giants have a wish to 
feast, and then the fattest among us is slaughtered ! And 
many are the times they have dined upon murdered men ! " 
" Say you so," quoth Jack, and straightway unlocked the 
gate and let them free, who all rejoiced like condemned 
malefactors at sight of a reprieve. Then searching the 
giants' coffers, he shared the gold and silver equally amongst 
them. 

It was about sunrise the next day when Jack, after seeing 
the captives on their way to their respective places of abode, 
mounted his horse to proceed on his journey, and, by the 
help of his directions, reached the knight's house about 



14 ENGLISH FOLK 

noon. He was received here with all demonstrations of 
joy by the knight and his lady, who in an honourable 
respect to Jack prepared a feast which lasted many days, 
all the gentry in the neighbourhood being of the company. 
The worthy knight was likewise pleased to present him 
with a beautiful ring, on which was engraved a picture of 
the giant dragging the distressed knight and his lady, with 
this motto — 

" We are in sad distress, you see, 
Under a giant's fierce command, 
But gain our lives and liberty 

By valiant Jack's victorious hand." 

But in the midst of all this mirth a messenger brought 
the dismal tidings that one Thunderdell, a giant with two 
heads, having heard of the death of his two kinsmen, came 
from the northern dales to be revenged on Jack, and was 
within a mile of the knight's seat, the country people flying 
before him like chaff. But Jack was no whit daunted, and 
said, " Let him come ! I have a tool to pick his teeth ; and 
you, ladies and gentlemen, walk but forth into the garden, 
and you shall witness this giant Thunderdell's death and 
destruction." 

The situation of this knight's house was in the midst of a 
small island encompassed with a moat thirty feet deep and 
twenty feet wide, over which lay a drawbridge. Wherefore 
Jack employed men to cut through this bridge on both 
sides, nearly to the middle; and then, dressing himself 
in his invisible coat, he marched against the giant with 
his sword of sharpness. Although the giant could not 
see Jack, he smelt his approach, and cried out in these 
words — 



AND FAIRY TALES. 15 

*• Fee, fi, fo, fum ! 

I smell the blood of an English man 1 
Be he alive or be he dead, 
I'll grind his bones to make me bread I " 

'* Sa/st thou so," said Jack ; " then thou art a monstrous 
miller indeed." At which the giant cried out again, " Art 
thou that villain who killed my kinsmen ? Then I will tear 
thee with my teeth, suck thy blood, and grind thy bones to 
powder." "You will catch me first," quoth Jack, and 
throwing off his invisible coat, so that the giant might see 
him, and putting on his shoes of swiftness, he ran from the 
giant, who followed like a walking castle, so that the very 
foundations of the earth seemed to shake at every step. 
Jack led him a long dance, in order that the gentlemen 
and ladies might see; and at last, to end the matter, ran 
lightly over the drawbridge, the giant, in full speed, pursu- 
ing him with his club. Then, coming to the middle of the 
bridge, the giant's great weight broke it down, and he 
tumbled headlong into the water, where he rolled and 
wallowed like a whale. Jack, standing by the moat, laughed 
at him all the while ; but though the giant foamed to hear 
him scofl^ and plunged from place to place in the moat, yet 
he could not get out to be revenged. Jack at length got a 
cart-rope and cast it over the two heads of the giant, and 
drew him ashore by a team of horses, and then cut off both 
his heads with his sword of sharpness, and sent them to 
King Arthur. 

After some time spent in mirth and pastime, Jack, taking 
leave of the knights and ladies, set out for new adventures. 
Through many woods he passed, and came at length to the 
foot of a high mountain. Here, late at night, he found a 
lonesome house, and knocked at the door, which was opened 
by an ancient man with a head as white as snow. " Father," 



i6 ENGLISH FOLK 

said Jack, " have you entertainment for a benighted traveller 
that has lost his way ? " " Yes," said the old man \ " you 
are right welcome to my poor cottage." Whereupon Jack 
entered, and down they sat together, and the old man 
began to discourse as follows : — " Son, I am sensible you are 
the great conqueror of giants, and behold, my son, on the 
top of this mountain is an enchanted castle, maintained by 
a giant named Galligantus, who, by the help of an old con- 
jurer, betrays many knights and ladies into his castle, where 
by magic art they are transformed into sundry shapes and 
forms ; but, above all, I lament the misfortune of a duke's 
daughter, whom they fetched from her father's garden, 
carrying her through the air in a burning chariot drawn by 
fiery dragons, when they secured her within the castle, and 
transformed her into the shape of a white hind. And 
though many knights have tried to break the enchantment, 
and work her deliverance, yet no one could accomplish it, on 
account of two dreadful griffins which are placed at the castle 
gate, and which destroy every one who comes near. But 
you, my son, being furnished with an invisible coat, may 
pass by them undiscovered, where on the gates of the castle 
you will find engraven in large letters by what means the 
enchantment may be broken." The old man having ended, 
Jack gave him his hand, and promised that in the morning 
he would venture his life to free the lady. 

In the morning Jack arose and put on his invisible coat 
and magic cap and shoes, and prepared himself for the 
enterprise. Now, when he had reached the top of the 
mountain he soon discovered the two fiery griffins, but 
passed them without fear, because of his invisible coat. 
When he had got beyond them, he found upon the gates 
of the castle a golden trumpet hung by a silver chain, 
under which these lines were engraved — 



AND FAIRY TALES. 17 

" Whoever shall this trumpet blow, 
Shall soon the giant overthrow, 
And break the black enchantment straight ; 
So all shall be in happy state." 

Jack had no sooner read this but he blew the trumpet, 
at which the castle trembled to its vast foundations, and 
the giant and conjurer were in horrid confusion, biting their 
thumbs and tearing their hair, knowing their wicked reign 
was at an end. Then the giant stooping to take up his 
club, Jack at one blow cut off his head ; whereupon the 
conjurer, mounting up into the air, was carried away in a 
whirlwind. Thus was the enchantment broken, and all the 
lords and ladies who had so long been transformed into 
birds and beasts returned to their proper shapes, and the 
castle vanished away in a cloud of smoke. This being 
done, the head of Galligantus was likewise, in the 
accustomed manner, conveyed to the Court of King Arthur, 
where the very next day. Jack followed, with the knights 
and ladies who had been so honourably delivered Where- 
upon, as a reward for his good services, the king prevailed 
upon the aforesaid duke to bestow his daughter in marriage 
on honest Jack. So married they were, and the whole 
kingdom was filled with joy at the wedding. Furthermore, 
the king bestowed on Jack a noble habitation, with a very 
beautiful estate thereto belonging, where he and his lady 
lived in great joy and happiness all the rest of their days. 



THE PRINCESS OF CANTERBURY.' 

In days of yore, when this country was governed by many 
kings, among the rest the King of Canterbury had an only 
daughter, wise, fair, and beautiful. The king issued a 
decree that whoever would watch one night with his 
daughter, and neither sleep nor slumber, should have her 
the next day in marriage ; but if he did either he should 
lose his head. Many knights and squires attempted it, but 
ended in losing their lives. 

Now it happened, a young shepherd, grazing his flock 
near the road, said to his master, " Zur, I zee many gentle- 
men ride to the Court at Canterbury, but I ne'er see 'em 
return again." " Oh, shepherd," said his master, " I know 
not how you should, for they attempt to watch with the 
king's daughter, according to the decree, and not performing 
it, they are all beheaded." " Well," said the shepherd, " I'll 
try my vorton ; zo now vor a king's daughter or a headless 
shepherd ! " And taking his bottle and bag, he trudged to 
Court Now, in his way he was to cross a river, over 
which lay a plank, and down he sits and pulls off his shoes 
and stockings to wash his feet While he was doing this a 
fish came biting his toes, and he caught it and put it in his 
bag. After this, came a second, and a third, and a fourth ; 
which he put in his bag likewise, and then pursued his 
journey. When he came to the palace he knocked at the 

^ From The History of the Four Kings of Canterbury ^ Colchester^ 
Cormvall, and Cumberland, their Queens and Daughters. Chap-book, 
Falkirk, 1823. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 19 

gate loudly with his crook, and having told his business, 
was conducted to a hall, where the king's daughter sat 
ready to receive him, while the better to lull his senses, he was 
placed in a rich chair, and wines and fine dishes of fruit and 
meat were set before him. Of these the shepherd ate and 
drank plentifully, so that he began to slumber before mid- 
night " O shepherd," said the lady, " I have caught you 
napping ! " " Noa, sweet ally, I was busy a-feeshing." 
" A-fishing ! " said the princess in the utmost astonish- 
ment. *' Nay, shepherd, there is no fish-pond in the hall." 
"No matter vor that, I have been feeshing in my bag." 
*' Oh me ! " said she, " have you caught one ? " Thereupon 
the shepherd slyly drew the fish out of his bag, at sight 
of which she was greatly pleased, and praised it for a 
pretty fish, and said, "Dear shepherd, do you think you 
could catch one in mine too?" He replied, "Mayhap I 
may, when I have baited my hook." Then he did as 
before, and brought out another, which the princess also 
extolled as ten times finer, and then gave him leave to go 
to sleep, promising to excuse him to her father. 

In the morning the king came to the hall, with his 
headsman, as usual, but the princess cried out, " Here is no 
work for you." " How so," said the king, " has he neither 
slumbered nor slept?" "No," said the princess, "he has 
been fishing in the hall all night." When the king heard this 
and saw the fish, he asked him to catch one in his own 
bag. The shepherd then bade the king lie down, and having 
another fish ready, and giving the king a prick with a 
packing needle, he drew out the fish and showed it to his 
majesty. The king said he never knew such fishing before. 
" However," said he, " take my daughter according to my 
royal decree." So the wedding was kept in great triumph, 
and the poor shepherd became a king's son. 



THE PRINCESS OF, COLCHESTER,* 

Long before Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table, 
there reigned in the eastern part of England a king who 
kept his Court at Colchester. He was witty, strong, and 
valiant, by which means he subdued his enemies abroad, 
and planted peace among his subjects at home. Neverthe- 
less, in the midst of all his glory, his queen died, leaving 
behind her an only daughter, about fifteen years of age. 
This lady, from her courtly carriage, beauty, and affability, 
was the wonder of all that knew her. But as covetousness 
is the root of all evil, so it happened here. The king, 
hearing of a lady who had likewise an only daughter, 
for the sake of her riches, had a mind to marry her, 
and though she was old, ugly, hook-nosed, and hump- 
backed, yet all this could not deter him from doing 
so. Her daughter was a yellow dowdy, full of envy and 
ill-nature ; and, in short, was much of the same mould as her 
mother. This signified nothing, for in a few weeks the king, 
attended by the nobility and gentry, brought his deformed 
bride to his palace, where the marriage rites were performed. 
They had not been long in the court before they set the 
king against his own beautiful daughter, which was done by 
false reports and accusations. The young princess, having 
lost her father's love, grew weary of the court, and one day, 

^ From The History of the Four Kings of Canterbury ^ Colchester^ 
Cornwall, and Cumberland, their Queens and Daughters, Chap-book, 
Falkirk, 1823. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. i\ 

meeting with her father in the garden, she desired him, 
with tears in her eyes, to give her a small subsistence, and 
she would go and seek her fortune; to which the king 
consented, and ordered her mother-in-law to make up a 
small sum according to her discretion. She went to the 
queen, who gave her a canvas bag of brown bread 
and hard cheese, with a bottle of beer; though this 
was but a very pitiful dowry for a king's daughter. She 
took it, returned thanks, and proceeded on her journey, 
passing through groves, woods, and valleys, till at 
length she saw an old man sitting on a stone at the mouth 
of a cave, who said, " Good morrow, fair maiden, whither 
away so fast ? " " Aged father," says she, " I am going to 
seek my fortune." "What hast thou in thy bag and 
bottle ? " " In my bag I have got bread and cheese, and 
in my bottle good small beer. Will you please to partake 
of either?" "Yes," said he, "with all my heart." With 
that the lady pulled out her provisions, and bade him eat 
and welcome. He did so, and gave her many thanks, 
saying thus : " There is a thick thorny hedge before you, 
which will appear impassable, but take this wand in your 
hand, strike three times, and say, ' Pray, hedge, let me 
come through,' and it will open immediately; then, a little 
further, you will find a well ; sit down on the brink of it, 
and there will come up three golden heads, which will 
speak; and whatever they require, that do." Promising 
she would, she took her leave of him. Coming to the 
hedge, and pursuing the old man's directions, it divided, 
and gave her a passage; then, coming to the well, she 
had no sooner sat down than a golden head came up 
singing— 

" Wash me, and comb me, 
And lay me down softly." 



a» ENGLISH FOLK 

" Yes," said she, and putting forth her hand, with a silver 
comb performed the office, placing it upon a primrose bank. 
Then came up a second and a third head, saying the same 
as the former, which she complied with, and then pulling out 
her provisions, ate her dinner. Then said the heads one to 
another, "What shall we do for this lady who hath used us 
so kindly?" The first said, * I will cause such addition 
to her beauty as shall charm the most powerful prince in 
the world." The second said, "I will endow her with 
such perfume, both in body and breath, as shall far exceed 
the sweetest flowers." The third said, " My gift shall be 
none of the least, for, as she is a king's daughter, I'll 
make her so fortunate that she shall become queen to the 
greatest prince that reigns." This done, at their request 
she let them down into the well again, and so proceeded on 
her journey. She had not travelled long before she saw 
a king hunting in the park with his nobles. She would 
have shunned him, but the king, having caught a sight of 
her, approached, and what with her beauty and perfumed 
breath, was so powerfully smitten that he was not able to 
subdue his passion, but proceeded at once to courtship, and 
after some embraces gained her love, and, bringing her to 
his palace, caused her to be clothed in the most magnificent 
manner. 

This being ended, and the king finding that she was the 
King of Colchester's daughter, ordered some chariots to be 
got ready, that he might pay the king a visit. The chariot 
in which the king and queen rode was adorned with rich 
ornamental gems of gold. The king, her father, was at 
first astonished that his daughter had been so fortunate as 
she was, till the young king made him sensible of all that 
happened. Great was the joy at court amongst all, with 
the exception of the queen and her club-footed daughter, 



AND FAIRY TALES. a3 

who were ready to burst with malice, and envied her 
happiness; and the greater was their madness because 
she was now above them alL Great rejoicings, with feast- 
ing and dancing, continued many days. Then at length, 
with the dowry her father gave her, they returned home. 

The hump-backed sister-in-law, perceiving that her sister 
was so happy in seeking her fortune, would needs do the 
same ; so, disclosing her mind to her mother, all prepara- 
tions were made, and she was furnished not only with rich 
apparel, but sugar, almonds, and sweetmeats, in great 
quantities, and a large bottle of Malaga sack. Thus pro- 
vided, she went the same road as her sister; and coming 
near the cave, the old man said, " Young woman, whither 
so fast?" "What is that to you?" said she. "Then," 
said he, " what have you in your bag and bottle ? " She 
answered, "Good things, which you shall not be troubled 
with." " Won't you give me some ? " said he. " No, not a 
bit, nor a drop, unless it would choke you." The old man 
frowned, saying, " Evil fortune attend thee ! " Going on, 
she came to the hedge, through which she espied a gap, 
and thought to pass through it ; but, going in, the hedge 
closed, and the thorns ran into her flesh, so that it was with 
great difficulty that she got out Being now in a bloody 
condition, she searched for water to wash herself, and, look- 
ing round, she saw the well. She sat down on the brink of 
it, and one of the heads came up, saying, " Wash me, comb 
me, and lay me down softly," as before, but she banged it 
with her bottle, saying, "Take this for your washing." 
So the second and third heads came up, and met 
with no better treatment than the first; whereupon the 
heads consulted among themselves what evils to plague her 
with for such usage. The first said, " Let her be struck 
with leprosy in her face." The second, " Let an additional 



24 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

stink be added to her breath." The third bestowed on hei 
for a husband but a poor country cobbler. This done, 
she goes on till she came to a town, and it being market- 
day, the people looked at her, and, seeing such a mangy 
face, all fled but a poor country cobbler, who not long 
before had mended the shoes of an old hermit, who, having 
no money, gave him a box of ointment for the cure of 
the leprosy, and a bottle of spirits for a stinking breath. 
Now the cobbler, having a mind to do an act of charity, 
was induced to go up to her and ask her who she was. 

" I am," said she, " the King of Colchester's daughter-in- 
law." "Well," said the cobbler, "if I restore you to 
your natural complexion, and make a sound cure both in 
face and breath, will you in reward take me for a hus- 
band ? " " Yes, friend," replied she ; " with all my heart ! " 
With this the cobbler applied the remedies, and they 
worked the effect in a few weeks; after which they were 
married, and so set forward for the Court at Colchester. 
When the queen understood she had married nothing but 
a poor cobbler, she fell into distraction, and hanged herself 
in wrath. The death of the queen pleased the king, who 
was glad to be rid of her so soon, and he gave the cobbler 
a hundred pounds to quit the Court with his lady, and 
take her to a remote part of the kingdom, where he lived 
many years mending shoes, his wife spinning thread. 



MR. F0X.1 

Once upon a time there was a young lady called Lady 
Mary, who had two brothers. One summer they all three 
went to a country seat of theirs, which they had not before 
visited. Among the other gentry in the neighbourhood 
who came to see them was a Mr. Fox, a bachelor, with 
whom they, particularly the young lady, were much pleased. 
He used often to dine with them, and frequently invited 
Lady Mary to come and see his house. One day that 
her brothers were absent elsewhere, and she had nothing 
better to do, she determined to go thither, and accordingly 
set out unattended. When she arrived at the house and 
knocked at the door, no one answered. 

At length she opened it and went in ; over the portal of 
the door was written — 

" Be bold, be bold, but not too bold." 

She advanced ; over the staircase was the same inscription. 
She went up; over the entrance of a gallery, the same 
again. Still she went on, and over the door of a chamber 
found written — 

'• Be bold, be bold, but not too bold, 
Lest that your heart's blood should run cold t " 

^ Malone's Shakspeare (1821), vol. vii. p. 163. See note at end of 
story. 



a6 ENGLISH FOLK 

She opened it ; it was full of skeletons and tubs of blood. 
She retreated in haste, and, coming downstairs, saw from a 
window Mr. Fox advancing towards the house with a drawn 
sword in one hand, while with the other he dragged along 
a young lady by her hair. Lady Mary had just time 
to slip down and hide herself under the stairs before 
Mr. Fox and his victim arrived at the foot of them. As he 
pulled the young lady upstairs, she caught hold of one of 
the bannisters with her hand, on which was a rich bracelet. 
Mr. Fox cut it off with his sword. The hand and bracelet 
fell into Lady Mary's lap, who then contrived to escape 
unobserved, and got safe home to her brothers' house. 

A few days afterwards Mr. Fox came to dine with them 
as usual. After dinner the guests began to amuse each 
other with extraordinary anecdotes, and Lady Mary said 
she would relate to them a remarkable dream she had lately 
had. I dreamt, said she, that as you, Mr. Fox, had often 
invited me to your house, I would go there one morning. 
When I came to the house I knocked at the door, but no 
one answered. When I opened the door, over the hall I 
saw written, "Be bold, be bold, but not too bold." But, 
said she, turning to Mr. Fox, and smiling, " It is not so^ 
nor it was not so." Then she pursued the rest of the story, 
concluding at every turn with, " It is not so, nor it was not 
so," till she came to the room full of skeletons, when 
Mr. Fox took up the burden of the tale, and said — 

" It is not so, nor it was not so, 
And God forbid it should be so ! " — 

which he continued to repeat at every subsequent ttim of 
the dreadful story, till she came to the circumstance of his 
cutting off the young lady's hand, when, upon his saying, as 
usual — 



AND FAIRY TALES, , 27 

" It is not so, nor it was not so, 
And God forbid it should be so T— * 

Lady Mary retorts by saying — 

'• But it is so, and it was so, 
And here the hand I have to show 1" — 

at the same moment producing the hand and bracelet from 
her lap, whereupon the guests drew their swords, and 
instantly cut Mr. Fox into a thousand pieces. 

* This story was contributed to Malone's Shakspeare by Blake- 
way, in elucidation of Benedict's speech in *• Much Ado about 
Nothing," Act i.. Scene i — " Like the old tale, my Lord: it is not so, 
nor 'twas not so ; but indeed, God forbid it should be so 1 " Blakeway 
adds that this is evidently an allusion to the tale of " Mr. Fox," 
" which Shakspeare may have beard, as I have, related by a great-aunt, 
in childhood." 



"TOM TIT TOT."i 

Once upon a time there were a woman, and she baked five 
pies. And when they come out of the oven, they was that 
overbaked the crast were too hard to eat. So she says to 
her darter : 

"MaVr/'^ says she, "put you them there pies on the 
shelf, an' leave 'em there a little, an' they'll come again." — 
She meant, you know, the crust 'ud get soft. 

But the gal, she says to herself: "Well, if they'll come 
agin, I'll ate 'em now." And she set to work and ate 'em 
all, first and last. 

Well, come supper-time the woman she said : " Goo you, 
and git one o' them there pies. I dare say they've come 
agin now." 

The gal she went an' she looked, and there warn't nothin' 
but the dishes. So back she come and says she: "Noo, 
they ain't come agin." 

" Not none on 'em ? " says the mother. 

" Not none on 'em," says she. 

^ Folk-Lore Journal, vol. vli. p. 138, quoted by Mr. Edward Clodd 
from an old number of the Ipswich Journal. 

' •' Mawther," remarks J. G. Nail in his Glossary of the Dialect 
and Provincialisms of East Anglia (Longman, 1866), " is the most 
curious word in the East Anglian vocabulary. A woman and her 
mawther means a woman and her daughter." The word is without 
doubt derived from the same root as ** maid " and cognate words, 
upon which cf. Skeat's Elymol. Dictionary, s. v. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 29 

"Well, come agin, or not come agin," says the woman, 
"111 ha' one for supper." 

" But you can't, if they ain't come," says the gaL 

" But I can," says she. " Goo you, and bring the best of 
'em." 

" Best or worst," says the gal, " I've ate 'em all, and you 
can't ha' one till that's come agin." 

Well, the woman she were wholly bate, and she took her 
spinnin' to the door to spin, and as she span she sang : 

'* My darter ha' ate five, five pies to-day. 
My darter ha' ate five, five pies to-day." 

The king he were a comin' down the street, an' he hard 
her sing, but what she sang he couldn't hare, so he stopped 
and said : 

" What were that you was a singun of, maw'r ? " 
The woman she were ashamed to let him hare what her 
darter had been a doin', so she sang, 'stids o' that : 

" My darter ha' spun five, five skeins to-day. 
My darter ha' spun five, five skeins to-day." 

" S'ars o' mine ! " said the king, " I never heard tell of 
any one as could do that." 

Then he said: "Look you here, T want a wife, and I'll 
marry your darter. But look you here," says he, " 'leven 
months out o' the year she shall have all the vittles she likes 
to eat, and all the gownds she likes to git, and all the 
cumpny she likes to hev; but the last month o' the year 
she'll ha' to spin five skeins iv'ry day, an' if she doon't, I 
shall kill her." 

" All right," says the woman ; for she thowt what a grand 
marriage that was. And as for them five skeins, when te 



30 ENGLISH FOLK 

come tew, there'd be plenty o' ways of gettin' out of it, and 
likeliest, he'd ha' forgot about it 

Well, so they was married. An' for 'leven months the 
gal had all the vittles she liked to ate, and all the gownds 
she liked to git, an' all the cumpny she liked to hev. 

But when the time was gettin' oover, she began to think 
about them there skeins an' to wonder if he had 'em in 
mind But not one word did he say about 'em, an' she 
whooUy thowt he'd forgot 'em. 

Howsivir, the last day o' the last month he takes her to a 
room she'd niver set eyes on afore. There worn't nothing 
in it but a spinnin'-wheel and a stool. An' says he: " Now, 
my dear, hare yow'U be shut in to-morrow with some vittles 
and some flax, and if you hain't spun five skeins by the 
night, yar hid '11 goo off." 

An' awa' he went about his business. 

Well, she were that frightened, she'd alius been such a 
gatless mawther, that she didn't so much as know how to 
spin, an' what were she to dew to-morrer, with no one to 
come nigh her to help her. She sat down on a stool in the 
kitchen, and lork ! how she did cry ! 

Howsivir, all on a sudden she hard a sort of a knockin' 
low down on the door. She upped and oped it, an' what 
should she see but a small little black thing with a long tail. 
That looked up at her right kewrious, an' that said : 

" What are yew a cry in' for ? " 

" Wha's that to yew ? " says she. 

" Niver yew mind," that said, " but tell me what you're 
a cry in' for." 

" That oon't dew me noo good if I dew," says she. 

" Yew doon't know that," that said, an' twirled that's tail 
round. 

"Well,'' says she, "that oon't dew no harm, if that doon't 



AND FAIRY TALES. %l 

dew no good," and she upped and told about the pies, an' 
the skeins, an' everything. 

" This is what I'll dew," says the little black thing, " 111 
come to yar winder iv'ry momin' an' take the flax an' bring 
it spun at night" 

** What's your pay ? " says she. 

That looked out o' the comer o' that's eyes, an' that said : 
" I'll give you three guesses every night to guess my name, 
an' if you hain't guessed it afore the month's up, yew shall 
be mine." 

Well, she thowt she'd be sure to guess that's name afore 
the month was up. " All right," says she, " I agree." 

" All right," that says, an' lork ! how that twirled that's 
tail. 

Well, the next day, her husband he took her inter the 
room, an' there was the flax an' the day's vittles. 

" Now there's the flax," says he, " an' if that ain't spun 
up this night, off goo yar hid." An' then he went out an' 
locked the door. 

He'd hardly goon when there was a knockin' agin the 
winder. 

She upped and she oped it, and there sure enough was 
the little oo'd thing a settin' on the ledge. 

" Where's the flax ? " says he. 

" Here te be," says she. And she gonned it to him 

Well, come the evenin' a knockin' come agin to the 
winder. She upped an' she oped it, and there were the little 
oo'd thing with five skeins of flax on his arm. 

" Here te be," says he, an' he gonned it to her. 

" Now, what's my name ? " says he. 

" What, is that Bill ? " says she. 

" Noo, that ain't," says he, an' he twirled his tail. 

" Is that Ned ? " says she. 



3a ENGLISH FOLK 

" Noo, that ain't," says he, an' he twirled his tail 

" Well, is that Mark? " says she. 

" Noo, that ain't," says he, an' he twirled his tail harder, 
an' awa' he' flew. 

Well, when har husban' he come in, there was the five 
skeins riddy for him. " I see I shorn't hev for to kill you 
to-night, me dare," says he ; " yew'll hev yar vittles and yar 
flax in the morn in'," says he, an' away he goes. 

Well, ivery day the flax an' the vittles they was browt, 
an' ivery day that there little black impet used for to come 
mornins and evenins. An' all the day the mawther she set 
a tryin' fur to think of names to say to it when te come at 
night But she niver hot on the right one. An' as that got 
to-warts the ind o' the month, the impet that began for to 
look soo maliceful, an' that twirled that's tail faster an' faster 
each time she gave a guess. 

At last te came to the last day but one. The impet that 
come at night along o' the five skeins, and that said : 

" What, ain't yew got my name yet ? " 

" Is that Nicodemus ? " says she. 

" Noo, t*ain't," that says. 

" Is that Sammle? " says she. 

" Noo, t'ain't," that says. 

" A-well, is that Methusalem ? " says she. 

" Noo, t'ain't that norther," that says. 

Then that looks at her with that's eyes like a cool o' fire, 
an' that says: " Woman, there's only to-morrer night, an' then 
yar'U be mine ! " An' away te flew. 

Well, she felt that horrudi Howsomediver, she hard the 
king a comin' along the passage. In he came, an' when he 
see the five skeins, he says, says he : 

" Well, me dare," says he. " I don't see but what yew'll 
ha' your skeins ready to-morrer night as well, an' as I reckon 



AND FAIRY TALES, 33 

I shorn't ha' to kill yon, I'll ha' supper in here to-night." 
So they brought supper, an' another stool for him, and down 
the tew they sat 

Well, he hadn't eat but a mouthful or so, when he stops 
an' begins to laugh. 

"What is it?" says she. 

" A- why," says he, "I was out a huntin' to-day, an' I got 
away to a place in the wood I'd never seen afore. An' 
there was an old chalk-pit. An' I heerd a sort of a hummin', 
kind o*. So I got off my hobby, an' I went right quiet to 
the pit, an' I looked down. Well, what should there be but 
the funniest little black thing yew iver set eyes on. An' 
what was that a dewin' on, but that had a little spinnin'- 
wheel, an' that were a spinnin' wonnerful fast, an' a twirlin' 
that's tail An' as that span, that sang : 

" ' Nimmy nimmy not 

My name's Tom Tit Tot.' " 

Well, when the mawther heerd this, she fared as if she 
could ha' jumped outer her skin for joy, but she di'n't say a 
word. 

Next day that there little thing looked soo maliceful 
when he come for the flax. An' when night came, she 
heerd that a knockin' agin the winder panes. She oped 
the winder, an' that come right in on the ledge. That were 
grinnin' from are to are, an' Oo ! tha's tail were twirlin' 
round so fast. 

" What's my name? " that says, as that gonned her the 
skeins. 

" Is that Solomon ? " she says, pretendin' to be afeard. 

" Noo, t'ain't," that says, an' that come fudder inter the 
room. 



34 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

" Well, is that Zebedee ? " says she agin. 

•' Noo, t'ain't," says the impet An' then that laughed 
an' twirled that's tail till yew cou'n't hardly see it 

" Take time, woman," that says ; " next guess, an' you're 
mine." An' that stretched out that's black hands at her. 

Well, she backed a step or two, an' she looked at it, and 
then she laughed out, an' says she, a pointin' of her finger 

at it: 

" Nimmy nimmy not 
Yar name's Tom Tit Tot." 

Well, when that hard her, that shruck awful an' awa' that 
flew into the dark, an' she niver saw it noo more. 



JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK.* 

There lived a poor widow, whose cottage stood in a 
country village, a long distance from London, for many 
years. 

The widow had only a child named Jack, whom she 
gratified in everything; the consequence of her partiality 
was, that Jack paid little attention to anything she said; 
and he was heedless and extravagant. His follies were not 
owing to bad disposition, but to his mother never having 
chided him. As she was not wealthy, and he would not 
work, she was obliged to support herself and him by selling 
everything she had. At last nothing remained only a cow. 

The widow, with tears in her eyes, could not help 
reproaching Jack. " Oh I you wicked boy," said she, " by 
your prodigal course of life you have now brought us both 
to fall ! Heedless, heedless boy ! I have not money 
enough to buy a bit of bread for another day: nothing 
remains but my poor cow, and that must be sold, or we 
must starve ! " 

Jack was in a degree of tenderness for a few minutes, but 
soon over ; and then becoming very hungry for want of food 
he teased his poor mother to let him sell the cow ; to which 
at last she reluctantly consented. 

As he proceeded on his journey he met a butcher, who 
inquired why he was driving the cow from home? Jack 
replied he was going to sell it. The butcher had some 

^ From a Chap-book. 



36 ENGLISH FOLK 

wonderful beans, of different colours, in his bag, which 
attracted Jack's notice. This the butcher saw, who, knowing 
Jack's easy temper, resolved to take advantage of it, and 
offered all the beans for the cow. The foolish boy thought 
it a great offer. The bargain was momently struck, and 
the cow exchanged for a few paltry beans. When Jack 
hastened home with the beans and told his mother, and 
showed them to her, she kicked the beans away in a great 
passion. They flew in all directions, and were extended as 
far as the garden. 

Early in the morning Jack arose from his bed, and 
seeing something strange from the window, he hastened 
downstairs into the garden, where he soon found that 
some of the beans had grown in root, and sprung up wonder- 
fully : the stalks grew in an immense thickness, and had so 
entwined, that they formed a ladder like a chain in view. 

Looking upwards, he could not descry the top, it seemed 
to be lost in the clouds. He tried it, discovered it firm, and 
not to be shaken. A new idea immediately struck him : he 
would climb the bean-stalk, and see to whence it would 
lead. Full of this plan, which made him forget even his 
hunger, Jack hastened to communicate his intention to his 
mother. 

He instantly set out, and after climbing for some hours, 
reached the top of the bean-stalk, fatigued and almost 
exhausted. Looking round, he was surprised to find himself 
in a strange country j it looked to be quite a barren desert ; 
not a tree, shrub, house, or living creature was to be seen. 

Jack sat himself pensively upon a block of stone, and 
thought of his mother ; his hunger attacked him, and now 
he appeared sorrowful for his disobedience in climbing the 
bean-stalk against her will; and concluded that he must 
now die for want of food. 



AND FAIRY TALES. 37 

However, he walked on, hoping to see a house wliere 
he might beg something to eat. Suddenly he observed a 
beautiful young female at some distance. She was dressed 
in an elegant manner, and had a small white wand in her 
hand, on the top of which was a peacock of pure gold. She 
approached and said : " I will reveal to you a story your 
mother dare not. But before I begin, I require a solemn 
promise on your part to do what I command. I am a fairy, 
and unless you perform exactly what 1 direct you to do, 
you will deprive me of the power to assist you ; and there 
is little doubt but that you will die in the attempt." Jack 
was rather frightened at this caution, but promised to follow 
her directions. 

" Your father was a rich man, with a disposition greatly 
benevolent. It was his practice never to refuse relief to the 
deserving in his neighbourhood; but, on the contrary, to 
seek out the helpless and distressed. Not many miles 
from your father's house lived a huge giant, who was the 
dread of the country around for cruelty and oppression. 
This creature was moreover of a very envious disposition, 
and disliked to hear others talked of for their goodness 
and humanity, and he vowed to do him a mischief, so that 
he might no longer hear his good actions made the subject 
of every one's conversation. Your father was too good a 
man to fear evil from others ; consequently it was not long 
before the cruel giant found an opportunity to put his 
wicked threats into practice ; for hearing that your parents 
were about passing a few days with a friend at some distance 
from home, he caused your father to be waylaid and 
murdered, and your mother to be seized on their way 
homeward. 

" At the time this happened, you were but a few months 
old. Your poor mother, almost dead with affright and 

5 



38 ENGLISH FOLK 

horror, was borne away by the cruel giant's emissaries, to a 
dungeon under his house, in which she and her poor babe 
were both long confined as prisoners. Distracted at the 
absence of your parents, the servants went in search of 
them ; but no tidings of either could be obtained. Mean- 
time he caused a will to be found making over all your 
father's property to him as your guardian, and as such he 
took open possession. 

" After your mother had been some months in prison, 
the giant offered to restore her to liberty, on condition that 
she would solemnly swear that she would never divulge the 
story of her wrongs to any one. To put it out of her power 
to do him any harm, should she break her oath, the giant 
had her put on ship-board, and taken to a distant country \ 
where he had her left with no more money for her support 
than what she obtained from the sale of a few jewels she 
had secreted in her dress. 

" I was appointed your father's guardian at his birth ; 
but fairies have laws to which they are subject as well as 
mortals. A short time before the giant assassinated your 
father, I trangressed ; my punishment was a suspension of 
my power for a limited time, an unfortunate circumstance, 
as it entirely prevented my assisting your father, even when 
I most wished to do so. The day on which you met the 
butcher, as you went to sell your mother's cow, my power 
was restored. It was I who secretly prompted you to take 
the beans in exchange for the cow. By my power the 
bean-stalk grew to so great a height, and formed a ladder. 
The giant lives in this country; you are the person 
appointed to punish him for all his wickedness. You will 
have dangers and difficulties to encounter, but you must 
persevere in avenging the death of your father, or you will 
not prosper in any of your undertakings. 



AND FAIRY TALES. 39 

" As to the giant's possessions, everything he has is 
yours, though you are deprived of it ; you may take, there- 
fore, what part of it you can. You must, however, be careful, 
for such is his love for gold, that the first loss he discovers 
will make him outrageous and very watchful for the future. 
But you must still pursue him ; for it is only by stratagem 
that you can ever hope to overcome him, and become 
possessed of your rightful property, and the means of 
retributive justice overtaking him for his barbarous murder. 
One thing I desire is, do not let your mother know you 
are acquainted with your father's history till you see me 
again. 

" Go along the direct road ; you will soon see the house 
where your cruel enemy lives. While you do as I order 
you, I will protect and guard you; but remember, if you 
disobey my commands, a dreadful punishment awaits you." 

As soon as she had concluded she disappeared, leaving 
Jack to follow his journey. He walked on till after sunset, 
when, to his great joy, he espied a large mansion. This 
pleasant sight revived his drooping spirits; he redoubled 
his speed, and reached it shortly. A well-looking woman 
stood at the door: he accosted her, begging she would 
give him a morsel of bread and a night's lodging. She 
expressed the greatest surprise at seeing him; and said 
it was quite uncommon to see any strange creature near 
their house, for it was mostly known that her husband was 
a very cruel and powerful giant, and one that would eat 
human flesh, if he could possibly get it. 

This account terrified Jack greatly, but still, not forgetting 
the fairy's protection, he hoped to elude the giant, and 
therefore he entreated the woman to take him in for one 
night only, and hide him where she thought proper. The 
good woman at last suffered herself to be persuaded, for her 



40 ENGLISH FOLK 

disposition was remarkably compassionate, and at last led 
him into the house. 

First they passed an elegant hall, finely furnished ; they 
then proceeded through several spacious rooms, all in the 
same style of grandeur, but they looked to be quite forsaken 
and desolate. A long gallery came next ; it was very dark, 
just large enough to show that, instead of a wall each side, 
there was a grating of iron, which parted off a dismal 
dungeon, from whence issued the groans of several poor 
victims whom the cruel giant reserved in confinement for 
his voracious appetite. Poor Jack was in a dreadful fright 
at witnessing such a horrible scene, which caused him to 
fear that he would never see his mother, but be captured 
lastly for the giant's meat ; but still he recollected the fairy, 
and a gleam of hope forced itself into his heart. 

The good woman then took Jack to a spacious kitchen, 
where a great fire was kept ; she bade him sit down, and gave 
him plenty to eat and drink. In the meantime he had 
done his meal and enjoyed himself, but was disturbed by a 
hard knocking at the gate, so loud as to cause the house to 
shake. Jack was concealed in the oven, and the giant's 
wife ran to let in her husband. 

Jack heard him accost her in a voice like thunder, saying : 
"Wife! wife! I smell fresh meat!" "Oh! my dear," 
replied she, "it is nothing but the people in the dungeon." 
The giant seemed to believe her, and at last seated himself 
by the fireside, whilst the wife prepared supper. 

By degrees Jack endeavoured to look at the monster 
through a small crevice. He was much surprised to see 
what an amazing quantity he devoured, and supposed he 
would never have done eating and drinking. After his 
supper was ended, a very curious hen was brought and 
placed on the table before him. Jack's curiosity was so 



AND FAIRY TALES. 41 

great to see what would happen. He observed that it stood 
quiet before him, and every time the giant said : " Lay ! " 
the hen laid an egg of solid gold. The giant amused him- 
self a long time with his hen; meanwhile his wife went to 
bed. At length he fell asleep, and snored like the roaring 
of a cannon. Jack finding him still asleep at daybreak, 
crept softly from his hiding-place, seized the hen, and ran 
off with her as fast as his legs could possibly allow him. 

Jack easily retraced his way to the bean-stalk, and 
descended it better and quicker than he expected. His 
mother was overjoyed to see him. " Now, mother," said 
Jack, " I have brought you home that which will make you 
rich." The hen produced as many golden eggs as they 
desired ; they sold them, and soon became possessed of as 
much riches as they wanted. 

For a few months Jack and his mother lived very happy, 
but he longed to pay the giant another visit Early in the 
morning he again climbed the bean-stalk, and reached the 
giant's mansion late in the evening : the woman was at the 
door as before. Jack told her a pitiful tale, and prayed for 
a night's shelter. She told him that she had admitted a 
poor hungry boy once before, and the little ingrate had 
stolen one of the giant's treasures, and ever since that she 
had been cruelly used. She however led him to the 
kitchen, gave him a supper, and put him in a lumber 
closet. Soon after the giant came in, took his supper, and 
ordered his wife to bring down his bags of gold and silver. 
Jack peeped out of his hiding-place, and observed the giant 
counting over his treasures, and after which he carefully 
put them in bags again, fell asleep, and snored as before. 
Jack crept quietly from his hiding-place, and approached 
the giant, when a little dog under the chair barked furiously. 
Contrary to his expectation, the giant slept on soundly, and 



4a ENGLISH FOLK 

the dog ceased Jack seized the bags, reached the door in 
safety, and soon arrived at the bottom of the bean-stalk. 
When he reached his mother's cottage, he found it quite 
deserted. Greatly surprised he ran into the village, and an 
old woman directed him to a house, where he found his 
mother apparently dying. On being informed of our hero's 
safe return, his mother revived and soon recovered. Jack 
then presented two bags of gold and silver to her. 

His mother discovered that something preyed upon his 
mind heavily, and endeavoured to discover the cause ; but 
Jack knew too well what the consequence would be should 
he discover the cause of his melancholy to her. He did 
his utmost therefore to conquer the great desire which 
now forced itself upon him in spite of himself for another 
journey up the bean-sta'ik. 

On the longest day Jack arose as soon as it was light, 
ascended the bean-stalk, and reached the top with some 
little trouble. He found the road, journey, etc., the same 
as on the former occasions. He arrived at the giant's house 
in the evening, and found his wife standing as usual at the 
door. Jack now appeared a different character, and had 
disguised himself so completely that she did not appear to 
have any recollection of him. However, when he begged 
admittance, he found it very difficult to persuade her. At 
last he prevailed, was allowed to go in, and was concealed 
in the copper. 

When the giant returned, he said, as usual : " Wife 1 wife ! 
I smell fresh meat ! " But Jack felt quite composed, as he 
had said so before, and had soon been satisfied. However, 
the giant started up suddenly, and notwithstanding all his 
wife could say, he searched all round the room. Whilst 
this was going forward. Jack was much terrified, and ready 
to die with fear, wishing himself at home a thousand times; 



AND FAIRY TALES. 43 

but when the giant approached the copper, and put his 
hand upon the lid, Jack thought his death was certain. 
Fortunately the giant ended his search there, without 
moving the lid, and seated himself quietly by the fire- 
side. 

When the giant's supper was over, he commanded his 
wife to fetch down his harp. Jack peeped under the 
copper-lid, and soon saw the most beautiful one that could 
be imagined. It was put by the giant on the table, who said : 
" Play," and it instantly played of its own accord. The 
music was uncommonly fine. Jack was delighted, and felt 
more anxious to get the harp into his possession than either 
of the former treasures. 

The giant's soul was not attuned to harmony, and the 
music soon lulled him into a sound sleep. Now, therefore, 
was the time to carry off the harp, as the giant appeared 
to be in a more profound sleep than usual. Jack soon 
made up his mind, got out of the copper, and seized the 
harp; which, however, being enchanted by a fairy, called 
out loudly : *' Master, master ! " 

The giant awoke, stood up, and tried to pursue Jack ; but 
he had drank so much that he could not stand. Jack ran 
as quick as he could. In a httle time the giant recovered 
sufficiently to walk slowly, or rather to reel after him. Had 
he been sober, he must have overtaken Jack instantly j but 
as he then was. Jack contrived to be first at the top of the 
bean-stalk. The giant called to him all the way along the 
road in a voice like thunder, and was sometimes very near 
to him. 

The moment Jack got down the bean-stalk, he called out 
for a hatchet : one was brought him directly. Just at that 
instant the giant began to descend, but Jack with his 
hatchet cut the bean-stalk close off at the root, and the 



44 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

giant fell headlong into the garden. The fall instantly killed 
him. 

Jack heartily begged his mother's pardon for all the 
sorrow and affliction he had caused her, promising most 
faithfully to be dutiful and obedient to her in future. He 
proved as good as his word, and became a pattern of 
afiectiouate behaviour and attention to his parent 



SAGAS. 



SAGAS. 



HISTORICAL AND LOCAL. 



THE STORY OF SAINT KENELM.1 

When little more than a mile out of Hales Owen, I struck 
oflF the high road through a green lane, flanked on both 
sides by extensive half-grown woods, and overhung by 
shaggy hedges, that were none the less picturesque from 
their having been long strangers to the shears, and much 
enveloped in climbing, berry-bearing plants, honeysuckles, 
brambles, and the woody nightshade. As the path winds 
up the acclivity, the scene assumes an air of neglected 
wildness, not very common in England: the tangled 
thickets rise in irregular groups in the foreground; and, 
closing in the prospect behind, I could see through the 
frequent openings the green summits of the Clent Hills, 
now scarce half a mile away, I was on historic ground — 
the " various wild," according to Shenstone, " for Kenelm's 
fate renowned;" and which at a still earlier period had 
formed one of the battle-fields on which the naked Briton 
contended on unequal terms with the mail-enveloped 
Roman. Half-way up the ascent, at a turning in the lane, 
^ Iluj^h Miller, Firsi Impresiiotu of England and its People^ p. 169. 



48 ENGLISH FOLK 

where the thicket opens into a grassy glade, there stands a 
fine old chapel of dark red sandstone, erected in the times 
of the Heptarchy, to mark the locale of a tragedy charac- 
teristic of the time — the murder of the boy-king St. Kenelm, 
at the instigation of his sister Kendrida. I spent some 
time in tracing the half-obliterated carvings on the squat 
Saxon doorway — by far the most ancient part of the edifice 
— and in straining hard to find some approximation to the 
human figure in the rude effigy of a child sculptured on a 
wall, with a crown on its head and a book in its hand, 
intended, say the antiquaries, to represent the murdered 
prince, but at present not particularly like anything. The 
story of Kenelm we find indicated, rather than told, in one 
of Shenstone's elegies : — 

" Fast by the centre of yon various wild, 

Where spreading oaks embower a Gothic fane, 
Kendrida's arts a brother's youth beguiled ; 

There nature urged her tenderest pleas in vain. 
Soft o'er his birth, and o'er his infant hours, 

Tlie ambitious maid could every care employ ; 
And with assiduous fondness crop the flowers. 

To deck the cradle of the princely boy. 

" But soon the bosom's pleasing calm is flown ; 

Love fires her breast ; the sultry passions rise ; 
A favoured lover seeks the Mercian throne, 

And views her Kenelm with a rival's eyes. 
See, garnished for the chase, the fraudful maid 

To these lone hills direct his devious way : 
The youth, all prone, the sister-guide obeyed ; 

Ill-fated youth 1 himself the destined prey." 

The minuter details of the incident, as given by William 
of Malmesbury and Matthew of Westminster, though 
admirably fitted for the purpose of the true ballad-maker, 



AND FAIRY TALES. 49 

are of a kind which would hardly have suited the somewhat 
lumbrous dignity of Shenstone's elegiacs. Poor Kenelm, 
at the time of his death, was but nine years old. His 
murderer, the favoured lover of his sister, after making all 
sure by cutting off his head with a long-bladed knife, had 
buried head, knife, and body under a bush in a "low 
pasture" in the forest, and the earth concealed its dead. 
The deed, however, had scarce been perpetrated, when a 
white dove came flying into old St Peter's, at Rome, a 
full thousand miles away, bearing a scroll in its bill, and, 
dropping the scroll on the high altar, straightway disap- 
peared. And on the scroll there was found inscribed in 
Saxon characters the following couplet : — 

•' In Clent, in Caubage, Kenelm, kinge-bom, 
Lyeth under a thorne, his hede off shorne." 

So marvellous an intimation — miraculous among its other 
particulars, in the fact that rhyme of such angelic origin 
should be so very bad, though this part of the miracle 
the monks seem to have missed — was of course not to be 
slighted. The churchmen of Mercia were instructed by 
the pontiff to make diligent search after the body of the 
slain prince; and priests, monks, and canons, with the 
Bishop of Mercia at their head, proceeded forthwith in 
long procession to the forest And there, in what Milton, 
in telling the story, terms a "mead of kine," they found 
a cow lowing pitifully, beside what seemed to be a newly- 
laid sod. The earth was removed, the body of the 
murdered prince discovered, the bells of the neighbouring 
churches straightway began "to rongen a peale without 
mannes helpe," and a beautiful spring of water, the resort 
of many a pilgrim for full seven centuries after, burst out 



so ENGLISH FOLK 

of the excavated hollow. The chapel was erected im- 
mediately beside the well; and such was the odour of 
sanctity which embalmed the memory of St. Kenelm, that 
there was no saint in the calendar on whose day it was 
more unsafe to do anything useful. There is a furrow 
still to be seen, scarce half a mile to the north of the 
chapel, from which a team of oxen, kept impiously at 
work during the festival of the saint, ran away, and were 
never after heard of; and the owner lost not only his 
cattle, but, shortly after, his eyes to boot. The chapel 
received gifts in silver, and gifts in gold — "crouns,"and 
"ceptres,"and "chalysses": there grew up around it, mainly 
through the resort of pilgrims, a hamlet, which in the 
times of Edward the First contained a numerous popu- 
lation, and to which Henry the Third granted an annual 
fair. At length the age of the Reformation arrived ; Henry 
the Eighth seized on the gold and silver ; Bishop Latimer 
broke down the well ; the pilgrimages ceased ; the hamlet 
disappeared; the fair, after lingering on till the year 1784, 
disappeared also ; and St. Kenelm's, save that the ancient 
chapel still survived, became exactly such a scene of wild 
woodland solitude as it had been ere the boy-prince fell 
under the knife of the assassin. The drama of a thousand 
years was over, when, some time about the close of the 
last century, a few workmen engaged in excavating the 
foundations of the ruined monastery of Winchcomb, in 
which, according to the monkish chroniclers, the body of 
the young prince had been interred near that of his father, 
lighted on a little stone coffin, beside a larger, which lay 
immediately under the great eastern window of the church. 
They raised the lid. There rested within a little dust, a 
few fragments of the more solid bones, a half-grown human 
skull tolerably entire, and beside the whole, and occupying 



AND FAIRY TALES. 51 

half the length of the little coffin, lay a long-bladed knife, 
converted into a brittle oxide, which fell in pieces in the 
attempt to remove it. The portion of the story that owed 
its existence to the monks had passed into a little sun-gilt 
vapour; but here was there evidence corroborative of its 
truthful nucleus surviving still. 



WILD EDRIC.i 

Shropshire men must have been well acquainted with the 
fairies five hundred years ago. It was reported then that 
our famous champion, Wild Edric, had had an elf-maiden 
for his wife. One day, we are told, when he was returning 
from hunting in the forest of Clun, he lost his way, and 
wandered about till nightfall, alone, save for one young 
page. At last he saw the lights of a very large house in the 
distance, towards which he turned his steps ; and when he 
had reached it, he beheld within a large company of noble 
ladies dancing. They were exceedingly beautiful, taller and 
larger than women of the human race, and dressed in 
gracefully-shaped linen garments. They circled round 
with smooth and easy motion, singing a soft low song of 
which the hunter could not understand the words. Among 
them was one maiden who excelled all the others in beauty, 
at the sight of whom our hero's heart was inflamed with 
love. Forgetting the fears of enchantment, which at the 
first moment had seized him, he hurried round the house, 
seeking an entrance, and having found it, he rushed in, and 
snatched the maiden who was the object of his passion from 
her place in the moving circle. The dancers assailed him 
with teeth and nails, but backed by his page, he escaped at 

* Miss C S. Burne, Shropshire Folk-lore, p. 59 ; from Walter 
Aflapes. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 53 

length from their hands, and succeeded in carrying ofT his 
fair captive. For three whole days not his utmost caresses 
and persuasions could prevail on her to utter a single word, 
but on the fourth day she suddenly broke the silence. 
" Good luck to you, my dear ! " said she, "and you will be 
lucky too, and enjoy health and peace and plenty, as long 
as you do not reproach me on account of my sisters, or the 
place from which you snatched me away, or anything 
connected with it. For on the day when you do so you 
will lose both your bride and your good fortune ; and when 
I am taken away from you, you will pine away quickly to 
an early death." 

He pledged himself by all that was most sacred to be 
ever faithful and constant in his love for her, and they were 
solemnly wedded in the presence of all the nobles from far 
and near, whom Edric invited to their bridal feast At that 
time William the Norman was newly made king of England, 
who, hearing of this wonder, desired both to see the lady, 
and to test the truth of the tale ; and bade the newly- 
married pair to London, where he was holding his Court. 
Thither then they went, and many witnesses from their own 
country with them, who brought with them the testimony of 
others who could not present themselves to the king. But 
the marvellous beauty of the lady was the best of all proofs 
of her superhuman origin. And the king let them return 
in peace, wondering greatly. 

Many years passed happily by, till one evening Edric 
returned late from hunting, and could not find his wife. 
He sought her and called for her for some time in 
vain. At last she appeared. " I suppose," began he, 
with angry looks, "it is your sisters who have detained 
you such a long time, have they not?" The rest of 
his upbraiding was addressed to the air, for the moment 

G 



54 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES, 

her sisters were mentioned she vanished. Edric's grief was 
overwhelming. He sought the place where he had found 
her at first, but no tears, no laments of his could call hei 
back. He cried out day and night against his own folly, 
and pined away and died of sorrow, as his wife had long 
before foretold. 




LADY G0DIVA.1 



The Countess Godiva, who was a great lover of God's 
mother, longing to free the town of Coventry from the 
oppression of a heavy toll, often with urgent prayers 
besought her husband that, from regard to Jesus Christ 
and his mother, he would free the town from that service 
and from all other heavy burdens ; and when the Earl 
sharply rebuked her for foolishly asking what was so much 
to his damage, and always forbade her evermore to speak to 
him on the subject ; and while she, on the other hand, with 
a woman's pertinacity, never ceased to exasperate her 
husband on that matter, he at last made her this answer : 
" Mount your horse and ride naked, before all the people, 
through the market of the town from one end to the other, 
and on your return you shall have your request." On 
which Godiva replied, " But will you give me permission if 
I am willing to do it ? " "I will," said he. Whereupon 
the Countess, beloved of God, loosed her hair and let down 
•her tresses, which covered the whole of her body like a veil, 
and then mounting her horse and attended by two knights, 
she rode through the market-place, without being seen, 
except her fair legs ; and having completed the journey, she 
returned with gladness to her astonished husband, and 
obtained of him what she had asked ; for Earl Leofric 
freed the town of Coventry and its inhabitants from the 

^ Rope of Wendover, Flowers of History ^ Dr. Giles' translation, sub 
anno 1057. 



S6 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR V TALES. 

aforesaid service, and confirmed what he had done by a 
charter. 



The modern version of the story adds in the Laureate's 
words : — 

" And one low churl, compact of thankless earth, 
The fatal byword of all years to come, 
Boring a little auger-hole in fear, 
Peep'd — but his eyes, before they had their will, 
Were shrivell'd into darkness in his head. 
And dropt before him. So the Powers, who wait 
On noble deeds, cancell'd a sense misus'd." 



THE LEGEND OF THE SONS OF THE 
CONQUEROR. 1 

One day, it being observed that William was absorbed 
in deep thought, his courtiers ventured to inquire the 
cause of such profound abstraction. " I am speculating," 
said the monarch, "on what may be the fate of my sons 
after my death." " Your majesty," replied the wise men 
of the court, " the fate of your sons will depend upon 
their conduct, and their conduct will depend upon their 
respective characters ; permit us to make a few inquiries, 
and we shall soon be able to tell you that which you 
wish to know." The king signifying his approbation, the 
wise men consulted together, and agreed to put questions 
separately to the three princes, who were then young. 
The first who entered the room was Robert, afterwards 
known by the surname of Courthose. "Fair sir," said 
one of the wise men, " answer me a question — If God had 
made you a bird, what bird would you wish to have been ? " 
Robert answered : "A hawk, because it resembles most 
a courteous and gallant knight" William Rufus next 
entered, and his answer to the same question was : " I 
would be an eagle, because it is a strong and powerful 
bird, and feared by all other birds, and therefore it is king 
over them all." Lastly, came the younger brother Henry, 
who had received a learned education, and was on that 
account known by the surname of Beauclerc His choice 

^ Chambers's Book of Days, vol. iL p. 328. 



58 ENGLISH FOLK 

was a starling, "Because it is a debonnaire and simple bird, 
and gains its living without injury to any one, and never 
seeks to rob or grieve its neighbour." The wise men 
returned immediately to the king. Robert, they said, 
would be bold and valiant, and would gain renown and 
honour, but he would finally be overcome by violence, 
and die in prison. William would be powerful and strong 
as the eagle, but feared and hated for his cruelty and 
violence, until he ended a wicked life by a bad death. 
But Henry would be wise, prudent, and peaceful, unless 
when actually compelled to engage in war, and would die 
in peace after gaining wide possessions. So when King 
William lay on his death-bed he remembered the saying 
of his wise men, and bequeathed Normandy to Robert, 
England to William, and his own treasures, without land, 
to his younger son Henry, who eventually became king 
of both countries, and reigned long and prosperously. 

This story, which most probably is of Eastern origin, is 
frequently told under various circumstances by mediaeval 
writers. A Latin manuscript, of the thirteenth century, 
relates it in the following form : — 

A wealthy English baron, whose broad lands extended 
over a large extent of England and Wales, had three sons ; 
when lying on his death-bed he called them to him, and 
said : " If you were compelled to become birds, tell me what 
bird each of you would choose to resemble?" The eldest 
said: "I would be a hawk, because it is a noble bird, and 
lives by rapine." The second said: " I would be a starling, 
because it is a social bird, and flies in coveys." The 
youngest said: "I would be a swan, because it has a long 
neck, so that if I had anything in my heart to say, I should 
have plenty of time for reflection before it came to my 
mouth." When the father had heard them, he said to the 




AND FAIR Y TALES. 59 

first: "Thou, my son, as I perceive, desirest to live by 
rapine; I will therefore bequeath thee my possessions in 
England, because it is a land of peace and justice, and thou 
canst not rob in it with impunity." To the second he said: 
"Because thou lovest society, I will bequeath thee my 
lands in Wales, which is a land of discord and war, in order 
that thy courtesy may soften down the malice of the 
natives." And then turning to the youngest, he said: **To 
thee I bequeath no land at all, because thou art wise, and 
wilt gain enough by thy wisdom." And as he foretold, the 
youngest son profited by his wisdom, and became Lord 
Chief-Justice of England, which in those times was the next 
dignity to that of king. 



THE LEGEND OF BECKET'S PARENTS.^ 

In connection with the renowned Thomas Becket a curious 
story is related of the marriage of his parents. It is said 
that Gilbert, his father, had in his youth followed the 
Crusaders to Palestine, and while in the East had been 
taken prisoner by a Saracen or Moor of high rank. Con- 
fined by the latter within his own castle, the young 
Englishman's personal attractions and miserable condition 
alike melted the heart of his captor's daughter, a fair 
Mohammedan, who enabled him to escape from prison 
and regain his native country. Not wholly disinterested, 
however, in the part which she acted in this matter, the 
Moor's daughter obtained a promise from Gilbert, that 
as soon as he had settled quietly in his own land, he should 
send for, and marry his protectress. Years passed on, 
but no message ever arrived to cheer the heart of the 
love-lorn maiden, who thereupon resolved to proceed to 
England and remind the forgetful knight of his engage- 
ment This perilous enterprise she actually accomplished ; 
and though knowing nothing of the English language 
beyond the Christian name of her lover and his place 
of residence in London, which was Cheapside, she con- 

' Chambers's Bock of Days, vol. ii. p. 784. — The reader is referred 
to the graceful poem on the subject by Mr. Lewis Morris in the Songs 
of Two Worlds. The old ballads mentioned above may be studied 
with all their known variants in Professor Child's English and Scottish 
Ballads, vol. i. p. 454. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 6i 

trived to search him out; and with greater success than 
could possibly have been anticipated, found him ready 
to fulfil his former promise by making her his wife. 
Previous to the marriage taking place she professed her 
conversion to Christianity, and was baptised with great 
solemnity in St. Paul's Cathedral, no less than six bishops 
assisting at the ceremony. The only child of this union 
was the celebrated Thomas Becket, whose devotion in 
after-years to the cause of the church may be said to have 
been a befitting recompense for the attention which her 
ministers had shown in watching over the spiritual welfare 
of his mother. 

This singular story has found credence in recent times 
with Dr. Giles, M. Thierry, Mr. Froude, and M. Michelet; 
but by one of the most judicious modern biographers of 
Becket, Canon Robertson, it is rejected as a legendary tale, 
wholly unsupported by the evidence of those chroniclers 
who were Becket's contemporaries. It gave rise, both in 
England and Scotland, to more than one ballad, in which 
the elder Becket's imprisonment in the East, his liberation 
by the aid of the Moorish damsel, and the latter's expedi- 
tion to Britain in quest of him, are all set forth with sundry 
additions and embellishments. In one of these, which 
bears the name of Lord Beichan, the fair young Saracen, 
who, by some extraordinary corruption or misapprehension, 
is recorded under the designation of Susie Pye^ follows her 
lover to Scotland, and there surprises him at the very hour 
when he is about to unite himself in marriage to another 
lady. The faithless lover, on being reminded of his 
previous compact, professes the utmost contrition, and 
declares at once his resolve to wed the Saracen's daughter, 
who had given such evidence of her love and attachment to 
him, by making so long and dangerous a journey. The 



62 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

hapless bride, who would otherwise have speedily become his 
wife, is unceremoniously dismissed along with her mother j 
and the nuptials of Lord Beichan and Susie Pye are then 
celebrated with great magnificence. Another ballad on the 
same subject is entitled Young Bekie, but the heroine here 
is represented as the daughter of the king of France, and 
distinguished by the title of Burd Isbel. By such romantic 
embellishments, and so incongruous and ridiculous a 
nomenclature, did the ballad-writers of a later age embody 
in verse the story of the parents of the renowned archbishop 
of Canterbiury. 



THE FAUSE FABLE OF THE LORD LATHOM.i 

A FAYNED TALE. 

When the war was 'tvvixt the Englishmen and the Irishmen 
the power of the English so sore assaulted the Irishmen 
that the king of them, being of Ireland, was constrained to 
take succour by flight into other parts for his safeguard ; 
and the queen, being pregnant and great with child, right 
near her time of deliverance, for dread of the rudeness of 
the commonalty, took her flight into the wilderness, where 
her chance was to suffer travail of child, bringing forth two 
children, the one a son, the other a daughter ; when after 
by natural compulsion she and such gentlewomen as were 
with her was constrained to sleep, insomuch that the two 
children were ravished from the mother ; and the daughter, 
as it is said, is kept in Ireland with the fairies. Insomuch 
that against the time of death of any of that blood of 
Stanleys she maketh a certain noise in one quarter of 
Ireland, where she useth [to stay]. 

The son was taken and borne away with an eagle, and 
brought into Lancashire, into a park called Lathom Park, 
whereas did dwell a certain lord, named the Lord Lathom ; 
the which Lord Lathom, walking in his park, heard a child 
lament and cry, and perceived the skirts of the mantle 

1 Journal of the British Archaolos^cal Association, vol. vii. , from 
Hare's MSS., vol. ii. ; reprinted in Ilarland and Wilkinson's Lanca- 
shire Legends, p. 259. 



64 ENGLISH FOLK 

lying over the nest side, and made his servants to bring 
down the child unto him. 

And whereas both he and his wife being in far age, and 
she past conceiving of child, considering they never could 
have issue, reckoning that God had sent this child by 
miracle, they condescended to make this child their heir, 
and so did. At length this Lord Lathom and his wife 
deceased, and this young man, which was named Oskell of 
Lathom, reigned and ruled this land as right heir, and he 
had to issue a daughter which was his heir and child by the 
Lady Lathom. 

It chanced so that one Stanley, being a younger brother 
of the House of Wolton in Cheshire, was servant to the 
Abbot of West Chester. This young man Stanley was 
carver to the Abbot, and he would not break his fast on 
the Sunday till he had heard the high mass. Insomuch 
that it chanced one Sunday when the meat was served on 
the table, he had so great hunger he carved the pig's head, 
and conveyed one of the ears of the pig and did eat it. 

When the Abbot sat down, and perchance missed the 
pig's ear, he was miscontent and in a great fume, and 
reviled so extremely and so heinously this young Stanley, 
that he threw the napkin at his head, and said he would do 
him no more service, and departed. And he came to the 
king's court, and obtained his service, and proved so active 
a fellow that the renown sprang and inflamed upon him, 
insomuch that the fame and bruit descended from him 
around this realm. 

And when, as the use then was, that noble adventurers 
would seek their fortune and chance into divers and strange 
nations, one renowned gallant came into England, and he 
called as challenger for death and life, come who list. 
Insomuch that the king commanded this Stanley to cope 



AND FAIRY TALES. 65 

with him ; and, to make short protestation, his chance was 
to overthrow the challenger and obtain the victory. Then 
the king made him knight, and gave him certain lands to 
live on. 

After this foresaid Stanley came for marriage to the 
daughter of Oskell of Lathom, which was found in the 
eagle's nest, and obtained her favour, and espoused her. 
And then after the death of Oskell he was Lord Lathom, 
and enjoyed it many years. And for such service as he 
did afterwards the king made him Lord Stanley; and he 
was the first lord of the name ; and so by that reason the 
Stanleys descended of Lathom give the eagle and the child 
in their arms. 



WKITTINGTON AND HIS CAT.i 

In the reign of the famous King Edward III. there was a 
little boy called Dick Whittington, whose father and mother 
died when he was very young, so that he remembered 
nothing at all about them, and was left a ragged little fellow, 
running about a country village. As poor Dick was not 
old enough to work, he was very badly off; he got but 
little for his dinner, and sometimes nothing at all for his 
breakfast ; for the people who lived in the village were very 
poor indeed, and could not spare him much more than the 
parings of potatoes, and now and then a hard crust of bread. 

For all this Dick Whittington was a very sharp boy, and 
was always listening to what everybody talked about On 
Sunday he was sure to get near the farmers, as they sat talk- 
ing on the tombstones in the churchyard, before the parson 
was come ; and once a week you might see little Dick lean- 
ing against the sign-post of the village alehouse, where people 
stopped to drink as they came from the next market town ; 
and when the barber's shop door was open, Dick listened 
to all the news that his customers told one another. 

In this manner Dick heard a great many very strange 
things about the great city called London; for the foolish 
country people at that time thought that folks in London 
were all fine gentlemen and ladies ; and that there was 
singing and music there all day long ; and that the streets 
were all paved with gold. 

^ From a Chap-book. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 67 

One day a large waggon and eight horses, all with bells 
at their heads, drove through the village while . Dick was 
standing by the sign-post He thought that this waggon 
must be going to the fine town of London ; so he look 
courage, and asked the waggoner to let him walk with him 
by the side of the waggon. As soon as the waggoner heard 
that poor Dick had no father or mother, and saw by his 
ragged clothes that he could not be worse off than he was, 
he told him he might go if he would, so they set off 
together. 

I could never find out how little Dick contrived to get 
meat and drink on the road ; nor how he could walk so far, 
for it was a long way ; nor what he did at night for a place 
to lie down to sleep in. Perhaps some good-natured people 
in the towns that he passed through, when they saw he was 
a poor little ragged boy, gave him something to eat; and 
perhaps the waggoner let him get into the waggon at night, 
and take a nap upon one of the boxes or large parcels in 
the waggon. 

Dick however got safe to London, and was in such a 
hurry to see the fine streets paved all over with gold, that 
I am afraid he did not even stay to thank the kind wag- 
goner; but ran off" as fast as his legs would carry him, 
through many of the streets, thinking every moment to 
come to those that were paved with gold; for Dick had 
seen a guinea three times in his own little village, and 
remembered what a deal of money it brought in change; 
so he thought he had nothing to do but to take up some 
little bits of the pavement, and should then have as much 
money as he could wish for. 

Poor Dick ran till he was tired, and had quite forgot his 
friend the waggoner ; but at last, finding it grow dark, and 
that every way he turned he saw nothing but dirt instead 



68 ENGLISH FOLK 

of gold, he sat down in a dark comer and cried himself to 
sleep. 

Little Dick was all night in the streets ; and next morning, 
being very hungry, he got up and walked about, and asked 
everybody he met to give him a halfpenny to keep him 
from starving ; but nobody stayed to answer him, and only 
two or three gave him a halfpenny ; so that the poor boy 
was soon quite weak and faint for the want of victuals. 

At last a good-natured looking gentleman saw how hungry 
he looked. " Why don't you go to work, my lad ? " said he 
to Dick. " That I would, but I do not know how to get 
any," answered Dick. " If you are willing, come along 
with me," said the gentleman, and took him to a hay-field, 
where Dick worked briskly, and lived merrily till the hay 
was made 

After this he found himself as badly off as before ; and 
being almost starved again, he laid himself down at the 
door of Mr. Fitzwarren, a rich merchant Here he was 
soon seen by the cook-maid, who was an ill-tempered 
creature, and happened just then to be very busy dressing 
dinner for her master and mistress; so she called out to 
poor Dick : " "What business have you there, you lazy rogue ? 
there is nothing else but beggars ; if you do not take your- 
self away, we will see how you will like a sousing of some 
dish-water; I have some here hot enough to make you 
jump." 

Just at that time Mr. Fitzwarren himself came home to 
dinner ; and when he saw a dirty ragged boy lying at the 
door, he said to him : " Why do you lay there, my boy ? 
You seem old enough to work ; I am afraid you are inclined 
to be lazy." 

"No, indeed, sir," said Dick to him, "that is not the 
case, for I would work with all my heart, but I do not know 



AND FAIRY TALES. 69 

anybody, and I believe I am very sick for the want of food." 
" Poor fellow, get up ; let me see what ails you." 

Dick now tried to rise, but was obliged to lie down again, 
being too weak to stand, for he had not eaten any food for 
three days, and was no longer able to run about and beg a 
halfpenny of people in the street. So the kind merchant 
ordered him to be taken into the house, and have a good 
dinner given him, and be kept to do what dirty work he 
was able for the cook. 

Little Dick would have lived very happy in this good 
family if it had not been for the ill-natured cook, who was 
finding fault and scolding him from morning to night, and 
besides, she was so fond of basting, that when she had no 
meat to baste, she would baste poor Dick's head and 
shoulders with a broom, or anything else that happened to 
fall in her way. At last her ill-usage of him was told to 
Alice, Mr. Fitzwarren's daughter, who told the cook she 
should be turned away if she did not treat him kinder. 

The ill-humour of the cook was now a little amended ; 
but besides this Dick had another hardship to get over. 
His bed stood in a garret, where there were so many holes 
in the floor and the walls that every night he was tormented 
with rats and mice. A gentleman having given Dick a 
penny for cleaning his shoes, he thought he would buy a 
cat with it The next day he saw a girl with a cat, and 
asked her if she would let him have it for a penny. The 
girl said she would, and at the same time told him the cat 
was an excellent mouser. 

Dick hid his cat in the garret, and always took care to 
carry a part of his dinner to her ; and in a short time he 
had no more trouble with the rats and mice, but slept quite 
sound every night. 

Soon after this, his master had a ship ready to sail ; and 

7 



70 ENGLISH FOLK 

as he thought it right that all his servants should have some 
change for good fortune as well as himself, he called them 
all into the parlour and asked them what they would send 
out 

They all had something that they were willing to venture 
except poor Dick, who had neither money nor goods, and 
therefore could send nothing. 

For this reason he did not come into the parlour with the 
rest; but Miss Alice guessed what was the matter, and 
ordered him to be called in. She then said she would lay 
down some money for him, from her own purse ; but the 
father told her this would not do, for it must be something 
of his own. 

When poor Dick heard this, he said he had nothing but 
a cat which he bought for a penny some time since of a 
little girl. 

" Fetch your cat then, my good boy," said Mr. Fitz- 
warren, "and let her go." 

Dick went upstairs and brought down poor puss, with 
tears in his eyes, and gave her to the captain ; for he said 
he should now be kept awake again all night by the rats and 
mice. 

All the company laughed at Dick's odd venture \ and 
Miss Alice, who felt pity for the poor boy, gave him some 
money to buy another cat. 

This, and many other marks of kindness shown him by 
Miss Alice, made the ill-tempered cook jealous of poor 
Dick, and she began to use him more cruelly than ever, and 
always made game of him for sending his cat to sea. She 
asked him if he thought his cat would sell for as much 
money as would buy a stick to beat him. 

At last poor Dick could not bear this usage any longer, 
and he thought he would run away from his place ; so he 



AND FAIRY TALES. 71 

packed up his few things, and started very early in the 
morning, on All-hallows Day, which is the first of November. 
He walked as far as Holloway ; and there sat down on a 
stone, which to this day is called Whittington's stone, and 
began to think to himself which road he should take as he 
proceeded onwards. 

While he was thinking what he should do, the Bells of 
Bow Church, which at that time had only six, began to ring, 
and he fancied their sound seemed to say to him : 

" Turn again, Whittington, 
Lord Mayor of London." 

" Lord Mayor of London ! " said he to himself. "Why, 
to be sure, I would put up with almost anything now, to be 
Lord Mayor of London, and ride in a fine coach, when I 
grow to be a man ! Well, I will go back, and think nothing 
of the cuffing and scolding of the old cook, if I am to be 
Lord Mayor of London at last." 

Dick went back, and was lucky enough to get into the 
house, and set about his work, before the old cook came 
downstairs. 

The ship, with the cat on board, was a long time at sea j 
and was at last driven by the winds on a part of the coast 
of Barbary, where the only people were the Moors, that the 
English had never known before. 

The people then came in great numbers to see the sailors, 
who were of difierent colour to themselves, and treated 
them very civilly ; and, when they became better acquainted, 
were very eager to buy the fine things that the ship was 
loaded with. 

When the captain saw this, he sent patterns of the best 
things he had to the king of the country ; who was so much 
pleased with them, that he sent for the captain to the palace. 



72 ENGLISH FOLK 

Here they were placed, as it is the custom of the country, 
on rich carpets marked with gold and silver flowers. The 
king and queen were seated at the upper end of the room ; 
and a number of dishes were brought in for dinner. They 
had not sat long, when a vast number of rats and mice 
rushed in, helping themselves from almost every dish. 
The captain wondered at this, and asked if these vermin 
were not very unpleasant. 

" Oh yes," said they, " very oflfensive ; and the king 
would give half his treasure to be freed of them, for they 
not only destroy his dinner, as you see, but they assault him 
in his chamber, and even in bed, so that he is obliged to be 
watched while he is sleeping for fear of them." 

The captain jumped for joy; he remembered poor 
Whittington and his cat, and told the king he had a creature 
on board the ship that would despatch all these vermin 
immediately. The king's heart heaved so high at the joy 
which this news gave him that his turban dropped off his 
head. "Bring this creature to me," says he; "vermin are 
dreadful in a court, and if she will perform what you say, I 
will load your ship with gold and jewels in exchange for her." 

The captain, who knew his business, took this opportunity 
to set forth the merits of Miss Puss. He told his majesty 
that it would be inconvenient to part with her, as, when she 
was gone, the rats and mice might destroy the goods in the 
ship — but to oblige his majesty he would fetch her. " Run, 
run ! " said the queen ; "I am impatient to see the dear 
creature." 

Away went the captain to the ship, while another dinner 
was got ready. He put puss under his arm, and arrived at 
the place soon enough to see the table full of rats. 

When the cat saw them, she did not wait for bidding, but 
jumped out of the captain's arms, and in a few minutes laid 



AND FAIRY TALES. 73 

almost all the rats and mice dead at her feet. The rest of 
them in their fright scampered away to their holes. 

The king and queen were quite charmed to get so easily 
rid of such plagues, and desired that the creature who had 
done them so great a kindness might be brought to them 
for inspection. Upon which the captain called : " Pussy, 
pussy, pussy ! " and she came to him. He then presented 
her to the queen, who started back, and was afraid to touch 
a creature who had made such a havoc among the rats and 
mice. However, when the captain stroked the cat and 
called: "Pussy, pussy," the queen also touched her and cried : 
"Putty, putty," for she had not learned English. He then 
put her down on the queen's lap, where she, purring, played 
with her majesty's hand, and then sung herself to sleep. 

The king, having seen the exploits of Mrs. Puss, and 
being informed that she was with young, and would stock 
the whole country, bargained with the captain for the whole 
ship's cargo, and then gave him ten times as much for the 
cat as all the rest amounted to. 

The captain then took leave of the royal party, and set 
sail with a fair wind for England, and after a happy voyage 
arrived safe in London. 

One morning Mr. Fitzwarren had just come to his 
counting-house and seated himself at the desk, when 
somebody came tap, tap, at the door. " Who's there ? " 
says Mr. Fitzwarren. "A friend," answered the other; "I 
come to bring you good news of your ship Unicorn.^' The 
merchant, bustling up instantly, opened the door, and who 
should be seen waiting but the captain and factor, with a 
cabinet of jewels, and a bill of lading, for which the 
merchant lifted up his eyes and thanked heaven for sending 
him such a prosperous voyage. 

They then told the story of the cat, and showed the rich 



74 ENGLISH FOLK 

present that the king and queen had sent for her to poor 
Dick. As soon as the merchant heard this, he called out to 
his servants : 

" Go fetch him — we will tell him of the same ; 
Pray call him Mr. Whittington by name." 

Mr. Fitzwarren now showed himself to be a good man j 
for when some of his servants said so great a treasure was 
too much for him, he answered : " God forbid I should 
deprive him of the value of a single penny." 

He then sent for Dick, who at that time was scouring 
pots for the cook, and was quite dirty. 

Mr. Fitzwarren ordered a chair to be set for him, and so 
he began to think they were making game of him, at the 
same time begging them not to play tricks with a pooi 
simple boy, but to let him go down again, if they pleased, 
to his work. 

"Indeed, Mr. Whittington," said the merchant, "we are 
all quite in earnest with you, and I most heartily rejoice in 
the news these gentlemen have brought you ; for the captain 
has sold your cat to the King of Barbary, and brought you 
in return for her more riches than I possess in the whole 
world ; and I wish you may long enjoy them ! " 

Mr. Fitzwarren then told the men to open the great trea- 
sure they had brought with them ; and said : " Mr. Whitting- 
ton has nothing to do but to put it in some place of safety." 

Poor Dick hardly knew how to behave himself for joy. 
He begged his master to take what part of it he pleased, 
since he owed it all to his kindness. " No, no," answered 
Mr. Fitzwarren, "this is all your own; and I have no 
doubt but you will use it well." 

Dick next asked his mistress, and then Miss Alice, to 
accept a part of his good fortune ; but they would not, and 



AND FAIRY TALES. 75 

at the same time told him they felt great joy at his good 
success. But this poor fellow was too kind-hearted to keep 
it all to himself; so he made a present to the captain, the 
mate, and the rest of Mr. Fitzwarren's servants ; and even 
to the ill-natured old cook. 

After this Mr. Fitzwarren advised him to send for a 
proper tradesman and get himself dressed like a gentleman ; 
and told him he was welcome to live in his house till he 
could provide himself with a better. 

When Whittington's face was washed, his hair curled, his 
hat cocked, and he was dressed in a nice suit of clothes, he 
was as handsome and genteel as any young man who visited 
at Mr. Fitzwarren's ; so that Miss Alice, who had once been 
so kind to him, and thought of him with pity, now looked 
upon him as fit to be her sweetheart ; and the more so, no 
doubt, because Whittington was now always thinking what 
he could do to oblige her, and making her the prettiest 
presents that could be. 

Mr. Fitzwarren soon saw their love for each other, and 
proposed to join them in marriage ; and to this they both 
readily agreed. A day for the wedding was soon fixed ; 
and they were attended to church by the Lord Mayor, the 
court of aldermen, the sheriflfs, and a great number of the 
richest merchants in London, whom they afterwards treated 
with a very rich feast. 

History tells us that Mr. Whittington and his lady lived 
in great splendour, and were very happy. They had several 
children. He was SheriflF of London, also Mayor, and 
received the honour of knighthood by Henry V. 

The figure of Sir Richard Whittington with his cat in his 
arms, carved in stone, was to be seen till the year 1780 over 
the archway of the old prison of Newgate, that stood across 
Newgate Street 



THE PEDLAR OF SWAFFHAM.1 

Constant tradition says that there hved in former times 
in Soffham (Swaflfham), alias Sopham, in Norfolk, a certain 
pedlar, who dreamed that if he went to London Bridge, 
and stood there, he should hear very joyful! newse, which he 
at first sleighted, but afterwards, his dream being doubled 
and trebled upon him, he resolved to try the issue of it, 
and accordingly went to London, and stood on the bridge 
there two or three days, looking about him, but heard 
nothing that might yield him any comfort At last it 
happened that a shopkeeper there, hard by, having noted 
his fruitless standing, seeing that he neither sold any wares 
nor asked any almes, went to him and most earnestly 
begged to know what he wanted there, or what his business 
was; to which the pedlar honestly answered that he had 
dreamed that if he came to London and stood there upon 
the bridge he should hear good newse ; at which the shop- 
keeper laught heartily, asking him if he was such a fool 
as to take a journey on such a silly errand, adding : " I'll 
tell thee, country fellow, last night I dreamed that I was 
at Sopham, in Norfolk, a place utterly unknown to me, 
where methought behind a pedlar's house in a certain 
orchard, and under a great oak tree, if I digged I should 
find a vast treasure! Now think you," says he, "that I 
am such a fool to take such a long journey upon me 

^ Diary of Abraham dela Pryme, p. 220, under date 10 Nov. 1699. 
(Surtees Society.) 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 77 

upon the instigation of a silly dream ? No, no, I'm wiser. 
Therefore, good fellow, learn wit from me, and get you 
home, and mind your business." The pedlar observing 
his words, what he had say'd he dream'd, and knowing 
they concentred in him, glad of such joyful! newse, went 
speedily home, and digged and found a prodigious great 
treasure, with which he grew exceeding rich ; and SofFham 
(Church) being for the most part fallen down, he set on 
workmen and rectified it most sumptuously, at his own 
charges ; and to this day there is his statue therein, but 
in stone, with his pack at his back and his dogg at his 
heels ; and his memory is also preserved by the same form 
or picture in most of the old glass windows, taverns, and 
alehouses of that town unto this day. 



THE LAMBTON WORM.i 

The park and manor-house of Lambton, belonging to a 
family of the same name, lie on the banks of the Wear, tu 
the north of Lumley. The family is a very ancient one, 
much older, it is believed, than the twelfth century, to 
which date its pedigree extends. The old castle was dis- 
mantled in 1797, when a site was adopted for the present 
mansion on the north bank of the swiftly-flowing Wear, in 
a situation of exceeding beauty. The park also contains 
the ruins of a chapel, called Brugeford or Bridgeford, close 
to one of the bridges which span the Wear. 

Long, long ago — some say about the fourteenth century — 
the young heir of Lambton led a careless, profane life, 
regardless alike of his duties to God and man, and in par- 
ticular neglecting to attend mass, that he might spend his 
Sunday mornings Jn fishing. One Sunday, while thus 
engaged, having cast his line into the Wear many times 
without success, he vented his disappointment in curses 
loud and deep, to the great scandal of the servants and 
tenantry as they passed by to the chapel at Brugeford. 

Soon afterwards he felt something tugging at his line, 
and trusting he had at last secured a fine fish, he exerted 
all his skill and strength to bring his prey to land. But 
what were his horror and dismay on finding that, instead of 
a fish, he had only caught a worm of most unsightly appear- 
ance ! He hastily tore the thing from his hook, and flung 

* Henderson's Folk- Lore oftht Northern CourUies, p. 287. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES, 79 

it into a well close by, which is still known by the name of 
the Worm Well. 

The young heir had scarcely thrown his line again into 
the stream when a stranger of venerable appearance, pass- 
ing by, asked him what sport he had met with ; to which 
he replied : " Why, truly, I think I have caught the devil 
himself. Look in and judge." The stranger looked, and 
remarked that he had never seen the like of it before; 
that it resembled an eft, only it had nine holes on each 
side of its mouth ; and, finally, that he thought it boded no 
good. 

The worm remained unheeded in the well till it outgrew 
so confined a dwelling-place. It then emerged, and betook 
itself by day to the river, where it lay coiled round a rock 
in the middle of the stream, and by night to a neighbouring 
hill, round whose base it would twine itself, while it con- 
tinued to grow so fast that it soon could encircle the hill 
three times. This eminence is still called the Worm Hill. 
It is oval in shape, on the north side of the Wear, and 
about a mile and a half from old Lambton Hall. 

The monster now became the terror of the whole country 
side. It sucked the cows' milk, worried the cattle, devoured 
the lambs, and committed every sort of depredation on the 
helpless peasantry. Having laid waste the district on the 
north side of the river, it crossed the stream and approached 
Lambton Hall, where the old lord was living alone and 
desolate. His son had repented of his evil life, and had 
gone to the wars in a distant country. Some authorities 
tell us he had embarked as a crusader for the Holy Land. 

On hearing of their enemy's approach, the terrified house- 
hold assembled in council. Much was said, but to little 
purpose, till the steward, a man of age and experience, 
advised that the large trough which stood in the courtyard 



8o ENGLISH FOLK 

should immediately be filled with milk. This was done 
without delay ; the monster approached, drank the milk, and, 
without doing further harm, returned across the Wear to 
wrap his giant form around his favourite hill. The next 
day he was seen recrossing the river ; the trough was 
hastily filled again, and with the same results. It was 
found that the milk of " nine kye " was needed to fill the 
trough ; and if this quantity was not placed there every day, 
regularly and in full measure, the worm would break out 
into a violent rage, lashing its tail round the trees in the 
park, and tearing them up by the roots. 

The Lambton Worm was now, in fact, the terror of the 
North Country. It had not been left altogether unopposed. 
Many a gallant knight had come out to fight with the mon- 
ster, but all to no purpose ; for it possessed the marvellous 
power of reuniting itself after being cut asunder, and thus was 
more than a match for the chivalry of the North. So, after 
many conflicts, and much loss of life and limb, the creature 
was left in possession of its favourite hilL 

After seven long years, however, the heir of Lambton 
returned home, a sadder and a wiser man — returned to find 
the broad lands of his ancestors waste and desolate, his 
people oppressed and well-nigh exterminated, his father 
sinking into the grave overwhelmed with care and anxiety. 
He took no rest, we are told, till he had crossed the river 
and surveyed the Worm as it lay coiled round the foot of 
the hill ; then, hearing how its former opponents had 
failed, he took counsel in the matter from a sibyl or wise 
woman. 

At first the sibyl did nothing but upbraid him for having 
brought this scourge upon his house and neighbourhood ; 
but when she perceived that he was indeed penitent, and 
desirous at any cost to remove the evil he had caused, she 



AND FAIRY TALES. 8i 

gave him her advice and instructions. He was to get his 
best suit of mail studded thickly with spear-heads, to put it 
on, and thus armed to take his stand on the rock in the 
middle of the river, there to meet his enemy, trusting the 
issue to Providence and his good sword. But she charged 
him before going to the encounter to take a vow that, if 
successful, he would slay the first living thing that met him 
on his way homewards. Should he fail to fulfil this vow, 
she warned him that for nine generations no lord of 
Lambton would die in his bed. 

The heir, now a belted knight, made the vow in Bruge- 
ford chapel. He studded his armour with the sharpest 
spear-heads, and unsheathing his trusty sword took his 
stand on the rock in the middle of the Wear. At the 
accustomed hour the Worm uncoiled its "snaky twine," 
and wound its way towards the hall, crossing the river close 
by the rock on which the knight was standing eager for the 
combat. He struck a violent blow upon the monster's 
head as it passed, on which the creature, "irritated and 
vexed," though apparently not injured, flung its tail round 
him, as if to strangle him in its coils. 

In the words of a local poet — 

" The worm shot down the middle stream 

Like a flash of living light, 
And the waters kindled round his path 

In rainbow colours bright. 
But when he saw the armed knight 

He gathered all his pride. 
And, coiled in many a radiant spire. 

Rode buoyant o'er the tide. 
When he darted at length his dragon strength 

An earthquake shook the rock, 
And the fireflakes bright fell round the knight 

As unmoved he met the shock. 



82 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

Though his heart was stout it quailed no doubt, 

His very life-blood ran cold, 
As round and round the wild Worm wound 

In many a grappling fold. " 

Now was seen the value of the sibyl's advice. The 
closer the Worm wrapped him in its folds the more deadly 
were its self-inflicted wounds, till at last the river ran crim- 
son with its gore. Its strength thus diminished, the knight 
was able at last with his good sword to cut the serpent in 
two ; the severed part was immediately borne away by the 
swiftness of the current, and the Worm, unable to reunite 
itself, was utterly destroyed. 

During this long and desperate conflict the household of 
Lambton had shut themselves within-doors to pray for their 
young lord, he having promised that when it was over he 
would, if conqueror, blow a blast on his bugle. This would 
assure his father of his safety, and warn them to let loose 
the favourite hound, which they had destined as the sacri- 
fice on the occasion, according to the sibyl's requirements 
and the young lord's vow. When, however, the bugle-notes 
were heard within the hall, the old man forgot everything 
but his son's safety, and rushing out of doors, ran to meet 
the hero and embrace him. 

The heir of Lambton was thunderstruck ; what could he 
do? It was impossible to hft his hand against his father; 
yet how else to fulfil his vow ? In his perplexity he blew 
another blast ; the hound was let loose, it bounded to its 
master ; the sword, yet reeking with the monster's gore, was 
plunged into its heart; but all in vain. The vow was 
broken, the sibyl's prediction fulfilled, and the curse lay 
upon the house of Lambton for nine generations. 




BOMERE P00L.1 



Many years ago a village stood in the hollow which is now 
filled up by the mere. But the inhabitants were a wicked 
race, who mocked at God and His priest. They turned 
back to tlie idolatrous practices of their fathers, and wor- 
shipped Thor and Woden ; they scorned to bend the knee, 
save in mockery, to the White Christ who had died to save 
their souls. The old priest earnestly warned them that God 
would punish such wickedness as theirs by some sudden 
judgment, but they laughed him to scorn. They fastened 
fish-bones to the skirt of his cassock, and set the children to 
pelt him with mud and stones. The holy man was not 
dismayed at this ; nay, he renewed his entreaties and warn- 
ings, so that some few turned from their evil ways and 
worshipped with him in the little chapel which stood on the 
bank of a rivulet that flowed down from the mere on the 
hill-side. 

The rains fell that December in immense quantities. 
The mere was swollen beyond its usual limits, and all the 
hollows in the hills were filled to overflowing. One day 
when the old priest was on the hill-side gathering fuel he 
noticed that the barrier of peat, earth, and stones, which 
prevented the mere from flowing into the valley, was 
apparently giving way before the mass of water above. He 
hurried down to the village and besought the men to come 
up and cut a channel for the discharge of the superfluous 

^ Miss C. S. Burne, Shropshire Folk-Lore, p. 64. 



84 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR V TALES. 

waters of the mere. They only greeted his proposal with 
shouts of derision, and told him to go and mind his prayers, 
and not spoil their feast with his croaking and his kill-joy 
presence. 

These heathen were then keeping their winter festival 
with great revelry. It fell on Christmas Eve. The same 
night the aged priest summoned his few faithful ones to 
attend at the midnight mass, which ushered in the feast of 
our Saviour's Nativity. The night was stormy, and the rain 
fell in torrents, yet this did not prevent the Uttle flock from 
coming to the chapel. The old servant of God had already 
begun the holy sacrifice, when a roar was heard in the upper 
part of the valley. The server was just ringing the Sanctus 
bell which hung in the bell-cot, when a flood of water dashed 
into the church, and rapidly rose till it put out the altar- 
lights. In a few moments more the whole building was 
washed away, and the mere, which had burst its mountain 
barrier, occupied the hollow in which the village had stood. 
Men say that if you sail over the mere on Christmas Eve, 
just after midnight, you may hear the Sanctus bell tolling. 



GIANTS. 



THE ORIGIN OF THE WREKIN.i 

Once upon a time there was a wicked old giant in Wales 
who, for some reason or other, had a very great spite against 
the Mayor of Shrewsbury and all his people, and he made 
up his mind to dam up the Severn, and by that means cause 
such a flood that the town would be drowned. 

So off he set, carrying a spadeful of earth, and tramped 
along mile after mile trying to find the way to Shrewsbury. 
And how he missed it I cannot tell, but he must have gone 
wrong somewhere, for at last he got close to Wellington, and 
by that time he was puffing and blowing under his heavy 
load, and wishing he was at the end of his journey. By- 
and-by there came a cobbler along the road with a sack of 
old boots and shoes on his back, for he lived at Wellington, 
and went once a fortnight to Shrewsbury to collect his 
customers' old boots and shoes, and take them home with 
him to mend. And the giant called out to him. " I say," 
he said, "how far is it to Shrewsbury?" "Shrewsbury," 
said the cobbler; "what do you want at Shrewsbury?" 
"Why," said the giant, "to fill up the Severn with this 
lump of earth I've got here. I've an old grudge against the 
Mayor and the folks at Shrewsbury, and now 1 mean to 
drown them out, and get rid of them all at once." "My 
^ Miss C. S. Burne, Shropshire Folk-lore., p. 2. 



86 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

word!" thought the cobbler, "thisll never do! I cnn't 
afford to lose my customers ! " and he spoke up again. 
"Eh!" he said, "you'll never get to Shrewsbury — not 
to-day, nor to-morrow. Why, look at me ! I'm just come 
from Shrewsbur)', and I've had time to wear out all these 
old boots and shoes on the road since I started." And he 
showed him his sack. ** Oh ! " said the giant, with a great 
groan, "then it's no use! I'm fairly tired out already, and 
I can't carry this load of mine any farther. I shall just 
drop it here and go back home." So he dropped the earth 
on the ground just where he stood, and scraped his boots 
on the spade, and off he went home again to Wales, and 
nobody ever heard anything of him in Shropshire after. 
But where he put down his load there stands the Wrekin to 
this day ; and even the earth he scraped off his boots was 
such a pile that it made the little Ercall by the Wrekin's 
side. 



THE BLINDED GIANT.i 

At Dalton, near Thirsk, in Yorkshire, is a mill It has 
quite recently been rebuilt ; but when I was at Dalton, six 
years ago, the old building stood. In front of the house 
was a long mound, which went by the name of "the giant's 
grave," and in the mill was shown a long blade of iron 
something like a scythe-blade, but not curved, which was 
said to have been the giant's knife. A curious story was 
told of this knife. There lived a giant at this mill, and he 
ground men's bones to make his bread. One day he cap- 
tured a lad on Pilmoor, and instead of grinding him in the 
mill he kept him as his servant, and never let him get away. 
Jack served the giant many years, and never was allowed a 
holiday. At last he could bear it no longer. Topcliffe 
fair was coming on, and the lad entreated that he might be 
allowed to go there to see the lasses and buy some spice. 
The giant surlily refused leave : Jack resolved to take it 

The day was hot, and after dinner the giant lay down in 
the mill with his head on a sack and dozed. He had been 
eating in the mill, and had laid down a great loaf of bone 
bread by his side, and the knife was in his hand, but his 
fingers relaxed their hold of it in sleep. Jack seized the 
moment, drew the knife away, and holding it with both his 
hands drove the blade into the single eye of the giant, who 
woke with a howl of agony, and starting up barred the door. 

^ Henderson, Notes on the Folk-Lore of the Northern Counties of 
England and the Borders, p. 195. 



88 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

Jack was again in difficulties, but he soon found a way out 
of them. The giant had a favourite dog, which had also 
been sleeping when his master was blinded. Jack killed 
the dog, skinned it, and throwing the hide over his back 
ran on all-fours barking between the legs of the giant, and 
so escaped. 



FAIRIES. 



WORCESTERSHIRE FAIRIES.^ 

According to tradition, that interesting headland called 
Oseberrow, or Osebury {vulgo Rosebury) Rock, which lies 
not far from Alfrick, and is situated upon the border of the 
river Teme, in Lulsley, opposite to Knightsford Bridge, 
was a favourite haunt of the fairies {vulgo pharises). It is 
said they had a cave there (which is still shown) ; and that 
once upon a time, as a man and boy were ploughing in an 
adjoining field, they heard an outcry in the copse on the 
steep declivity of the rock; and upon their going to see 
what was the matter, they came up to a fairy, who was 
exclaiming that he had lost his pick, or pick-axe. This, after 
much search, the ploughman found for him ; and there- 
upon the fairy said if they would go to a certain corner of 
the field wherein they had been ploughing, they would get 
their reward. They accordingly went, and found plenty of 
bread and cheese, and cider, on which the man feasted 
heartily; but the boy was so much frightened that he would 
not partake of the repast. 

It also is said that upon another occasion a fairy came 
to a ploughman in the same field, and exclaimed : 

" Oh, lend a hammer and a nail, 
Which we want to mend our pail." 

' Jabez Allies, On the Antiquities and Folk-Lore of WorcesUrshire^ 
p. 418. 



go ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

There likewise is a saying in the neighbourhood, that if a 
woman should break her peel (a kind of shovel used in 
baking bread), and should leave it for a little while at the 
fairies' cave in Osebury Rock, it would be mended for her. 

In days of yore, when the church at Inkberrow was taken 
down and rebuilt upon a new site, the fairies, whose haunt 
was near the latter place, took offence at the change, and 
endeavoured to obstruct the building by carrying back the 
materials in the night to the old locality. At length, 
however, the church was triumphant, but for many a day 
afterwards the following lament is said to have been 
occasionally heard : 

" Neither sleep, neither lie, 
For Inkbro's ting-tang hangs so high." 

The church is a large and handsome edifice, of mixed 
styles of architecture. It is supposed to have been built 
about five centuries ago, but has undergone much alteration. 

As a countryman was one day working in a field in 
Upton Snodsbury, he all of a sudden heard a great outcry 
in a neighbouring piece of ground, which was followed by a 
low, mournful voice, saying : " I have broke my bilk, I have 
broke my bilk;" and thereupon the man picked up the 
hammer and nails which he had with him, and ran to the 
spot from whence the outcry came, where he found a fairy 
lamenting over his broken bilk, which was a kind of cross- 
barred seat; this the man soon mended, and the fairy, to 
make him amends for his pains danced round him till he 
wound him down into a cave, where he was treated with 
plenty of biscuits and wine ; and it is said that from thence- 
forward that man always did well in life. 



THE FAIRY'S MIDWIFE.i 

Once upon a time there was, in this celebrated town, a 
Dame Somebody. I do not know her name. All I with 
truth can say is that she was old, and nothing the worse for 
that ; for age is, or ought to be, held in honour as the source 
of wisdom and experience. Now this good old woman 
lived not in vain, for she had passed her days in the useful 
capacity of a nurse ; and as she approached the term of 
going out of the world herself, she was still useful in her 
generation by helping others into it — she was in fact the 
Sage-femme of the village. 

One night about twelve o'clock in the morning, as the 
good folks say who tell the tale. Dame Somebody had just 
got comfortably into bed, when rap, rap, rap, came on her 
cottage door, with such bold, loud, and continued noise, 
that there was a sound of authority in every individual 
knock. Startled and alarmed by the call, she arose, and 
soon learnt that the summons was a hasty one to bid her 
attend on a patient who needed her help. She opened her 
door; when the summoner appeared to be a strange, 
squint-eyed, little, ugly, old fellow, who had a look, as she 
said, very like a certain dark personage, who ought not at 
all times to be called by his proper name. Not at all 
prepossessed in favour of the errand by the visage of the 
messenger, she nevertheless could not, or dared not, resist 

^ Mrs. Bray, The Borders of the Tamar and Iht Tavy, voL i. 
p. 174. 



92 ENGLISH FOLK 

the command to follow him straight and attend upon " his 
wife." 

" Thy wife ! " thought the good dame : " Heaven forgive 
me ; but as sure as I live I be going to the birth of a little 
divel." A large coal-black horse, with eyes like balls of 
fire, stood at the door. The ill-looking old fellow, without 
more ado, whisked her up on a high pillion in a minute, 
seated himself before her, and away went horse and riders, 
as if sailing through the air rather than trotting on the 
ground. How Dame Somebody got to the place of her 
destination she could not tell ; but it was a great relief to 
her fears when she found herself set down at the door of 
a neat cottage, saw a couple of tidy children, and remarked 
her patient to be a decent-looking woman, having all things 
about her fitting the time and the occasion. 

A fine bouncing babe soon made its appearance, and 
seemed very bold on its entry into life, for it gave the good 
dame a box on the ear, as, with the coaxing and cajolery of 
all good old nurses, she declared the " sweet little thing to 
be very like its father." The mother said nothing to this, 
but gave nurse a certain ointment with directions that she 
should "strike the child's eyes with it." Now you must 
know that this word " strike," in our Devonshire vocabulary, 
does not exactly mean to give a blow, but rather what is 
opposite, to " rub, smooth down, or touch gently." The 
nurse performed her task, though she thought it an odd 
one ; and as it is nothing new that old nurses are generally 
very curious, she wondered what it could be for; and 
thought that, as no doubt it was a good thing, she might 
just as well try it upon her own eyes as those of the baby, 
so she made free to strike one of them by way of trial ; 
when, oh ye powers of fairyland, what a change was 
there 1 The neat but homely cottage, and all who were 



AND FAIRY TALES. 93 

in it, seemed all on a sudden to undergo a mighty 
transformation, some for the better, some for the worse. 
The new-made mother appeared as a beautiful lady attired 
in white ; the babe was seen wrapped in swaddling clothes 
of a silvery gauze. It looked much prettier than before, 
but still maintained the elfish cast of the eye, Uke its 
redoubted father j whilst two or three children more had 
undergone a metamorphosis as uncouth as that recorded by 
Ovid when the Cercopians were transformed into apes. 
For there sat on either side of the bed's head a couple of 
little flat-nosed imps, who with "mops and mows," and 
with many a grimace and grin, were "busied to no end" in 
scratching their own polls, or in pulling the fairy lady's ears 
with their long and hairy paws. The dame, who beheld all 
this, fearing she knew not what in the house of enchant- 
ment, got away as fast as she could without saying one word 
about " striking " her own eye with the magic ointment, and 
what she had beheld in consequence of doing so. The 
sour-looking old fellow once more handed her up on the 
coal-black horse, and sent her home in a whip-sissa. Now 
what a whip-sissa means is more than I can tell, though I 
consider myself to be tolerably well acquainted with the 
tongues of this " West Countrie." It may mean perhaps, 
"Whip, says he," in allusion to some gentle intimation 
being feelingly given by the rider to the horse's sides with a 
switch, that he should use the utmost despatch. Certain it 
is, the old woman returned home much faster than she 
went. But mark the event. On the next market-day, when 
she sallied forth to sell her eggs, whom should she see but 
the same wicked-looking old fellow, busied, like a rogue as 
he was, in pilfering sundry articles from stall to stall. " Oh! 
oh !" thought the dame, "have I caught you, you old thief? 
But I'll let you see I could set Master Mayor and the two 



94 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

town constables on your back, if I chose to be telling." So 
up she went, and with that bold, free sort of air which 
persons who have learnt secrets that ought not to be known 
are apt to assume when they address any great rogue 
hitherto considered as a superior, she inquired carelessly 
after his wife and child, and hoped both were as well as 
could be expected. 

" What 1 " exclaimed the old pixy thief, " do you see me 
to-day?" 

" See you ! to be sure I do, as plain as I see the sun in 
the skies; and I see you are busy into the bargain." 

" Do you so ? " cried he. *' Pray with which eye do you 
see all this ? " 

"With the right eye, to be sure." 

" The ointment ! the ointment I " exclaimed the old 
fellow. " Take that for meddling with what did not belong 
to you — you shall see me no more," 

He struck her eye as he spoke, and from that hour till 
the day of her death she was blind on the right side, thus 
dearly paying for having gratified an idle curiosity in the 
house of a pixy. 




THE ADVENTURE OF CHERRY OF ZENNOR.1 



Old Honey lived with his wife and family in a little 
hut of two rooms and a "talfat,"^ on the cliff side of 
Trereen in 2^nnor. The old couple had half a score 
of children, who were all reared in this place. They 
lived as they best could on the produce of a few acres of 
ground, which were too poor to keep even a goat in good 
heart. The heaps of crogans (limpet shells) about the hut 
led one to believe that their chief food was limpets and 
gweans (periwinkles). They had, however, fish and pota- 
toes most days, and pork and broth now and then of a 
Sunday. At Christmas and the Feast they had white 
bread. There was not a healthier nor a handsomer family 
in the parish than Old Honey's. We are, however, only 
concerned with one of them, his daughter Cherry. Cherry 
could run as fast as a hare, and was ever full of frolic and 
mischiet 

Whenever the miller's boy came into the " town," tied his 
horse to the furze rick, and called in to see if any one 
desired to send corn to the mill, Cherry would jump on to 
its back and gallop off to the cliff. When the miller's boy 
gave chase, and she could ride no further over the edge of 
that rocky coast she would take to the cairns, and the 

^ Robert Hunt, Popular Romances of the West of England, ist 
series, p. 11 8. 

' Talfat is a half floor at one end of a cottage on which a bed is 
placed. 



96 ENGLISH FOLK 

swiftest dog could not catch her, much less the miller's 
boy. 

Soon after Cherry got into her teens she became very 
discontented, because year after year her mother had been 
promising her a new frock that she might go off as smart as 
the rest, "three on one horse to Morva fair."^ As certain 
as the time came round the money was wantmg, so Cherry 
had nothing decent She could neither go to fair, nor to 
church, nor to meeting. 

Cherry was sixteen. One of her playmates had a new 
dress smartly trimmed with ribbons, and she told Cherry 
how she had been to Nancledry to the preaching, and 
how she had ever so many sweethearts who brought her 
home. This put the volatile Cherry in a fever of desire. 
She declared to her mother she would go off to the " low 
countries " ^ to seek for service, that she might get some 
clothes like other girls. 

Her mother wished her to go to Towednack that she 
might have the chance of seeing her now and then of a 
Sunday. 

" No, no ! " said Cherry, •' I'll never go to live in the 
parish where the cow ate the bell-rope, and where they have 
fish and taties (potatoes) every day, and conger-pie of a 
Sunday, for a change." 

One fine morning Cherry tied up a few things in a bundle 
and prepared to start. She promised her father that she 
would get service as near home as she could, and come 
home at the earliest opportunity. The old man said she 
was bewitched, charged her to take care she wasn't carried 

^ A Cornish proverb. 

* The terms "high" and "low countries" are appHed respectively 
to the hills and the valleys of the country about Towednack and 
Zennor. 




AND FAIRY TALES. 97 

away by either the sailors or pirates, and allowed her to 
depart. Cherry took the road leading to Ludgvan and 
GulvaL When she lost sight of the chimneys of Trereen, 
she got out of heart and had a great mind to go home 
again. But she went on. 

At length she came to the "four cross roads" on the 
Lady Downs, sat herself down on a stone by the road-side, 
and cried to think of her home, which she might never see 
again. 

Her crying at last came to an end, and she resolved to 
go home and make the best of it 

When she dried her eyes and held up her head she was 
surprised to see a gentleman coming towards her ; for she 
couldn't think where he came from ; no one was to be seen 
on the Downs a few minutes before. 

The gentleman wished her " good morning," inquired the 
road to Towednack, and asked Cherry where she was going. 

Cherry told the gentleman that she had left home that 
morning to look for service, but that her heart had failed 
her, and she was going back over the hills to Zennor again. 

" I never expected to meet with such luck as this," said 
the gentleman. " I left home this morning to seek for a 
nice clean girl to keep house for me, and here you are." 

He then told Cherry that he had been recently left a 
widower, and that he had one dear little boy, of whom 
Cherry might have charge. Cherry was the very girl that 
would suit him. She was handsome and cleanly. He 
could see that her clothes were so mended that the first 
piece could not be discovered ; yet she was as sweet as a 
rose, and all the water in the sea could not make her 
cleaner. Poor Cherry said " Yes, sir," to everything, yet 
she did not understand one quarter part of what the 
gentleman said. Her mother had instructed her to say 



98 ENGLISH FOLK 

"Yes, sir," to the parson, or any gentleman, when, like 
herself, she did not understand them. The gentleman told 
her he lived but a short way o% down in the low countries ; 
that she would have very little to do but milk the cow and 
look after the baby ; so Cherry consented to go with him. 

Away they went ; he talking so kindly that Cherry had 
no notion how time was moving, and she quite forgot the 
distance she had walked. 

At length they were in lanes, so shaded with trees that a 
checker of sunshine scarcely gleamed on the road. As far 
as she could see, all was trees and flowers. Sweet briars 
and honeysuckles perfumed the air, and the reddest of ripe 
apples hung from the trees over the lane. 

Then they came to a stream of water as clear as crystal, 
which ran across the lane. It was, however, very dark, and 
Cherry paused to see how she should cross the river. The 
gentleman put his arm around her waist and carried her 
over, so that she did not wet her feet. 

The lane was getting darker and darker, and narrower 
and narrower, and they seemed to be going rapidly down 
hill. Cherry took firm hold of the gentleman's arm, and 
thought, as he had been so kind to her, she could go with 
him to the world's end. 

After walking a little further, the gentleman opened a 
gate which led into a beautiful garden, and said: "Cherry, 
my dear, this is the place we live in." 

Cherry could scarcely believe her eyes. She had never 
seen anything approaching this place for beauty. Flowers 
of every dye were around her; fruits of all kinds hung 
above her \ and the birds, sweeter of song than any she had 
ever heard, burst out into a chorus of rejoicing. She had 
heard granny tell of enchanted places. Could this be one 
of them ? No. The gentleman was as big as the parson ; 



AND FAIRY TALES. 99 

and now a little boy came running down the garden walk 
shouting : " Papa, papa," 

The child appeared, from his size, to be about two or 
three years of age ; but there was a singular look of age 
about him. His eyes were brilliant and piercing, and he 
had a crafty expression. As Cherry said, " He could look 
anybody down." 

Before Cherry could speak to the child, a very old dry- 
boned, ugly-looking woman made her appearance, and 
seizing the child by the arm, dragged him into the house, 
mumbling and scolding. Before, however, she was lost 
sight of, the old hag cast one look at Cherry, which shot 
through her heart "like a gimblet." 

Seeing Cherry somewhat disconcerted, the master ex- 
plained that the old woman was his late wife's grandmother : 
that she would remain with them until Cherry knew her 
work, and no longer, for she was old and ill-tempered, and 
must go. At length, having feasted her eyes on the garden, 
Cherry was taken into the house, and this was yet more 
beautiful Flowers of every kind grew everywhere, and the 
sun seemed to shine everywhere, and yet she did not see 
the sun. 

Aunt Prudence — so was the old woman named — spread 
a table in a moment with a great variety of nice things, and 
Cherry made a hearty supper. She was now directed to go 
to bed, in a chamber at the top of the house, in which the 
child was to sleep also. Prudence directed Cherry to keep 
her eyes closed, whether she could sleep or not, as she 
might, perchance, see things which she would not like. 
She was not to speak to the child all night. She was to 
rise at break of day ; then take the boy to a spring in the 
garden, wash him, and anoint his eyes with an ointment, 
which she would find in a crystal box in a cleft of the rock. 



too ENGLISH FOLK 

but she was not on any account to touch her own eyes 
with it. Then Cherry was to call the cow ; and having 
taken a bucket full of milk, to draw a bowl of the last milk 
for the boy's breakfast. Cherry was dying with curiosity. 
She several times began to question' the child, but he always 
stopped her with : " I'll tell Aunt Prudence." According to 
her orders, Cherry was up in the morning early. The 
little boy conducted the girl to the spring, which flowed in 
crystal purity from a granite rock, which was covered with 
ivy and beautiful mosses. The child was duly washed, and 
his eyes duly anointed. Cherry saw no cow, but her little 
charge said she must call the cow. 

" Pruit ! pruit ! pruit ! " called Cherry, just as she would 
call the cows at home; when, lo! a beautiful great cow 
came from amongst the trees, and stood on the bank beside 
Cherry. 

Cherry had no sooner placed her hands on the cow's teats 
than four streams of milk flowed down and soon filled the 
bucket. The boy's bowl was then filled, and he drank it. 
This being done, the cow quietly walked away, and Cherry 
returned to the house to be instructed in her daily 
work. 

The old woman, Prudence, gave Cherry a capital break- 
fast, and then informed her that she must keep to the 
kitchen, and attend to her work there — to scald the milk, 
make the butter, and clean all the platters and bowls with 
water and gard (gravel sand). Cherry was charged to 
avoid curiosity. She was not to go into any other part of 
the house ; she was not to try and open any locked doors. 

After her ordinary work was done on the second day, her 
master required Cherry to help him in the garden, to pick 
the apples and pears, and to weed the leeks and onions. 

Glad was Cherry to get out of the old woman's sight. 




AND FAIRY TALES. loi 

Aunt Prudence always sat with one eye on her knitting, and 
the other boring through poor Cherry. Now and then she'd 
grumble : " I knew Robin would bring down some fool from 
Zennor — better for both that she had tarried away." 

Cherry and her master got on famously, and whenever 
Cherry had finished weeding a bed, her master would give 
her a kiss to show her how pleased he was. 

After a few days, old Aunt Prudence took Cherry into 
those parts of the house which she had never seen. They 
passed through a long dark passage. Cherry was then made 
to take off her shoes ; and they entered a room, the floor 
of which was like glass, and all round, perched on the 
shelves, and on the floor, were people, big and small, turned 
to stone. Of some, there were only the head and shoulders, 
the arms being cut off; others were perfect. Cherry told 
the old woman she "wouldn't cum ony furder for the 
wurld." She thought from the first she was got into a land 
of Small People underground, only master was like other 
men ; .but now she know'd she was with the conjurers, who 
had turned all these people to stone. She had heard talk 
on 'em up in Zennor, and she knew they might at any 
moment wake up and eat her. 

Old Prudence laughed at Cherry, and drove her on, 
insisted upon her rubbing up a box, "like a coffin on six 
legs," until she could see her face in it. Well, Cherry did 
not want for courage, so she began to rub with a will ; the 
old woman standing by, knitting all the time, calling out 
every now and then : " Rub ! rub ! rub ! Harder and 
faster ! " At length Cherry got desperate, and giving a 
violent rub at one of the corners, she nearly upset the box. 
^Vhen, O Lor ! it gave out such a doleful, unearthly sound, 
that Cherry thought all the stone people were coming to 
life, and with her fright she fell down in a fit The master 

9 



io2 ENGLISH FOLK 

heard all this noise, and came in to inquire into the cause 
of the hubbub. He was in great wrath, kicked old 
Prudence out of the house for taking Cherry into that shut- 
up room, carried Cherry into the kitchen, and soon, with 
some cordial, recovered her senses. Cherry could not 
remember what had happened ; but she knew there was 
something fearful in the other part of the house. But 
Cherry was mistress now — old Aunt Prudence was gone. 
Her master was so kind and loving that a year passed by 
like a summer day. Occasionally her master left home for 
a season j then he would return and spend much time in 
the enchanted apartments, and Cherry was certain she had 
heard him talking to the stone people. Cherry had every- 
thing the human heart could desire; but she was not 
happy ; she would know more of the place and the people. 
Cherry had discovered that the ointment made the little 
boy's eyes bright and strange, and she thought often that he 
saw more than she did ; she would try ; yes, she would ! 

Well, next morning the child was washed, his eyes 
anointed, and the cow milked ; she sent the boy to gather 
her some flowers in the garden, and taking a " crum " of 
ointment, she put it into her eye. Oh, her eye would 
be burned out of her head ! Cherry ran to the pool 
beneath the rock to wash her burning eye; when lo ! she 
saw at the bottom of the water hundreds of little people, 
mostly ladies, playing — and there was her master, as small 
as the others, playing with them. Everything now looked 
different about the place. Small people were everywhere, 
hiding in the flowers sparkling with diamonds, swinging in 
the trees, and running and leaping under and over the 
blades of grass. The master never showed himself above 
the water all day ; but at night he rode up to the house 
like the handsome gentleman she had seen before. He 



AND FAIRY TALES. 103 

went to the enchanted chamber, and Cherry soon heard the 
most beautiful music. 

In the morning her master was off, dressed as if to 
follow the hounds. He returned at night, left Cherry 
to herself, and proceeded at once to his private apartments. 
Thus it was day after day, until Cherry could stand it no 
longer. So she peeped through the key-hole, and saw her 
master with lots of ladies, singing ; while one dressed like 
a queen was playing on the coffin. Oh, how madly jealous 
Cherry became when she saw her master kiss this lovely 
lady. However, the next day the master remained at 
home to gather fruit. Cherry was to help him, and when, 
as usual, he looked to kiss her, she slapped his face, and 
told him to kiss the Small People, like himself, with whom 
he played under the water. So he found out that Cherry 
had used the ointment. With much sorrow, he told her she 
must go home, that he would have no spy on his actions, 
and that Aunt Prudence must come back. Long before 
day, Cherry was called by her master. He gave her lots of 
clothes and other things ; took her bundle in one hand, and 
a lantern in the other, and bade her follow him. They 
went on for miles on miles, all the time going up-hill, 
through lanes, and narrow passages. When they came at 
last on level ground, it was near daybreak. He kissed 
Cherry, told her she was punished for her idle curiosity; 
but that he would, if she behaved well, come sometimes on 
the Lady Downs to see her. Saying this, he disappeared. 
The sun rose, and there was Cherry seated on a granite 
stone, without a soul within miles of her — a desolate moor 
having taken the place of a smiling garden. Long, long 
did Cherry sit in sorrow, but at last she thought she would 
go home. 

Her parents had supposed her dead, and when they saw 



I04 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

her, they believed her to be her own ghost. Cherry told 
her story, which every one doubted, but Cherry never 
varied her tale, and at last every one believed it. They say 
Cherry was never afterwards right in her head, and on 
moonlight nights, until she died, she would wander on to 
the I^dy Downs to look for her master. 




THE FAIRY FUNERAL.^ 



The parish church of Lelant is curiously situated amidst 
hills of blown sand, near the entrance of the creek of Hayle. 
The sandy waste around the church is called the Towen ; 
and this place was long the scene of the midnight gambols 
of the Small People. In the adjoining village — or, as it 
is called in Cornwall, the "church-town" — lived an old 
woman who had been, according to her own statement, a 
frequent witness to the use made by the fairies of the 
Towen. Her husband, also, had seen some extraordinary 
scenes on the same spot. From her — to me, oft-repeated 
description — I get the following tale: — It was the fishing 
season; and Richard had been to St. Ives for some fish. 
He was returning, laden with pilchards, on a beautiful 
moonlight night; and as he ascended the hill from St 
Ives he thought he heard the bell of Lelant church tolling. 
Upon a nearer approach he saw lights in the church ; and 
most distinctly did the bell toll — not with its usual clear 
sound, but dull and heavy as if it had been mufiled, scarcely 
awakening any echo. Richard walked towards the church, 
and cautiously, but not without fear, approaching one of 
the windows, looked in. At first he could not perceive any 
one within, nor discover whence the light came by which 
everything was so distinctly illuminated. At length he saw, 
moving along the centre aisle, a funeral procession. The 

' Robert Hunt, Popular Romancu of the West of England, 1st scries, 
P-93- 



io6 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

little people who crowded the aisle, although they all looked 
very sorrowful, were not dressed in any mourning garments 
— so far from it they wore wreaths of little roses, and 
carried branches of the blossoming myrtle. Richard 
beheld the bier borne between six — whether men or women 
he could not tell — but he saw that the face of the corpse 
was that of a beautiful female, smaller than the smallest 
child's doll. It was, Richard said, "as if it were a dead 
seraph," — so very lovely did it appear to him. The body 
was covered with white flowers, and its hair, like gold 
threads, was tangled amongst the blossoms. The body 
was placed within the altar j and then a large party 
of men, with picks and spades, began to dig a little hole 
close by the sacramental table. Their task being 
completed, others, with great care, removed the body 
and placed it in the hole. The entire company crowded ^ 
around, eager to catch a parting glimpse of that beauti- 
ful corpse ere yet it was placed in the earth. As it 
was lowered into the ground they began to tear off their 
flowers and break their branches of myrtle, crying: " Our 
queen is dead ! our queen is dead ! " At length one of the 
men who had dug the grave threw a shovelful of earth upon 
the body; and the shriek of the fairy host so alarmed 
Richard, that he involuntarily joined in it In a moment 
all the lights were extinguished, and the fairies were heard 
flying in great consternation in every direction. Many of 
them brushed past the terrified man, and, shrieking, pierced 
him with sharp instruments. He was compelled to save his 
life by the most rapid flight. 



THE PISKIES IN THE CELLAR.^ 

On the Thursday immediately preceding Christmas-tide 
(year not recorded) were assembled at " The Rising Sun " 
the captain and men of a Stream Work^ in the Cousc 
below. This Couse was a flat alluvial moor, broken by 
gigantic mole-hills, the work of many a generation of 
tinners. One was half inclined, on looking at the turmoiled 
ground, to believe with them that the tin grew in successive • 
crops, for, after years of turning and searching, there was 
still enough left to give the landlord his dole, and to furnish 
wages to some dozen Streamers. This night was a festival 
observed in honour of one Picrous^ and intended to 
celebrate the discovery of tin on this day by a man of that 
name. The feast is still kept, though the observance has 
dwindled to a supper and its attendant merrymaking. 

Our story has especially to do with the adventures of one 
of the party, John Sturtridge, who, well primed with ale, 
started on his homeward way for Luxulyan Church-town. 
John had got as far as Tregarden Down without any mishap 
worth recording, when, alas ! he happed upon a party of 
the little people, who were at their sports in the shelter of 
a huge granite boulder. Assailed by shouts of derisive 

^ Robert Hunt, Popular Romances of the West of England, 1st 
series, p. 76. 

^ A " Stream Work " is a place where tin is obtained from the 
drift deposits. " Streamers " are the tinners who wash out the tin. 

* Picrous day is still kept up in Luxulyan. 



io8 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

laughter, he hastened on frightened and bewildered, but 
the Down, well known from early experience, became like 
ground untrodden, and after long trial no gate or stile was 
to be found. He was getting vexed, as well as puzzled, 
when a chorus of tiny voices shouted : " Ho ! and away for 
Par Beach ! " John repeated the shout, and was in an 
instant caught up, and in a twinkling found himself on the 
sands of Par. A brief dance, and the cry was given : '* Ho ! 
and away for Squire Tremain's cellar ! " A repetition of the 
Piskie cry found John with his elfish companions in the 
cellars at Heligan, where was beer and wine galore. It need 
not be said that he availed himself of his opportunities. The 
mixture of all the good liquors so affected him that, alas ! 
he forgot in time to catch up the next cry of " Ho ! and 
away for Par Beach ! " In the morning John was found by 
the butler, groping and tumbling among butts and barrels, 
very much muddled with the squire's good drink. His 
strange story, very incoherently told, was not credited by 
the squire, who committed him to jail for the burglary, and 
in due time he was convicted and sentenced to death. 

The morning of his execution arrived ; a large crowd had 
assembled, and John was standing under the gallows tree, 
when a commotion was observed in the crowd, and a little 
lady of commanding mien made her way through the open- 
ing throng to the scaffold. In a shrill, sweet voice, which 
John recognised, she cried : " Ho ! and away for France ! " 
which being replied to, he was rapt from the ofificers of 
justice, leaving them and the multitude mute with wonder 
and disappointment. 



EDWIN AND SIR TOPAZ. 

In Britain's isle and Arthur's days, 
Wiien midnight faeries daunc'd the maze, 

Liv'd Edwin of the green ; 
Edwin, I wis, a gentle youth, 
Endow'd with courage, sense, and truth, 

Though badly shap'd he been. 

His mountain back mote well be said 
1 o measure heighth against his head, 

And lift itself above : 
Yet spite of all that Nature did 
To make his uncouth form forbid, 

This creature dar'd to love. 

He felt the charms of Edith's eyes, 
Nor wanted hope to gain the prize, 

Could ladies look within ; 
But one Sir Topaz dress'd with art, 
And, if a shape could win a heart, 

He had a shape to win. 

Edwin, if right I read my song, 
With slighted passion pac'd along 

All in the moony light : 
'Twas near an old enchanted court, 
Where sportive faeries made resort 

To revel out the night. 

1 T. Pamell, Poems, Aldine Edition, p. 55, 



1 1 o ENGLISH FOLK 

His heart was drear, his hope was cross'd, 
'Twas late, 'twas farr, the path was lost 

That reach'd the neighbour-town ; 
With weary steps he quits the shades, 
Resolv'd the darkling dome he treads, 

And drops his limbs adown. 

But scant he lays him on the floor, 
When hollow winds remove the door, 

A trembling rocks the ground : 
And, well I ween to count aright, 
At once an hundred tapers light 

On all the walls around. 

Now sounding tongues assail his ear, 
Now sounding feet approachen near. 

And now the sounds encrease ; 
And from the corner where he lay 
He sees a train profusely gay 

Come pranckling o'er the place. 

But, trust me, gentles, never yet 
Was dight a masquing half so neat, 

Or half so rich before ; 
The country lent the sweet perfumes, 
The sea the pearl, the sky the plumes. 

The town its silken store. 

Now whilst he gazed, a gallant drest 
In flaunting robes above the rest, 

With awfull accent cried : 
" What mortal of a wretched mind, 
Whose sighs infect the balmy wind, 

Has here presumed to hide ? " 



AND FAIR Y TALES. 

At this the swain, whose venturous soul 
No fears of magic art controul, 

Advanc'd in open sight. 
" Nor have I cause of dreed," he said, 
"Who view, by no presumption led. 

Your revels of the night 

" 'Twas grief for scorn of faithful love, 
Which made my steps unweeting rove 

Amid the nightly dew." 
'"Tis well," the gallant cries again, 
" We faeries never injure men 

Who dare to tell us true. 

" Exalt thy love-dejected heart, 
Be mine the task, or ere we part, 

To make thee grief resign ; 
Now take the pleasure of thy chaunce ; 
Whilst I with Mab, my partner, daunce, 

Be little Mable thine ! " 

He spoke, and all a sudden there 
Light musick floats in wanton air ; 

The monarch leads the queen ; 
The rest their faerie partners found, 
And Mable trimly tript the ground 

With Edwin of the green. 

The dauncing past, the board was laid, 
And siker such a feast was made 

As heart and lip desire ; 
Withouten hands the dishes fly, 
The glasses with a wish come nigh, 

And with a wish retire. 



112 ENGLISH FOLK 

But now to please the faery king, 
Full every deal they laugh and sing, 

And antick feats devise ; 
Some wind and tumble like an ape, 
And other-some transmute their shape 

In Edwin's wondering eyes. 

I'ill one at last that Robin hight, 
Renown'd for pinching maids by night, 

Has hent him up aloof; 
And full against the beam he flung, 
Where by the back the youth he hung 

To sprawl unneath the roof. 

From thence, " Reverse my charm," he cries, 
*' And let it fairly now suffice 

The gambol has been shown." 
But Oberon answers with a smile, 
*' Content thee, Edwin, for a while. 

The vantage is thine own." 

Here ended all the phantome play; 
They smelt the fresh approach of day. 

And heard a cock to crow ; 
The whirling wind that bore the crowd 
Has clapp'd the door, and whistled loud 

To warn them all to go. 

Then screaming all at once they fly. 
And all at once the tapers die ; 

Poor Edwin falls to floor ; 
Forlorn his state, and dark the place, 
Was never wight in such a case 

Through all the land before. 



AND FAIRY TALES. 113 

But soon as Dan Apollo rose, 
Full jolly creature home he goes, 

He feels his back the less ; 
His honest tongue and steady mind 
Han rid him of the lump behind 

Which made him want success. 

With lusty livelyhed he talks, 
He seems adauncing as he walks ; 

His story soon took wind j 
And beauteous Edith sees the youth, 
Endow'd with courage, sense, and truth 

Without a bunch behind. 

The story told, Sir Topaz mov'd, 
The youth of Edith erst approv'd, 

To see the revel scene. 
At close of eve he leaves his home, 
And wends to find the ruin'd dome 

All on the gloomy plain. 

As there he bides, it so befell, 

The wind came rustling down a dellj 

A shaking seiz'd the wall : 
Up sprang the tapers as before, 
The faeries bragly foot the floor, 

And musick fills the hall. 

But, certes, sorely sunk with woe, 
Sir Topaz sees the elfin show, 

His spirits in him die : 
When Oberon cries, " A man is near 
A mortall passion, cleeped fear, 

Hangs flagging in the sky." 



1 1 4 ENGLISH FOLK 

With that Sir Topaz, hapless youth, 
In accents faultering ay for ruth 

Intreats them pity graunt ; 
For als he been a mister wight 
Betray'd by wandering in the night 

To tread the circled haunt, 

" Ah losell vile ! " at once they roar, 
" And little skill'd of faerie lore, 

Thy cause to come we know : 
Now has thy kestrell courage fell ; 
And faeries, since a lie you tell. 

Are free to work thee woe." 

Then Will, who bears the wispy fire 
To trail the swains among the mire, 

The caitive upward flung ; 
There like a tortoise in a shop 
He dangled from the chamber-top 

Where whilome Edwin hung. 

The revel now proceeds apace, 
Deffly they frisk it o'er the place, 

They sit, they drink, and eat ; 
The time with frolick mirth beguile. 
And poor Sir Topaz hangs the while 

Till all the rout retreat. 

By this the Starrs began to wink, 
They shriek, they fly, the tapers sink, 

And down ydrops the knight : 
For never spell by faerie laid 
With strong enchantment bound a glade 

Beyond the length of night. 



AND FAIRY TALES. 115 

Chill, dark, alone, adreed, he lay, 
Till up the welkin rose the day. 

Then deem'd the dole was o'er : 
But wot ye well his harder lot ? 
His seely back the bunch has got- 

Which Edwin lost afore. 

This tale a Sybil-nurse ared ; 

She softly stroked my youngling head,. 

And when the tale was done, 
" Thus some are born, my son," she cries, 
" With base impediment to rise. 

And some are born with none. 

" But virtue can itself advance 

To what the favourite fools of chance 

By fortune seem'd design'd ; 
Virtue can gain the odds of fate. 
And from itself shake off the weight 

Upon th' unworthy mind." 



THE TWO SERVING DAMSELS.^ 

Two serving damsels of this place declared, as an excuse, 
perhaps, for spending more money than they ought upon 
finery, that the pixies were very kind to them, and would 
often drop silver for their pleasure into a bucket of fair 
water, which they placed for the accommodation of those 
little beings in the chimney corner every night before they 
went to bed. Once, however, it was forgotten, and the 
pixies, finding themselves disappointed by an empty bucket, 
whisked upstairs to the maids' bedroom, popped through 
the keyhole, and began in a very audible tone to exclaim 
against the laziness and neglect of the damsels. One of 
them who lay awake and heard all this, jogged her fellow- 
servant, and proposed getting up immediately to repair the 
fault of omission; but the lazy girl, who liked not being 
disturbed out of a comfortable nap, pettishly declared "that, 
for her part, she would not stir out of bed to please all the 
pixies in Devonshire." The good-humoured damsel, how- 
ever, got up, filled the bucket, and was rewarded by a 
handful of silver pennies found in it the next morning. 
But ere that time had arrived, what was her alarm as she 
crept towards the bed, to hear all the elves in high and 
stern debate, consulting as to what punishment should be 

^ Mrs. Bray, The Borders of tht Tamar and the Tavy, vol. i. 
p. 178. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 117 

inflicted on the lazy lass who would not stir for their 
pleasure. 

Some proposed "pinches, nips, and bobs," others to 
spoil her new cherry-coloured bonnet and ribands. One 
talked of sending her the toothache, another of giving her a 
red nose ; but this last was voted a too vindictive punish- 
ment for a pretty young woman. So, tempering mercy with 
justice, the pixies were kind enough to let her oflF with a 
lame leg, which was so to continue only for seven years, 
and was alone to be cured by a certain herb, growing on 
Dartmoor, whose long and learned and very difficult name 
the elfin judge pronounced in a high and audible voice. It 
was a name of seven syllables, seven being also the number 
of years decreed for the chastisement 

The good-natured maid, wishing to save her fellow-damsel 
so long a suffering, tried with might and main to bear in 
mind the name of this potent herb. She said it over and 
over again, tied a knot in her garter at every syllable as a 
help to memory then very popular, and thought she had 
the word as sure as her own name, and very possibly felt 
much more anxious about retaining the one than the other. 

At length she dropped asleep, and did not wake till the 
morning. Now whether her head might be like a sieve, that 
lets out as fast as it takes in, or if the over-exertion to 
remember might cause her to forget, cannot be determined \ 
but certain it is that when she opened her eyes she knew 
nothing at all about the matter, excepting that Molly was to 
go lame on her right leg for seven long years, unless a herb 
with a strange name could be got to cure her. And lame 
she went for nearly the whole of that period. 

At length (it was about the end of that time) a merry, 
squint-eyed, queer-looking boy started up one fine summer 
day, just as she went to pluck a mushroom, and came 

10 



ii8 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

tumbling, head over heels, towards her. He insisted on 
striking her leg with a plant which he held in his hand. 
From that moment she got well, and lame Molly, as a 
reward for her patience in suffering, became the best dancer 
in the whole town at the celebrated festivities of Mayday on 
the green. 



THE TULIP BED.i 

Near a pixy field in this neighbourhood there h'ved on a 
time an old woman who possessed a cottage and a very 
pretty garden, wherein she cultivated a most beautiful bed 
of tulips. The pixies, it is traditionally averred, so delighted 
in this spot, that they would carry their elfin babies thither, 
and sing them to rest. Often at the dead hour of the night 
a sweet lullaby was heard, and strains of the most melodious 
music would float in the air, that seemed to owe their origin 
to no other musicians than the beautiful tulips themselves ; 
and whilst these delicate flowers waved their heads to the 
evening breeze, it sometimes seemed as if they were 
marking time to their own singing. As soon as the elfin 
babies were lulled asleep by such melodies, the pixies 
would return to the neighbouring field, and there com- 
mence dancing, making those rings on the green which 
showed, even to mortal eyes, what sort of gambols had 
occupied them during the night season. 

At the first dawn of light the watchful pixies once more 
sought the tulips, and though still invisible could be heard 
kissing and caressing their babies. The tulips, thus 
favoured by a race of genii, retained their beauty much 
longer than any other flowers in the garden ; whilst, though 
contrary to their nature, as the pixies breathed over them 
they became as fragrant as roses ; and so delighted at all 

1 Mrs. Bray, The Borders of the Tamar and the Tavy, vol. i. p. 180. 



I20 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

this was the old woman who possessed the garden, that she 
never suffered a single tulip to be plucked from its stem. 

At length, however, she died; and the heir who suc- 
ceeded her destroyed the enchanted flowers, and converted 
the spot into a parsley bed, a circumstance which so 
disappointed and offended the pixies that they caused it to 
wither away; and indeed for many years nothing would 
grow in the beds of the whole garden. But these sprites, 
though eager in resenting an injury, were, like most warm 
spirits, equally capable of returning a benefit; and if they 
destroyed the product of the good old woman's garden, 
when it had fallen into unworthy hands, they tended the 
bed that wrapped her clay with affectionate solicitude. 
For they were heard lamenting and singing sweet dirges 
around her grave; nor did they neglect to pay this 
mournful tribute to her memory every night before the 
moon was at the full; for then their high solemnity of 
dancing, singing, and rejoicing took place, to hail the queen 
of the night on completing her silver circle in the skies. 
No human hand ever tended the grave of the poor old 
woman who had nurtured the tulip bed for the delight of 
these elfin creatures ; but no rank weed was ever seen to 
grow upon it; the sod was ever green, and the prettiest 
flowers would spring up without sowing, or planting, and so 
they continued to do till it was supposed the mortal body 
was reduced to its original dust 



THE FISHERMAN AND THE PISKIES.i 

John Taprail, long since dead, moored his boat one 
evening beside a barge of much larger size, in which his 
neighbour John Rendle traded between this place and 
Plymouth ; and as the wind, though gusty, was not 
sufficient to cause any apprehension, he went to bed and 
slept soundly. In the middle of the night he was awoke by 
a voice from without bidding him get up, and " shift his 
rope over Rendle' s," as his boat was in considerable danger. 
Now, as all Taprail's capital was invested in his boat and 
gear, we may be sure that he was not long in putting on his 
sea-clothes, and going to its rescue. To his great chagrin, 
he found that a joke had been played upon him, for the boat 
and barge were both riding quietly at their ropes. On his 
way back again, when within a few yards of his home, he 
observed a crowd of the little people congregated under the 
shelter of a boat that was lying high and dry on the beach. 
They were sitting in a semicircle, holding their hats towards 
one of their number, who was engaged in distributing a heap 
of money, pitching a gold piece into each hat in succession, 
after the manner in which cards are dealt Now John had 
a covetous heart ; and the sight of so much cash made him 
forget the respect due to an assembly of piskies, and that 
they are not slow to punish any intrusion on their privacy ; 
so he crept slyly towards them, hidden by the boat, and, 
reaching round, managed to introduce his hat without 

^ Choice Notti : Folk-Lore, p. 76. 



122 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

exciting any notice. When the heap was getting low, and 
Taprail was awaking to the dangers of detection, he craftily 
withdrew his hat and made off with the prize. He had 
got a fair start before the trick was discovered ; but the 
defrauded piskies were soon on his heels, and he barely 
managed to reach his house and to close the door upon his 
pursuers. So narrow indeed was his escape, that he had 
left the tails of his sea-coat in their hands. Such is the 
evidently imperfect version of an old legend, as it is remem- 
bered by the fishermen of the present generation. We may 
suppose that John Taprail's door had a key-hole ; and there 
would have been poetical justice in the story, if the elves 
had compelled the fraudulent fisherman to turn his hat or 
pocket inside out 



A FAIRY CAUGHT.i 

I HEARD last week of three fairies having been seen in 
Zennor very recently. A man who lived at the foot of 
Trendreen Hill, in the valley of Treridge, I think, was 
cutting furze on the hill. Near the middle of the day he 
saw one of the small people, not more than a foot long, 
stretched at full length and fast asleep, on a bank of 
griglans (heath), surrounded by high brakes of furze. The 
man took off his furze cuff, and slipped the little man into 
it, without his waking up ; went down to the house ; took 
the little fellow out of the cuff on the hearthstone, when he 
awakened, and seemed quite pleased and at home, beginning 
to play with the children, who were well pleased with the 
small body, and called him Bobby Griglans. 

The old people were very careful not to let Bob out of 
the house, or be seen by the neighbours, as he promised to 
show the man where the crocks of gold were buried on the 
hill. A few days after he was brought from the hill, all the 
neighbours came with their horses (according to custom) to 
bring home the winter's reek of furze, which had to be 
brought down the hill in trusses on the backs of the horses. 
That Bob might be safe and out of sight, he and the 
children were shut up in the barn. Whilst the furze-carriers 
were in to dinner, the prisoners contrived to get out, to have 
a " courant " round the furze-reek, when they saw a little 

' Robert Hunt, Popular Romances of the West of England, 2nd 
series, p. 265. 



X24 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

man and woman, not much larger than Bob, searching into 
every hole and corner among the trusses that were dropped 
round the unfinished reek. The little woman was wringing 
her hands and crying: "Oh, my dear and tender Skilly- 
widden, wherever canst ah (thou) be gone to ? Shall I ever 
cast eyes on thee again ? " " Go 'e back," says- Bob to the 
children ; " my father and mother are come here too." He 
then cried out : " Here I am, mammy ! " By the time the 
words were out of his mouth, the little man and woman, 
with their precious Skillywidden, were nowhere to be seen, 
and there has been no sight nor sign of them since. The 
children got a sound thrashing for letting Skillywidden 
escape. 



COLMAN GREY.i 

A FARMER, who formerly lived on an estate in our vicinity, 
was returning one evening from a distant part of the farm, 
when, in crossing a particular field, he saw, to his surprise, 
sitting on a stone in the middle of it, a miserable-looking 
little creature, human in appearance, though diminutive 
in size, and apparently starving with cold and hunger. 
Pitying its condition, and perhaps aware that it was of elfish 
origin, and that good luck would amply repay him for his 
kind treatment of it, he took it home, placed it by the warm 
hearth on a stool, and fed it with nice milL The poor 
bantling soon recovered from the lumpish and only half- 
sensible state in which it was found, and, though it never 
spoke, became very lively and playful. From the amuse- 
ment which its strange tricks excited, it became a general 
favourite in the family, and the good folk really felt very 
sorry when their strange guest quitted them, which he did 
in a very unceremonious manner. After the lapse of three 
or four days, as the little fellow was gamboling about the 
farm kitchen, a shrill voice from the town-place, or farm- 
yard, was heard to call three times: "Colman Grey!" at 
which he sprang up, and gaining voice, cried : " Ho ! ho ! 
ho ! my daddy is come," flew through the keyhole, and was 
never afterwards heard of. 

* Choice Notes : Folk-Lore, p. 73. 



THE KING OF THE CATS.i 

Many years ago, long before shooting in Scotland was a 
fashion as it is now, two young men spent the autumn in 
the very far north, living in a lodge far from other houses, 
with an old woman to cook for them. Her cat and their 
own dogs formed all the rest of the household. 

One afternoon the elder of the two young men said he 
would not go out, and the younger one went alone, to 
follow the path of the previous day's sport looking for 
missing birds, and intending to return home before the 
early sunset However, he did not do so, and the elder 
man became very uneasy as he watched and waited in vain 
till long after their usual supper-time. At last the young 
man returned, wet and exhausted, nor did he explain his 
unusual lateness until, after supper, they were seated by the 
fire with their pipes, the dogs lying at their feet, and the old 
woman's black cat sitting gravely with half-shut eyes on the 
hearth between them. Then the young man began as 
follows : — 

"You must be wondering what made me so late. I 
have had a curious adventure to-day. I hardly know what 
to say about it I went, as I told you I should, along our 
yesterday's route. A mountain fog came on just as I was 
about to turn homewards, and I completely lost my way. 
I wandered about for a long time, not knowing where I 
was, till at last I saw a light, and made for it, hoping to get 

^ Folk-Lore Journal, vol. ii. p. 22. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 127 

help. As I came near it, it disappeared, and I found myself 
close to a large old oak tree. I climbed into the branches 
the better to look for the light, and, behold ! it was beneath 
me, inside the hollow trunk of the tree. I seemed to be 
looking down into a church, where a funeral was in the act 
of taking place. I heard singing, and saw a coffin, sur- 
rounded by torches, all carried by But I know you 

won't believe me if I tell you ! " 

His friend eagerly begged him to go on, and laid down 
his pipe to listen. The dogs were sleeping quietly, but the 
cat was sitting up apparently listening as attentively as the 
man, and both young men involuntarily turned their eyes 
towards him. "Yes," proceeded the absentee, "it is per- 
fectly true. The coffin and the torches were both borne 
by cats, and upon the coffin were marked a crown and 
sceptre ! " He got no further ; the cat started up shrieking : 
" By Jove ! old Peter's dead ! and I'm the King o' the 
Cats 1 " rushed up the chimney and was seen no more. 



A MYTH OF MIDRIDGE; 

Or, a Story anent a witless Wight's Adventures with the 
Midridge Fairies in the Bishoprick of Durham ; now 
more than two Centuries ago.^ 

Talking about fairies the other day to a nearly octogenarian 
female neighbour, I asked, Had she ever seen one in her 
youthful days? Her answer was in the negative; "but," 
quoth she, "I've heard my grandmother tell a story, that 
Midridge (near Auckland) was a great place for fairies 
when she was a child, and for many long years after that." 
A rather lofty hill, only a short distance from the village, 
was their chief place of resort, and around it they used to 
dance, not by dozens, but by hundreds, when the gloaming 
began to show itself of the summer nights. Occasionally a 
villager used to visit the scene of their gambols in order to 
catch if it were but a passing glance of the tiny folks, 
dressed in their vestments of green, as delicate as the thread 
of the gossamer; for well knew the lass so favoured that 
ere the current year had disappeared she would have 
become the happy wife of the object of her only love ; and 
also, as well ken'd the lucky lad, that he too would get a 
weel tochered lassie, long afore his brow became wrinkled 
with age, or the snow-white blossoms had begun to bud 
forth upon his pate. Woe to those, however, who dared to 
come by twos or by threes, with inquisitive and curious eye, 
within the bounds of their domain ; for if caught, or only 
1 Choice Notes Folk-Lore, p. 131. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 129 

the eye of a fairy fell upon them, ill was sure to betide 
them through life. Still more awful, however, was the 
result if any were so rash as to address them, either in 
plain prose or rustic rhyme. The last instance of their 
being spoken to is thus still handed down by tradition : — 
'Twas on a beautifully clear evening in the month of 
August, when the last sheaf had crowned the last stack in 
their master's hagyard, and after calling the "harvest home," 
the daytale men and household servants were enjoying 
themselves over massive pewter quarts foaming over with 
strong beer, that the subject of the evening's conversation 
at last turned upon the fairies of the neighbouring hill, 
and each related his oft-told tale which he had learned by 
rote from the lips of some parish grandame. At last the 
senior of the mirthful party proposed to a youthful mate 
of his, who had dared to doubt even the existence of such 
creatures, that he durst not go to the hill, mounted on his 
master's best palfrey, and call aloud, at the full extent of 
his voice, the following rhymes : 

" Rise little Lads, 
Wi' your iron gads, 
And set the Lad o' Midridge hame." 

Tam o' Shanter-like, elated with the contents of the 
pewter vessels, he nothing either feared or doubted, and off 
went the lad to the fairy hill ; so, being arrived at the base, 
he was nothing loath to extend his voice to its utmost powers 
in giving utterance to the above invitatory verses. Scarcely 
had the last words escaped his lips ere he was nearly sur- 
rounded by many hundreds of the little folks, who are ever 
ready to revenge, with the infliction of the most dreadful 
punishment, every attempt at insult. The most robust of 
the fairies, who I take to have been Oberon, their king, 



I30 ENGLISH FOLK 

wielding an enormous javelin, thus, also in rhymes equally 
rough, rude, and rustic, addressed the witless wight : — 

" Sillie Willy, mount thy filly; 
And if it isn't weel corn'd and fed, 
I'll hae thee afore thou gets hame to thy Midridge bed." 

Well was it for Willy that his home was not far distant, 
and that part light was still remaining in the sky. Horrified 
beyond measure, he struck his spurs into the sides of his 
beast, who, equally alarmed, darted off as quick as lightning 
towards the mansion of its owner. Luckily it was one of 
those houses of olden time, which would admit of an 
equestrian and his horse within its portals without danger ; 
lucky, also, was it that at the moment they arrived the door 
was standing wide open : so, considering the house a safer 
sanctuary from the belligerous fairies than the stable, he 
galloped direct into the hall, to the no small amazement of 
all beholders, when the door was instantly closed upon his 
pursuing foes ! As soon as Willy was able to draw his 
breath, and had in part overcome the effects of his fear, he 
related to his comrades a full and particular account of his 
adventures with the fairies; but from that time forward, 
never more could any one, either for love or money, prevail 
upon Willy to give the fairies of the hill an invitation to 
take an evening walk with him as far as the village of 
Midridge ! 

To conclude, when the fairies had departed, and it was 
considered safe to unbar the door, to give egress to Willy 
and his filly, it was found, to the amazement of all beholders, 
that the identical iron javelin of the fairy king had pierced 
through the thick oaken door, which for service as well as 
safety was strongly plated with iron, where it still stuck, 
and actually required the strength of the stoutest fellow in 



AND FAIRY TALES. 131 

the company, with the aid of a smith's great fore-hammer, 
to drive it forth. This singular relic of fairyland was 
preserved for many generations, till passing eventually into 
the hands of one who cared for none of these things, it was 
lost, to the no small regret of all lovers of legendary lore ! 



THE GREEN CHILDREN.^ 

"Another wonderful thing," says Ralph of Coggeshall, 
" happened in Suffolk, at St Mary's of the Wolf-pits. A 
boy and his sister were found by the inhabitants of that 
place near the mouth of a pit which is there, who had the 
form of all their limbs like to those of other men, but they 
differed in the colour of their skin from all the people of 
our habitable world; for the whole surface of their skin 
was tinged of a green colour. No one could understand 
their speech. When they were brought as curiosities to the 
house of a certain knight, Sir Richard de Caine, at Wikes, 
they wept bitterly. Bread and other victuals were set before 
them, but they would touch none of them, though they were 
ormented by great hunger, as the girl afterwards acknow- 
ledged. At length, when some beans just cut, with their 
stalks, were brought into the house, they made signs, with 
great avidity, that they should be given to them. "When 
they were brought, they opened the stalks instead of the 
pods, thinking the beans were in the hollow of them ; but 
not finding them there, they began to weep anew. When 
those who were present saw this, they opened the pods, and 
showed them the naked beans. They fed on these with 
great delight, and for a long time tasted no other food. 
The boy however was always languid and depressed, and he 
died within a short time. The girl enjoyed continual good 

1 T. Keightley, TTit Fairy Mythology, p. 281. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES, 133 

health, and becoming accustomed to various kinds of food, 
lost completely that green colour, and gradually recovered 
the sanguine habit of her entire body. She was afterwards 
regenerated by the laver of holy baptism, and lived for 
many years in the service of that knight (as I have fre- 
quently heard from him and his family), and was rather 
loose and wanton in her conduct Being frequently asked 
about the people of her country, she asserted that the 
inhabitants, and all they had in that country, were of a green 
colour ; and that they saw no sun, but enjoyed a degree of 
light like what is after sunset Being asked how she came 
into this country with the aforesaid boy, she replied, that as 
they were following their flocks they came to a certain 
cavern, on entering which they heard a delightful sound of 
bells ; ravished by whose sweetness, they went for a long 
time wandering on through the cavern until they came to 
its mouth. When they came out of it, they were struck 
senseless by the excessive light of the sun, and the unusual 
temperature of the air ; and they thus lay for a long time. 
Being terrified by the noise of those who came on them, 
they wished to fly, but they could not find the entrance of 
the cavern before they were caught" 

This story is also told by William of Newbridge, who 
places it in the reign of King Stephea He says he long 
hesitated to believe it, but he was at length overcome by the 
weight of evidence. According to him, the place where the 
children appeared was about four or five miles from Bury St 
Edmund's. They came in harvest-time out of the Wolf-pits; 
they both lost their green hue, and were baptised, and 
learned English. The boy, who was the younger, died ; but 
the girl married a man at Lenna, and lived many years. 
They said their country was called St Martin's Land, as 

11 



134 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

that saint was chiefly worshipped there; that the people were 
Christians, and had churches; that the sun did not rise 
there, but that there was a bright country which could be 
seen from theirs, being divided from it by a very broad 
river. 



THE FAIRY BANQUET. ^ 

In the next chapter of his history, William of Newbridge 
relates as follows : — 

•' In the province of Deiri (Yorkshire), not far from 
my birthplace, a wonderful thing occurred, which I have 
known from my boyhood. There is a town a few miles 
distant from the Eastern Sea, near which are those cele- 
brated waters commonly called Gipse. ... A peasant 
of this town went once to see a friend who lived in the 
next town, and it was late at night when he was coming 
back, not very sober ; when lo ! from the adjoining barrow, 
which I have often seen, and which is not much over a 
quarter of a mile from the town, he heard the voices of 
people singing, and, as it were, joyfully feasting. He 
wondered who they could be that were breaking in that 
place, by their merriment, the silence of the dead night, 
and he wished to examine into the matter more closely. 
Seeing a door open in the side of the barrow, he went 
up to it, and looked in ; and there he beheld a large and 
luminous house, full of people, women as well as men, 
who were reclining as at a solemn banquet. One of the 
attendants, seeing him standing at the door, offered him 
a cup. He took it, but would not drink; and, pouring 
out the contents, kept the vessel. A great tumult arose 
at the banquet on account of his taking away the cup, 
and all the guests pursued him; but he escaped by the 

^ T. Keightley, Tkf Fairy Mythology, p. 283, quoting William of 
Newbridge. 



136 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES, 

fleetness of the beast he rode, and got into the town with 
his booty. Finally, this vessel of unknown material, of 
unusual colour, and of extraordinary form, was presented 
to Henry the Elder, king of the English, as a valuable 
gift, and was then given to the queen's brother David, 
king of the Scots, and was kept for several years in the 
treasury of Scotland ; and a few years ago (as I have heard 
from good authority), it was given by William, king of the 
Scots, to Henry the Second, who wished to see it." 



THE FAIRY HORN.i 

There is in the county of Gloucester a forest abounding 
in boars, stags, and every species of game that England 
produces. In a grovy lawn of this forest there is a little 
mount, rising in a point to the height of a man, on which 
knights and other hunters are used to ascend when fatigued 
with heat and thirst, to seek some reHef for their wants. 
The nature of the place, and of the business, is however 
such that whoever ascends the mount must leave his com- 
panions, and go quite alone. 

When alone, he was to say, as if speaking to some other 
person, •'! thirst," and immediately there would appear a 
cup-bearer in an elegant dress, with a cheerful countenance, 
bearing in his stretched-out hand a large horn, adorned with 
gold and gems, as was the custom among the most ancient 
English. In the cup nectar of an unknown but most 
delicious flavour was presented, and when it was drunk, 
all heat and weariness fled from the glowing body, so 
that one would be thought ready to undertake toil instead 
of having toiled. Moreover, when the nectar was taken, 
the servant presented a towel to the drinker, to wipe his 
mouth with, and then having performed his office, he 
waited neither for a recompense for his services, nor for 
questions and inquiry. 

This frequent and daily action had for a very long 

^ T. Keightley, The Fairy Mythology^ p. 284, quoting Gervase of 

Tilbury. 



138 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

period of old times taken place among the ancient people, 
till one day a knight of that city, when out hunting, went 
thither, and having called for a drink and gotten the horn, 
did not, as was the custom, and as in good manners he 
should have done, return it to the cup-bearer, but kept 
it for his own use. But the illustrious Earl of Gloucester, 
when he learned the truth of the matter, condemned the 
robber to death, and presented the horn to the most 
excellent King Henry the Elder, lest he should be thought 
to have approved of such wickedness, if he had added 
the rapine of another to the store of his private property. 



THE FAIRY FAIR.i 

Reading once the eighteenth of ^[r. Glanvil's relations, 
p. 203, concerning an Irishman that had Hke to have been 
carried away by spirits, and of the banquet they had spread 
before them in the fields, etc., it called to mind a passage 
I had often heard, of Fairies or spirits, so called by the 
country people, which showed themselves in great companies 
at divers times. At some times they would seem to dance, 
at other times to keep a great fair or market I made it 
my business to inquire amongst the neighbours what credit 
might be given to that which was reported of them, and 
by many of the neighbouring inhabitants I had this account 
confirmed. 

The place near which they most ordinarily showed 
themselves was on the side of a hill, named Black-down, 
between the parishes of Pittminster and Chestonford, not 
many miles from Tanton. Those that have had occasion 
to travel that way have frequently seen them there, appear- 
ing like men and women, of a stature generally near 
the smaller size of men. Their habits used to be of red, 
blue, or green, according to the old way of country garb, 
with high crowned hats. One time, about fifty years since, 
a person living at Comb St. Nicholas, a parish lying on 
one side of that hill, near Chard, was riding towards 

^ T, Kcightley, The Fairy Mythology^ p. 294, quoting Bovct's 
Pandemonium.. 



T40 ENGLISH FOLK 

his home that way, and saw, just before him, ou the side 
of the hill, a great company of people, that seemed to 
him like country folks assembled as at a fair. There 
were all sorts of commodities, to his appearance, as at 
our ordinary fairs: pewterers, shoemakers, pedlars, with 
all kind of trinkets, fruit, and drinking-booths. He could 
not remember anything which he had usually seen at 
fairs but what he saw there. It was once in his thoughts 
that it might be some fair for Chestonford, there being a 
considerable one at some time of the year ; but then again 
he considered that it was not the season for it. He was 
under very great surprise, and admired what the meaning of 
what he saw should be. At length it came into his mind 
what he had heard concerning the Fairies on the side of that 
hill, and it being near the road he was to take, he resolved 
to ride in amongst them, and see what they were. Accord- 
ingly he put on his horse that way, and though he saw them 
perfectly all along as he came, yet when he was upon the 
place where all this had appeared to him, he could discern 
nothing at all, only seemed to be crowded and thrust, as 
when one passes through a throng of people. All the rest 
became invisible to him until he came to a little distance, 
and then it appeared to him again as at first. He found 
himself in pain, and so hastened home; where, being 
arrived, lameness seized him all on one side, which continued 
on him as long as he lived, which was many years, for he 
was living in Comb, and gave an account to any that 
inquired of this accident for more than twenty years after- 
wards; and this relation I had from a person of known 
honour, who had it from the man himself. 

There were some whose names I have now forgot, but 
they then lived at a gentleman's house, named Comb Farm, 
near the place before specified. Both the man, his wife. 



AND FAIRY TALES, 141 

and divers of the neighbours assured me they had at many 
times seen this fair-keeping in the summer-time, as they 
came from Tanton market, but that they durst not adven- 
ture in amongst them, for that every one that had done so 
had received great damage by it. 



THE FAIRIES' CALDRON. i 

In the vestry of Frensham Church, in Surrey, on the north 
side of the chancel, is an extraordinary great kettle or 
caldron, which the inhabitants say, by tradition, was brought 
hither by the fairies, time out of mind, from Borough-hill 
about a mile hence. To this place, if any one went to 
borrow a yoke of oxen, money, etc., he might have it for a 
year or longer, so he kept his word to return it. There is 
a cave where some have fancied to hear music. In this 
Borough-hill is a great stone lying along of the length of 
about six feet They went to this stone and knocked at it, 
and declared what they would borrow, and when they would 
repay, and a voice would answer when they should come, 
and that they should find what they desired to borrow at 
that stone. This caldron, with the trivet, was borrowed 
here after the manner aforesaid, and not returned according 
to promise ; and though the caldron was afterwards carried 
to the stone, it could not be received, and ever since that 
time no borrowing there. 

^ T. Keightley, The Fairy Mythology^ p. 295, quoting Aubrey's 
Natural History of Surrey. 



THE CAULD LAD OF HILTON.^ 

Hilton Hall, in the vale of the Wear, was in former 
times the resort of a Brownie or House-spirit, called The 
Cauld Lad. Every night the servants who slept in the 
great hall heard him at work in the kitchen, knocking 
the things about if they had been set in order, arranging 
them if otherwise, which was more frequently the case. 
They were resolved to banish him if they could, and the 
spirit, who seemed to have an inkling of their design, was 
often heard singing in a melancholy tone : 

" Wae's me I wae's me I 
The acorn is not yet 
Fallen from the tree, 
That's to grow the wood, 
That's to make the cradle. 
That's to rock the bairn, 
That's to grow to a man, 
That's to lay me." 

The servants, however, resorted to the usual mode of 
^/anishing a Brownie : they left a green cloak and hood 
for him by the kitchen fire, and remained on the watch. 
They saw him come in, gaze at the new clothes, try them 
on, and, apparently in great delight, go jumping and 
frisking about the kitchen. But at the first crow of the 
cock he vanished, crying : 

^ T. Keighlley, The Fairy Mythology, p. 296, quoting M. A, 
Richardson, The Local Historian s Table-Book, 



144 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

" Here's a cloak, and here's a hood I 
The Cauld Lad of Hilton will do no more good ; " 

and he never again returned to the kitchen; yet it was 
said that he might still be heard at midnight singing those 
lines in a tone of melancholy. 

There was a room in the castle long called the Cauld 
Lad's Room, which was never occupied unless the castle 
was full of company, and within the last century many 
persons of credit had heard of the midnight wailing of 
the Cauld Lad, who some maintained was the spirit of a 
servant whom one of the barons of Hilton had killed 
unintentionally in a fit of passion. 



THE FAIRY THIEVES.^ 

A FARMER in Hampshire was sorely distressed by the 
unsettling of his barn. However straightly over-night he 
laid his sheaves on the threshing-floor for the application of 
the morning's flail, when morning came all was topsy-turvy, 
higgledy-piggledy, though the door remained locked, and 
there was no sign whatever of irregular entry. Resolved to 
find out who played him these mischievous pranks, Hodge 
couched himself one night deeply among the sheaves, and 
watched for the enemy. At length midnight arrived, the 
barn was illuminated as if by moonbeams of wonderful 
brightness, and through the key-hole came thousands of 
elves, the most diminutive that could be imagined. They 
immediately began their gambols among the straw, which 
was soon in a most admired disorder. Hodge wondered, 
but interfered not; but at last the supernatural thieves 
began to busy themselves in a way still less to his taste, for 
each elf set about conveying the crop away, a straw at a 
time, with astonishing activity and perseverance. The key- 
hole was still their port of egress and regress, and it 
resembled the aperture of a bee-hive on a sunny day in 
June. The farmer was rather annoyed at seeing his grain 
vanish in this fashion, when one of the fairies said to 

1 T. Keightley, The Fairy Mythology, p. 305, quoting the Literary 
Gazette for 1825. 



146 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

another in the tiniest voice that ever was heard : " / iveat, 
you weatV^ Hodge could contain himself no longer. lie 
leaped out crying, " The devil sweat ye. Let me get among 
ye ! " when they all flew away so frightened that they never 
disturbed the bam any more. 



THE BOGGART. 1 

In the house of an honest farmer in Yorkshire, named 
George Gilbertson, a Boggart had taken up his abode. 
He here caused a good deal of annoyance, especially by 
tormenting the children in various ways. Sometimes their 
bread and butter would be snatched away, or their por- 
ringers of bread and milk be capsized by an invisible 
hand ; for the Boggart never let himself be seen ; at other 
times the curtains of their beds would be shaken back- 
wards and forwards, or a heavy weight would press on 
and nearly suffocate them. The parents had often, on 
hearing their cries, to fly to their aid. There was a kind 
of closet, formed by a wooden partition on the kitchen 
stairs, and a large knot having been driven out of one 
of the deal-boards of which it was made, there remained 
a hole. Into this one day the farmer's youngest boy 
stuck the shoe-horn with which he was amusing himself, 
when immediately it was thrown out again, and struck the 
boy on the head. The agent was of course the Boggart, 
and it soon became their sport (which they called taking 
with Boggarf) to put the shoe-horn into the hole and 
have it shot back at them. 

The Boggart at length proved such a torment that the 
farmer and his wife resolved to quit the house and let him 
have it all to himself. This was put into execution, and 

^ T. Keightley, The Fairy Mytholosv^ p. 307, quoting the Literary 
Gazette for 1825. 



148 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

the farmer and his family were following the last loads 
of furniture, when a neighbour named John Marshall came 
up: "Well, Georgey," said he, "and soa you're leaving 
t'ould hoose at last ? " — " Heigh, Johnny, my lad, I'm 
forced tull it; for that villain Boggart torments us soa, 
we can neither rest neet nor day for't. It seems loike 
to have such a malice again t'poor bairns, it ommost kills 
my poor dame here at thoughts on't, and soa, ye see, we're 
forced to flitt loike." He scarce had uttered the words 
when a voice from a deep upright churn cried out : "Aye, 
aye, Georgey, we're flitting, ye see." — "Od hang thee," 
cried the poor farmer, "if I'd known thou'd been there, 
I wadn't ha' stirred a peg. Nay, nay, it's no use, Mally," 
turning to his wife, " we may as weel turn back again to 
t'ould hoose as be tormented in another that's not so 
convenient." 



AINSEL.1 

A WIDOW and her son, a little boy, lived together in a 
cottage in or near the village of Rothley, Northumberland. 
One winter's evening the child refused to go to bed with his 
mother, as he wished to sit up for a while longer, " for," 
said he, " I am not sleepy." The mother, finding remon- 
strance in vain, at last told him that if he sat up by himself 
the fairies would most certainly come and take him away. 
The boy laughed as his mother went to bed, leaving him 
sitting by the fire. He had not been there long, watching 
the fire and enjoying its cheerful warmth, till a beautiful 
little figure, about the size of a child's doll, descended the 
chimney and alighted on the hearth ! The little fellow was 
somewhat startled at first, but its prepossessing smile as it 
paced to and fro before him soon overcame his fears, and 
he inquired familiarly: "What do they ca' thou ?** "Ainsel," 
answered the little thing haughtily, at the same time retort- 
ing the question : " And what do they ca' thou f " " My 
ainsel," answered the boy; and they commenced playing 
together like two children newly acquainted. Their gambols 
continued quite innocently until the fire began to grow dim ; 
the boy then took up the poker to stir it, when a hot cinder 
accidentally fell upon the foot of his playmate. Her tiny 
voice was instantly raised to a most terrific roar, and the boy 
had scarcely time to crouch into the bed behind his mother, 

^ T. Keightley, The Fairy Mythology, p. 313, quoting M. A. 
Richardson, The Local Historian's Table-Book. 

12 



I50 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

before the voice of the old fairy-mother was heard shouting: 
"Who's done it? Who's done it?" "Oh! it was my 
ainsel ! " answered the daughter. " Why, then," said the 
mother, as she kicked her up the chimney, " what's all this 
noise for ; there's nyon (i.e.^ no one) to blame." 



LEGEND OF THE ROLLRIGHT STONES, i 

Not far from the borders of Gloucestershire and Oxford- 
shire, and within the latter county, is the pretty village of 
Rollright, and near the village, up a hill, stands a circle of 
small stones, and one larger stone, such as our Celtic anti- 
quaries say were raised by the Druids. As soon as the Druids 
left them, the fairies, who never failed to take possession of 
their deserted shrines, seemed to have had an especial care 
over these stones, and any one who ventures to meddle 
with them is sure to meet with some very great misfortune. 
The- old people of the village, however, who generally know 
most about these matters, say the stones were once a king 
and his knights, who were going to make war on the king 
of England ; and they assert that, according to old 
prophecies, had they ever reached Long Compton, the 
king of England must inevitably have been dethroned, and 
this king would have reigned in his place, but when they 
came to the village of Rollright they were suddenly turned 
into stones in the place where they now stand. Be this as 
it may, there was once a farmer in the village who wanted a 
large stone to put in a particular position in an outhouse he 
was building in his farmyard, and he thought that one of 
the old knights would be just the thing for him. In spite 
of all the warnings of his neighbours he determined to 
have the stone he wanted, and he put four horses to his 
best waggon and proceeded up the hill. With much labour 

1 Folk- Lore Record, vol. ii. p. 177. 



152 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

he succeeded in getting the stone into his waggon, and 
though the road lay down hill, it was so heavy that his 
waggon was broken and his horses were killed by the labour 
of drawing it home. Nothing daunted by all these mishaps, 
the farmer raised the stone to the place it was to occupy in 
his new building. From this moment everything went 
wrong with him, his crops failed year after year, his cattle 
died one after another, he was obliged to mortgage his land 
and to sell his waggons and horses, till at last he had left 
only one poor broken-down horse which nobody would buy, 
and one old crazy cart. Suddenly the thought came into 
his head that all his misfortunes might be owing to the 
identical stone which he had brought from the circle at the 
top of the hill. He thought he would try to get it back 
again, and his only horse was put to the cart. To his 
surprise he got the stone down and lifted it into the cart 
with very little trouble, and, as soon as it was in, the horse, 
which could scarcely bear along its own limbs, now drew it 
up the hill of its own accord with as little trouble as another 
horse would draw an empty cart on level ground, until it 
came to the very spot where the stone had formerly stood 
beside its companions. The stone was soon in its place, 
and the horse and cart returned home, and from that 
moment the farmer's affairs began to improve, till in a short 
time he was a richer and more substantial man than he had 
ever been befora 



GOBLINS. 



DANDO AND HIS DOGS.i 

In the neighbourhood of the lovely village of St. Germans 
formerly lived a priest connected with the old priory 
church of this parish, whose life does not appear to have 
been quite consistent with his vows. 

He lived the life of the traditional "jolly friar." He ate 
and drank of the best the land could give him, or money 
buy; and it is said that his indulgences extended far beyond 
the ordinary limits of good living. The priest Dando was, 
notwithstanding all his vices, a man liked by the people. 
He was good-natured, and therefore blind to many of their 
sins. Indeed, he threw a cloak over his own iniquities, 
which was inscribed "charity," and he freely forgave all 
those who came to his confessional. 

As a man increases in years he becomes more deeply 
dyed with the polluted waters through which he may have 
waded. It rarely happens that an old sinner is ever a 
repentant one, until the decay of nature has reduced him to 
a state of second childhood. As long as health allows him 
to enjoy the sensualities of life, he continues to gratify his 
passions, regardless of the cost. He becomes more selfish, 

^ Robert Hunt, Popular Eomanccs of the West of EnglaTid, ist 
series, p. 247. 



154 ENGLISH FOLK 

and his own gratification is the rule of his existence. So it 
has ever been, and so was it with Dando. 

The sinful priest was a capital huntsman, and scoured the 
country far and near in pursuit of game, which was in those 
days abundant and varied over this well-wooded district. 
Dando, in the eagerness of the chase, paid no regard to any 
kind of property. Many a corn-field has been trampled 
down, and many a cottage garden destroyed by the horses 
and dogs which this impetuous hunter would lead unthink- 
ingly over them. Curses deep, though not loud, would 
follow the old man, as even those who suffered by his 
excesses were still in fear of his priestly power. 

Any man may sell his soul to the devil without going 
through the stereotyped process of signing a deed with his 
blood. Give up your soul to Satan's darling sins, and he 
will help you for a season, until he has his claims carefully 
wound around you, when the links are suddenly closed, and 
he seizes his victim, who has no power to resist. 

Dando worshipped the sensual gods which he had 
created, and his external worship of the God of truth became 
every year more and more a hypocritical lie. The devil 
looked carefully after his prize. Of course to catch a 
dignitary of the church was a thing to cause rejoicings 
amongst the lost; and Dando was carefully lured to the 
undoing of his souL Health and wealth were secured to 
him, and by-and-by the measure of his sins was full, and he 
was left the victim to self-indulgences — a doomed man. 
With increasing years, and the immunities he enjoyed, 
Dando became more reckless. Wine and wassail, a board 
groaning with dishes which stimulated the sated appetite, 
and the company of both sexes of dissolute habits, 
exhausted his nights. His days were devoted to the pur- 
suits of the field ; and to maintain the required excitement, 



AND FAIRY TALES. 155 

ardent drinks were supplied him by his wicked companions. 
It mattered not to Dando — provided the day was an 
auspicious one, if the scent would lie on the ground — even 
on the Sabbath, horses and hounds were ordered out, and 
the priest would be seen in full cry. 

One Sabbath morning Dando and his riotous rout were 
hunting over the Earth estate ; game was plenty, and sport 
first-rate. Exhausted with a long and eager run, Dando 
called for drink. He had already exhausted the flasks of 
the attendant hunters. 

" Drink, I say ; give me drink," he cried. 

" Whence can we get it ? " asked one of the gang. 

" Go to hell for it, if you can't get it on Earth," said the 
priest, with a bitter laugh at his own joke on the Earth 
estate. 

At the moment, a dashing hunter, who had mingled with 
the throng unobserved, came forward, and presented a 
richly-mounted flask to Dando, saying: 

" Here is some choice liquor distilled in the establish- 
ment you speak of. It will warm and revive you, I'll 
warrant. Drink deep ; friend, drink." 

Dando drank deep; the flask appeared to cling to his 
lips. The stranger hunter looked on with a rejoicing yet 
malignant expression ; — a wicked smile playing over an 
otherwise tranquil face. 

By-and-by Dando fetched a deep sigh, and removed the 
flask, exclaiming : " That was a drink indeed. Do the gods 
drink such nectar?" 

" Devils do," said the hunter. 

" An they do, I wish I were one," said Dando, who now 
rocked to and fro in a state of thorough intoxication, 

" methinks the drink is very like " The impious 

expression died upon his lips. 



156 ENGLISH FOLK 

Looking round with a half-idiotic stare, Dando saw that 
his new friend had appropriated several head of game. 
Notwithstanding his stupid intoxication, his selfishness 
asserted its power, and he seized the game, exclaiming, in a 
guttural, half-smothered voice : " None of these are thine." 

"What I catch I keep," said the hunter. 

"They're mine," stammered Dando. 

The hunter quietly bowed. 

Dando's wrath burst at once into a burning flame, uncon- 
trolled by reason. He rolled himself off his horse, and 
rushed, staggering as he went, at the steed of his unknown 
friend, uttering most frightful oaths and curses. 

The strange hunter's horse was a splendid creature, black 
as night, and its eyes gleamed like the brightest stars, with 
unnatural lustre. The horse was turned adroitly aside, and 
Dando fell to the earth with much force. The fall appeared 
to add to his fury, and he roared with rage. Aided by his 
attendants, he was speedily on his legs, and again at the 
side of the hunter, who shook with laughter, shaking the 
game in derision, and quietly uttering : " They're mine." 

" I'll go to hell after them, but I'll get them from thee," 
shouted Dando. 

" So thou shalt," said the hunter ; and seizing Dando by 
the collar, he lifted him from the ground, and placed him, 
as though he were a child, before him on the horse. 

With a dash, the horse passed down the hill, its hoofs 
striking fire at every tread, and the dogs, barking furiously, 
followed impetuously. These strange riders reached the 
banks of the Lynher, and with a terrific leap, the horse and 
its riders, followed by the hounds, went out far in its 
waters, disappearing at length in a blaze of fire, which 
caused the stream to boil for a moment, and then the 
waters flowed on as tranquilly as ever over the doomed 



AND FAIRY TALES, 157 

priest. All this happened in the sight of the assembled 
peasantry. Dando never more was seen, and his fearful 
death was received as a warning by many, who gave gifts to 
the church. One amongst them carved a chair for the 
bishop, and on it he represented Dando and his dogs, that 
the memory of his wickedness might be always renewed. 
There, in St. Germans' church, stands to this day the chair, 
and all who doubt the truth of this tradition may view the 
story carved in enduring oak. If they please, they can sit 
in the chair until their faith is so var quickened that they 
become true believers. On Sunday mornings, early, the 
dogs of the priest have been often heard as if in eager 
pursuit of game. Cheney's hounds and the Wish hounds 
of Dartmoor are but other versions of the same legend. 



THE DEMON TREGEAGLE.^ 

" Thrice he b^an to tell his doleful tale, 
And thrice the sighs did swallow up his voice." 

Thomas Sackville. 

Who has not heard of the wild spirit Tregeagle? He 
haunts equally the moor, the rocky coasts, and the blown 
sand-hills of Cornwall. From north to south, from east to 
west, this doomed spirit is heard of, and to the day of 
judgment he is doomed to wander, pursued by avenging 
fiends. For ever endeavouring to perform some task by 
which he hopes to secure repose, and being for ever 
defeated. Who has not heard the howling of Tregeagle ? 
When the storms come with all their strength from the 
Atlantic, and urge themselves upon the rocks around the 
Land's End, the howls of the spirit are louder than the 
roaring of the winds. When calms rest upon the ocean, 
and the waves can scarcely form upon the resting waters, low 
wailings creep along the coast. These are the wailings of 
this wandering soul. When midnight is on the moor, or on 
the mountains, and the night winds whistle amidst the 
rugged cairns, the shrieks of Tregeagle are distinctly heard. 
We know then that he is pursued by the demon dogs, 
and that till daybreak he must fly with all speed before 
them. The voice of Tregeagle is everywhere, and yet he is 
unseen by human eye. Every reader will at once perceive 

^ Robert Hunt, Popular Rotnances of the West of England, 1st 
series, p. 133. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 159 

that Tregeagle belongs to the mythologies of the oldest 
nations, and that the traditions of this wandering spirit in 
Cornwall, which centre upon one tyrannical magistrate, are 
but the appropriation of stories which belong to every age 
and country. Tradition thus tells Tregeagle's tale. 

There are some men who appear to be from their births 
given over to the will of tormenting demons. Such a man 
was Tregeagle. He is as old as the hills, yet there are 
many circumstances in the story of his life which appear to 
remove him from this remote antiquity. Modern legends 
assert him to belong to comparatively modern times, and 
say that, without doubt, he was one of the Tregeagles who 
once owned Trevorder, near Bodmin. We have not, how- 
ever, much occasion to trouble ourselves with the man or 
his life ; it is with the death and the subsequent existence 
of a myth that we are concerned. 

Certain it is that the man Tregeagle was diabolically 
wicked. He seems to have been urged on from one crime 
to another until the cup of sin was overflowing. 

Tregeagle was wealthy beyond most men of his time, 
and his wealth purchased for him that immunity which 
the Church, in her degenerate days, too often accorded 
to those who could aid the priesthood with their gold 
or power. As a magistrate he was tyrannical and unjust, 
and many an innocent man was wantonly sacrificed 
by him for the purpose of hiding his own dark deeds. 
As a landlord he was rapacious and unscrupulous, and 
frequently so involved his tenents in his toils that 
they could not escape his grasp. The stain of secret 
murder clings to his memory, and he is said to have 
sacrificed a sister whose goodness stood between him 
and his demon passions; his wife and children perished 
victims to his cruelties. At length death drew near to 



i6o ENGLISH FOLK 

relieve the land of a monster whose name was a terror 
to all who heard it. Devils waited to secure the soul 
they had won, and Tregeagle in terror gave to the priest- 
hood wealth, that they might fight with them and save his 
soul from eternal fire. Desperate was the struggle, but 
the powerful exorcisms of the banded brotherhood of a 
neighbouring monastery drove back the evil ones, and 
Tregeagle slept with his fathers, safe in the custody of the 
churchmen who buried him with high honours in St Breock 
Church. They sang chants and read prayers above his 
grave, to secure the soul which they thought they had 
saved. But Tregeagle was not fated to rest. Satan 
desired still to gain possession of such a gigantic sinner, 
and we can only refer what ensued to the influence of 
the wicked spiritings of his ministers. 

A dispute arose between two wealthy families respecting 
the ownership of extensive lands around Bodmin. The 
question had been rendered more diflScult by the nefarious 
conduct of Tregeagle, who had acted as steward to one of 
the claimants, and who had destroyed ancient deeds, forged 
others, and indeed made it appear that he was the real 
proprietor of the domain. Large portions of the land 
Tregeagle had sold, and other parts were leased upon long 
terms, he having received all the money and appropriated 
it His death led to inquiries, and then the transactions 
were gradually brought to hght Involving, as this did, 
large sums of money — and indeed it was a question upon 
which turned the future well-doing or ruin of a family — 
it was fought by the lawyers with great pertinacity. The 
legal questions had been argued several times before the 
judges at the assizes. The trials had been deferred, new 
trials had been sought for and granted, and every possible 
plan known to the lawyers for postponing the settlement 



AND FAIRY TALES. i6i 

of a suit had been tried. A day was at length fixed, 
upon which a final decision must be come to, and a special 
jury was sworn to administer justice between the con- 
tending parties. Witnesses innumerable were examined as 
to the validity of a certain deed, and the balance of 
evidence was equally suspended. The judge was about 
to sum up the case and refer the question to the jury, 
when the defendant in the case, coming into court, 
proclaimed aloud that he had yet another witness to 
produce. There was a strange silence in the judgment- 
hall. It was felt that something chilling to the soul was 
amongst them, and there was a simultaneous throb of 
terror as Tregeagle was led into the witness-box. 

When the awe-struck assembly had recovered, the lawyers 
for the defendant commenced their examination, which 
was long and terrible. The result, however, was the dis- 
closure of an involved system of fraud, of which the 
honest defendant had been the victim, and the jury un- 
hesitatingly gave a verdict in his favour. 

The trial over, every one expected to see the spectre 
witness removed. There, however, he stood powerless to 
fly, although he evidently desired to do so. Spirits of 
darkness were waiting to bear him away, but some spell 
of holiness prevented them from touching him. There 
was a struggle with the good and the evil angels for this 
sinner's soul, and the assembled court appeared frozen 
with horror. At length the judge with dignity commanded 
the defendant to remove his witness. 

" To bring him from the grave has been to me so 
dreadful a task, that I leave him to your care, and that 
of the Prior's by whom he was so beloved." Having said 
this, the defendant left the court. 

The churchmen were called in, and long were the 



1 62 ENGLISH FOLK 

deliberations between them and the lawyers as to the 
best mode of disposing of Tregeagle. 

They could resign him to the devil at once, but by long 
trial the worst of crimes might be absolved, and as good 
churchmen they could not sacrifice a human soul. The 
only thing was to give the spirit some task, difficult beyond 
the power of human nature, which might be extended far 
into eternity. Time might thus gradually soften the 
obdurate soul, which still retained all the black dyes of the 
sins done in the flesh, that by infinitely slow degrees 
repentance might exert its softening power. The spell 
therefore put upon Tregeagle was, that as long as he was 
employed on some endless assigned task, there should be 
hope of salvation, and that he should be secure from the 
assaults of the devil as long as he laboured steadily. A 
moment's rest was fatal ; labour unresting, and for ever, was 
his doom. 

One of the lawyers remembering that Dosmery Pool was 
bottomless, and that a thorn bush which had been flung 
into it, but a few weeks before, had made its appearance 
in Falmouth harbour, proposed that Tregeagle might be 
employed to empty this profound lake. Then one of the 
churchmen, to make the task yet more enduring, proposed 
that it should be performed by the aid of a limpid shell 
having a hole in it 

This was agreed to, and the required incantations were 
duly made. Bound by mystical spells, Tregeagle was 
removed to the dark moors, and duly set to work. Year 
after year passed by, and there day and night, summer and 
winter, storm and shine, Tregeagle was bending over the 
dark water, working hard with his perforated shell ; yet the 
pool remained at the same level. 

His old enemy the devil kept a careful eye on the 



AND FAIRY TALES. 163 

doomed one, resolving, if possible, to secure so choice an 
example of evil. Often did he raise tempests sufficiently 
wild, as he supposed, to drive Tregeagle from his work, 
knowing that if he failed for a season to labour, he could 
seize and secure him. These were long tried in vain ; but 
at length an auspicious hour presented itself. 

Nature was at war with herself, the elements had lost 
their balance, and there was a terrific struggle to recover 
it Lightnings flashed, and coiled like fiery snakes around 
the rocks of Roughtor. Fire-balls fell on the desert moors 
and hissed in the accursed lake. Thunders pealed through 
the heavens, and echoed from hill to hill ; an earthquake 
shook the solid earth, and terror was on all living. The 
winds arose and raged with a fury which was irresistible, 
and hail beat so mercilessly on all things that it spread 
death around. Long did Tregeagle stand the "pelting of 
the pitiless storm," but at length he yielded to its force and 
fled. The demons in crowds were at his heels. He 
doubled, however, on his pursuers and returned to the 
lake; but so rapid were they that he could not rest the 
required moment to dip his shell in the now seething 
waters. 

Three times he fled round the lake, and the evil ones 
pursued him. Then, feeling that there was no safety for 
him near Dosmery Pool, he sprang swifter than the wind 
across it, shrieking with agony, and thus — since the devils 
cannot cross water, and were obliged to go round the lake 
— he gained on them and fled over the moor. 

Away, away went Tregeagle, faster and faster the dark 
spirits pursuing, and they had nearly overtaken him, when 
he saw Roach Rock and its chapel before him. He rushed 
up the rocks, with giant power clambered to the eastern 
window, and dashed his head through it, thus securing the 



164 ENGLISH FOLK 

shelter of its sanctity. The defeated demons retired, and 
long and loud were their wild wailings in the air. The 
inhabitants of the moors and of the neighbouring towns 
slept not a wink that night. 

Tregeagle was safe, his head was within the holy church, 
though his body was exposed on a bare rock to the storm. 
Earnest were the prayers of the blessed hermit in his cell 
on the rock, to be relieved from his nocturnal and sinful 
visitor. 

In vain were the recluse's prayers. Day after day, as he 
knelt at the altar, the ghastly head of the doomed sinner 
grinned horribly down upon him. Every holy ejaculation 
fell upon Tregeagle's ear like molten iron. He writhed and 
shrieked under the torture; but legions of devils filled 
the air, ready to seize him, if for a moment he withdrew his 
head from the sanctuary. Sabbath after Sabbath the little 
chapel on the rock was rendered a scene of sad confusion 
by the interruption which Tregeagle caused. Men trembled 
with fear at his agonising cries, and women swooned. At 
length the place was deserted, and even the saint of the 
rock was wasting to death by the constant perturbation in 
which he was kept by the unholy spirit, and the demons 
who, like carrion birds, swarmed around the holy cairn. 
Things could not go on thus. The monks of Bodmin 
and the priests from the neighbouring churches gathered 
together, and the result of their long and anxious delibera- 
tions was that Tregeagle, guarded by two saints, should 
be taken to the north coast, near Padstow, and employed 
in making trusses of sand, and ropes of sand with 
which to bind them. By powerful spell Tregeagle was 
removed from Roach, and fixed upon the sandy shores 
of the Padstow district Sinners are seldom permitted 
to enjoy, any peace of soul. As the ball of sand grew 



AND FAIRY TALES, 165 

into form, the tides rose, and the breakers spread out 
the sands again a level sheet ; again was it packed together 
and again washed away. Toil ! toil ! toil ! day and night 
unrestingly, sand on sand grew with each hour, and ruth- 
lessly the ball was swept, by one blow of a sea wave, along 
the shore. 

The cries of Tregeagle were dreadful; and as the destruc- 
tion of the sand heap was constantly recurring, a constantly 
increasing despair gained the mastery over hope, and the 
ravings of the baffled soul were louder than the roarings 
of the winter tempest. 

Baffled in making trusses of sand, Tregeagle seized 
upon the loose particles and began to spin them into a 
rope. Long and patiently did he pursue his task, and hope 
once more rose like a star out of the midnight darkness 
of despair. A rope was forming, when a storm came up 
with all its fury from the Atlantic, and swept the particles 
of sand away over the hills. 

The inhabitants of Padstow had seldom any rest At 
every tide the bowlings of Tregeagle banished sleep from 
each eye. But now so fearful were the sounds of the 
doomed soul, in the madness of the struggle between hope 
and despair, that the people fled the town, and clustered 
upon the neighbouring plains, praying, as with one voice, 
to be relieved from the sad presence of this monster. 

St. Petroc, moved by the tears and petitions of the 
people, resolved to remove the spirit ; and by the intense 
earnestness of his prayers, after long wrestling, he subdued 
Tregeagle to his will Having chained him with the bonds 
which the saint had forged with his own hands, every link 
of which had been welded with a prayer, St. Petroc led 
the spirit away from the north coast, and stealthily placed 
him on the southern shores. 

13 



1 66 ENGLISH FOLK 

In those days Ella's Town, now Helston, was a flourishing 
port. Ships sailed into the estuary, up to the town, and 
they brought all sorts of merchandise, and returned with 
cargoes of tin from the mines of Breage and Wendron. 

The wily monk placed his charge at Bareppa, and there 
condemned him to carry sacks of sand across the estuary of 
the Loo, and to empty them at Porthleven, until the beach 
was clean down to the rocks. The priest was a good 
observer. He knew that the sweep of the tide was from 
Trewavas Head round the coast towards the Lizard, and 
that the sand would be carried back steadily and speedily 
as fast as the spirit could remove it. 

Long did Tregeagle labour; and of course in vaia His 
struggles were giant-like to perform his task, but he saw the 
sands return as regularly as he removed them. The suffer- 
ings of the poor fishermen who inhabited the coast around 
Porthleven were great. As the bowlings of Tregeagle dis- 
turbed the dwellers in Padstow, so did they now distress 
those toil-worn men. 

" ^Tien sorrow is highest, 
Relief is nighest." 

And a mischievous demon- watcher, in pure wantonness, 
brought that relief to those fishers of the sea. 

Tregeagle was laden with a sack of sand of enormous 
size, and was wading across the mouth of the estuary, when 
one of those wicked devils, who were kept ever near 
Tregeagle, in very idleness tripped up the heavily-laden 
spirit. The sea was raging with the irritation of a passing 
storm; and as Tregeagle fell, the sack was seized by the 
waves, and its contents poured out across this arm of the 
sea. 

There, to this day, it rests a bar of sand, fatally 



AND FAIRY TALES. 167 

destroying the harbour of Ella's Town. The rage of the 
inhabitants of this seaport — now destroyed — was great; 
and, with all their priests, away they went to the Loo 
Bar, and assailed their destroyer. Against human anger 
Tregeagle was proof. The shock of tongues fell harm- 
lessly on his ear, and the assault of human weapons was 
unavailing. 

By the aid of the priests, and faith-inspired prayers, the 
bonds were once more placed upon Tregeagle ; and he was, 
by the force of bell, book, and candle, sent to the Land's 
End. There he would find no harbour to destroy, and but 
few people to terrify. His task was to sweep the sands 
from Porthcurnow Cove round the headland called Tol- 
Peden-Penwith, into Nanjisal Cove. Those who know that 
rugged headland, with its cubical masses of granite, piled in 
Titanic grandeur one upon another, will appreciate the 
task ; and when to all the difficulties are added the strong 
sweep of the Atlantic current — that portion of the Gulf 
stream which washes our southern shores — it will be 
evident that the melancholy spirit has indeed a task which 
must endure until the world shall end. 

Even until to-day is Tregeagle labouring at his task. In 
calms his wailing is heard ; and those sounds which some 
call the "soughing of the wind," are known to be the mean- 
ings of Tregeagle ; while the coming storms are predicated 
by the fearful roarings of this condemned mortal 



THE PARSON AND CLERIC^ 

Near Dawlish stand, out in the sea, two rocks, of red 
sandstone conglomerate, to which the above name is given. 

Seeing that this forms a part of Old Cornwall, I do not 
go beyond my limits in telling the true story of these 
singular rocks. 

The Bishop of Exeter was sick unto death at Dawlish. 
An ambitious priest, from the east, frequently rode with his 
clerk to make anxious inquiries after the condition of the 
dying bishop. It is whispered that this priest had great 
hopes of occupying the bishop's throne in Exeter Cathedral 

The clerk was usually the priest's guide; but somehow 
or other, on a particularly stormy night, he lost the road, 
and they were wandering over Haldon. Excessively angry 
was the priest, and very provoking was the clerk. He led 
his master this way and that way, but they were yet upon 
the elevated country of Haldon. 

At length the priest, in a great rage, exclaimed: " I would 
rather have the devil for a guide than you." Presently the 
clatter of horse's hoofs were heard, and a peasant on a moor 
pony rode up. The priest told of his condition, and the 
peasant volunteered to guide them. On rode peasant, 
priest, and clerk, and presently they were at Dawlish. The 
night was tempestuous, the ride had quickened the appetite 
of the priest, and he was wet through ; therefore, when his 

^ Robert Hunt, Popular Romances of the West of England^ ist 
series, p. 262. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 169 

friend asked him to supper, as they approached an old 
ruined house, through the windows of which bright lights 
were shining, there was no hesitation in accepting the 
invitation. 

There were a host of friends gathered together — a 
strange, wild-looking lot of men. But as the tables were 
laden with substantial dishes, and black-jacks were standing 
thick around, the parson, and the clerk too, soon made 
friends with all. 

They ate and drank, and became most irreligiously U]> 
roarious. The parson sang hunting songs, and songs in 
praise of a certain old gentleman, with whom a priest should 
not have maintained any acquaintance. These were very 
highly appreciated, and every man joined loudly in the 
choruses. Night wore away, and at last news was brought 
that the bishop was dead. This appeared to rouse up the 
parson, who was only too eager to get the first intelligence 
and go to work to secure the hope of his ambition. So 
master and man mounted their horses, and bade adieu to 
their hilarious friends. 

They were yet at the door of the mansion — somehow or 
other the horses did not appear disposed to move. They 
were whipped and spurred, but to no purpose. 

" The devil's in the horses," said the priest. 

" I b'lieve he is," said the clerk. 

"Devil or no devil, they shall go," said the parson, 
cutting his horse madly with his heavy whip. 

There was a roar of unearthly laughter. 

The priest looked round — his drinking friends were all 
turned into demons, wild with glee, and the peasant guide 
was an arch little devil, looking on with a marvellously 
curious twinkle in his eyes. The noise of waters was 
around them; and now the priest discovered that the 



lyo ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

mansion had disappeared, and that waves beat heavy upon 
his horse's flanks, and rushed over the smaller horse of his 
man. 

Repentance was too late. 

In the morning following this stormy night, two horses 
were found straying on the sands at Dawlish ; and clinging 
with the grasp of death to two rocks were found the parson 
and the clerk. There stand the rocks, to which the devil 
had given the forms of horses — an enduring monument to 
all generations. 



OUTWITTING THE BOGIE.i 

An elf once asserted a claim to a field hitherto possessed 
by a farmer, and after much disputing they came to an 
arrangement by agreeing to divide its produce between 
them. At seed-time the farmer asks the Bogie what part 
of the crop he will have, "tops or bottoms." "Bottoms," 
said the spirit : upon hearing which his crafty antagonist 
sows the field with wheat, so that when harvest arrived the 
corn falls to his share, while the poor Bogie is obliged to 
content himself with the stubble. Next year the Bogie, 
finding he had made such an unfortunate selection in the 
bottoms, chose the "tops"; whereupon the crafty farmer 
sets the field with turnips, thus again outwitting the 
simple claimant. Tired of this unprofitable farming, the 
Bogie agrees to hazard his claims on a mowing match, 
the land in question to be the stake for which they played. 
Before the day of meeting, the canny earth-tiller procures a 
number of iron bars, which he strews among the grass to be 
mown by his opponent; and when the trial commences, 
the unsuspecting goblin finds his progress retarded by his 
scythe continually coming into contact with these obstacles, 
which he takes to be some hard species of dock. " Mortal 
hard docks these!" said he; "'Nation hard docks!" His 
blunted blade soon brings him to a standstill; and as, in 
such cases, it is not allowable for one to sharpen without 

^ T. Sternberg, The Dialect and Folk- Lore of Norihamptonshirt-. 
p. 140. 



172 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

the other, he turns to his antagonist, now far ahead, and, 
in a tone of despair, inquires : " When d'ye wiffle-waffle 
{whet), mate?" "Waffle!" said the farmer, with a well- 
feigned stare of amazement, "oh, about noon, mebby." 
"Then," said the despairing Bogie, "I've lost my land ! " 
So saying, he disappeared, and the farmer reaped the 
reward of his artifice by ever afterwards continuing the 
undisputed possessor of the soil. 



THE HUNTED HARRi 

There is a place near our town called Heathfield, — a 
gloomy and solitary waste. Heathfield was then just such 
as evil spirits delight in ; where if people really see nothing, 
it is quite dreary and vast enough to fancy they see a 
great deal, which in these sort of cases is much the same 
thing. On Heathfield the devils dance; I do not know 
who is the piper, as we have here no Tam o' Shanter to 
tell us; but I suppose the company are not without 
musicians to give them a few hints in the "concord of 
sweet sounds." 

Now, as the old tale goes, there was, once upon a 
time — a mode of dating which all tellers of such tales 
as mine should never fail to employ, as it sets aside any 
small cavils that might arise from those awkward points 
in settling real facts that depend on chronology — there 
was, once upon a time, an old woman, and she made a 
slight mistake, I do not know how, and got up at mid- 
night, thinking it to be morning. This good woman 
mounted her horse, and set off, panniers, cloak, and all, 
on her way to market. Anon she heard a cry of hounds, 
and soon perceived a hare rapidly making towards her. 
The hare, however, took a turn and a leap, and got on 
the top of the hedge, as if it would say : " Come, catch 
me," to the old woman. She liked such hunting as this 

^ Mrs. Bray, Th* Bwtkrs of the Tatnar and the Tcevy, vol. iL 
p. 113. 



r 7 4 ENGLISH FOLK 

very well, put forth her hand, secured the game, popped 
it into the panniers, covered it over, and rode forward. 
She had not gone far, when great was her alarm on per- 
ceiving in the midst of the dismal and solitary waste of 
Heathfield, advancing at full pace, a headless horse, bearing 
a black and grim rider, with horns sprouting from under 
a little jockey cap ; and having a cloven foot thrust into 
one stirrup. He was surrounded by a pack of hounds, 
thus noticed by Mary Colling : 

" Of hounds on Heathfield seen to rise, 
With hornM heads and flaming eyes." 

They had, according to tradition, tails too, that whisked 
about and shone like fire, and the air itself had a strong 
sulphureous scent. These were signs not to be mistaken ; 
and the poor old woman knew in a moment that huntsman 
and hounds were taking a ride from the regions below. 
But it soon appeared that, however clever the devil might 
be, he was no conjurer ; for he very civilly asked the old 
lady if she could set him right, and point out which way 
the hare was flown? Probably she thought it no harm 
to return the father of lies an answer in his own coin, so 
she boldly gave him a negative ; and he rode on, nothing 
suspecting the cheat. When he was out of sight, she 
soon perceived the hare in the panniers begin to move, 
when to her utter amazement arose a beautiful young lady, 
all in white, who thus addressed her preserver: "Good 
dame, I admire your courage; and thank you for the 
kindness with which you have saved me from a state of 
suffering that must not be told to human ears. Do not 
start when I tell you that I am not an inhabitant of 
the earth. For a great crime committed during the time 
I dwelt upon it, I was doomed, as a punishment in the 



AND FAIRY TALES, 175 

other world, to be constantly pursued either above or 
below ground by evil spirits, until I could get behind 
their tails, whilst they passed on in search of me. This 
difficult object, by your means, I have now happily 
effected; and as a reward for your kindness I promise 
that all your hens shall lay two eggs instead of one, and 
that your cows shall yield the most plentiful store of milk 
all the year round ; that you shall talk twice as much as 
you ever did before, and your husband stand no chance 
in any matter between you to be settled by the tongue. 
But beware of the devil, and don't grumble about tithes ; 
for my enemy and yours may do you an ill turn when he 
finds out you were clever enough to cheat even him; 
since, like all great impostors, he does not like to be 
cheated himself. He can assume all shapes, excepting 
the lamb and the dove." 

The lady in white vanished, as all such white ladies 
ought to do ; the old market woman found the best possible 
luck that morning in her traffic ; and to this day the story 
goes in our town, that from the Saviour of the World 
having hallowed the form of the lamb, and the Holy Ghost 
that of the dove, they can never be assumed by the mortal 
enemy of the human race imder any circumstances. 



THE WELL OF ST. LUDGVAN.i 

St. Ludgvan, an Irish missionary, had finished his work. 
On the hill-top, looking over the most beautiful of bays, 
the church stood with all its blessings. Yet the* saint, 
knowing human nature, determined on associating with it 
some object of a miraculous character, which should draw 
people from all parts of the world to Ludgvan. The saint 
prayed over the dry earth, which was beneath him, as he 
knelt on the church stile. His prayer was for water, and 
presently a most beautiful crystal stream welled up from 
below. The holy man prayed on, and then, to try the 
virtues of the water, he washed his eyes. They were 
rendered at once more powerful, so penetrating, indeed, 
as to enable him to see microscopic objects. The saint 
prayed again, and then he drank of the water. He 
discovered that his powers of utterance were greatly im- 
proved, his tongue formed words with scarcely any effort of 
his will. The saint now prayed that all children baptised 
in the waters of this well might be protected against the 
hangman and his hempen cord ; and an angel from heaven 
came down into the water, and promised the saint that his 
prayers should be granted. Not long after this, a good 
farmer and his wife brought their babe to the saint, that it 
might derive all the blessings belonging to this holy well. 
The priest stood at the baptismal font, the parents, with 

^ Robert Hunt, Popular Romances of thi West of England, 2nd 
series, p. 39. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 177 

their friends around. The saint proceeded with the 
baptismal ceremonial, and at length the time arrived when 
he took the tender babe into his holy arms. He signed the 
sign of the cross over the child, and when he sprinkled 
water on the face of the infant its face glowed with a divine 
intelligence. The priest then proceeded with the prayer ; 
but, to the astonishment of all, whenever he used the name 
of Jesus, the child, who had received the miraculous power 
of speech from the water, pronounced distinctly the name 
of the devil, much to the consternation of all present. The 
saint knew that an evil spirit had taken possession of the 
child, and he endeavoured to cast him out ; but the devil 
proved stronger than the saint for some time. St. Ludgvan 
was not to be beaten ; he knew that the spirit was a restless 
soul, which had been exorcised from Treassow, and he 
exerted all his energies in prayer. At length the spirit 
became obedient, and left the child. He was now com- 
manded by the saint to take his flight to the Red Sea. He 
rose before the terrified spectators into a gigantic size, he 
then spat into the well ; he laid hold of the pinnacles of the 
tower, and shook the church until they thought it would 
fall. The saint was alone unmoved. He prayed on, until, 
like a flash of lightning, the demon vanished, shaking down 
a pinnacle in his flight. The demon, by spitting in the 
water, destroyed the spells of the water upon the eyes ^ and 
the tongue too; but it fortunately retains its virtue of prevent- 
ing any child baptised in it from being hanged with a cord of 
hemp. Upon a cord of silk it is stated to have no power. 

This well had nearly lost its reputation once — a Ludgvan 
woman was hanged, under the circumstances told in the 
following narrative : — 

^ It is curious that the faim over which some of this water flows is 
called "Collurian " to this day. 



178 ENGLISH FOLK 

A small farmer, living in one of the most western districts 
of the county, died some years back of what was supposed 
at that time to be " English cholera." A few weeks after 
his decease his wife married again. This circumstance 
excited some attention in the neighbourhood. It was 
remembered that the woman had lived on very bad terms 
with her late husband, that she had on many occasions 
exhibited strong symptoms of possessing a very vindictive 
temper, and that during the farmer's lifetime she had openly 
manifested rather more than a Platonic preference for 
the man whom she subsequently married. Suspicion was 
generally excited ; people began to doubt whether the first 
husband had died fairly. At length the proper order was 
applied for, and his body was disinterred. On examination, 
enough arsenic to have poisoned three men was found In the 
stomach. The wife was accused of murdering her husband, 
was tried, convicted on the clearest evidence, and hanged. 
Very shortly after she had suffered capital punishment 
horrible stories of a ghost were widely circulated. Certain 
people declared that they had seen a ghastly resemblance of 
the murderess, robed in her winding-sheet, with the black 
mark of the rope round her swollen neck, standing on 
stormy nights upon her husband's grave, and digging there 
with a spade, in hideous imitation of the actions of the men 
who had disinterred the corpse for medical examination. 
This was fearful enough ; nobody dared go near the place 
after nightfall. But soon another circumstance was talked 
of in connection with the poisoner, which affected the 
tranquillity of people's minds in the village where she had 
lived, and where it was believed she had been born, more 
seriously than even the ghost story itself The well of SL 
Ludgvan, celebrated among the peasantry of the district 
for its one remarkable property, that every child baptised 



AND FAIRY TALES. 179 

in its water (with which the church was duly supph'ed on 
christening occasions) was secure from ever being hanged 

No one doubted that all the babies fortunate enough to 
be born and baptised in the parish, though they might live 
to the age of Methuselah, and might during that period 
commit all the capital crimes recorded in the " Newgate 
Calendar," were still destined to keep quite clear of the 
summary jurisdiction of Jack Ketch. No one doubted this 
until the story of the apparition of the murderess began 
to be spread abroad, then awful misgivings arose in the 
popular mind. 

A woman who had been bom close by the magical well, 
and who had therefore in all probability been baptised in its 
water, like her neighbours of the parish, had nevertheless 
been publicly and unquestionably hanged. However, 
probability is not always the truth. Every parishioner 
determined that the baptismal register of the poisoner 
should be sought for, and that it should be thus officially 
ascertained whether she had been christened with the well 
water or not. After much trouble, the important document 
was discovered — not where it was first looked after, but in a 
neighbouring parish. A mistake had been made about the 
woman's birthplace; she had not been baptised in St. 
Ludgvan church, and had therefore not been protected by 
the marvellous virtue of the local water. Unutterable was 
the joy and triumph of this discovery. The wonderful 
character of the parish well was wonderfully vindicated; 
its celebrity immediately spread wider than ever. The 
peasantry of the neighbouring districts began to send for 
the renowned water before christenings ; and many of them 
actually continue, to this day, to bring it corked up in 
bottles to their churches, and to beg particularly that it may 
be used whenever they present their children to be baptised. 



THE HEDLEY KOW.* 

The Hedley Kow was a bogie, mischievous rather than 
malignant, which haunted the village of Hedley, near 
Ebchester. His appearance was never very alarming, and 
he used to end his frolics with a horse-laugh at the expense 
of his victims. He would present himself to some old 
dame gathering sticks, in the form of a truss of straw, which 
she would be sure to take up and carry away. Then it 
would become so heavy she would have to lay her burden 
down, on which the straw would become "quick," rise 
upright, and shuffle away before her, till at last it vanished 
from her sight with a laugh and shout. Again, in the shape 
of a favourite cow, the sprite would lead the milkmaid a 
long chase round the field, and after kicking and routing 
during milking-time would upset the pail, slip clear of the 
tie, and vanish with a loud laugh. Indeed the "Kow" 
must have been a great nuisance in a farmhouse, for it is 
said to have constantly imitated the voice of the servant- 
girl's lovers, overturned the kail-pot, given the cream to the 
cats, unravelled the knitting, or put the spinning-wheel out 
of order. But the sprite made himself most obnoxious at 
the birth of a child. He would torment the man who rode 
for the howdie, frightening the horse, and often making him 
upset both messenger and howdie, and leave them in the 
road. Then he would mock the gudewife, and, when her 

^ William Henderson, Notes on the Folk-Lore of the Northern 
Countiei of England and th^ Borders, p. 270. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. i8i 

angry husband rushed out with a stick to drive away the 
" Kow " from the door or window, the stick would be 
snatched from him, and lustily applied to his own 
shoulders. 

Two adventures with the Hedley Kow are thus related. 
A farmer named Forster, who lived near Hedley, went out 
into the field one morning, and caught, as he believed, his 
own grey horse. After putting the harness on, and yoking 
him to the cart, Forster was about to drive off, when the 
creature slipped away from the limmers "like a knotless 
thread," and set up a great nicker as he flung up his heels 
and scoured away, revealing himself clearly as the Hedley 
Kow. Again, two young men of Newlands, near Ebchester, 
went out one evening to meet their sweethearts ; and arriv- 
ing at the trysting-place, saw them, as it appeared, a short 
distance before them. The girls walked on for two or three 
miles; the lads followed, quite unable to overtake them, 
till at last they found themselves up to the knees in a bog, 
and their beguilers vanished, with a loud Ha ! ha ! The 
young men got clear of the mire and ran homewards, as 
fast as they could, the bogie at their heels hooting and 
mocking them. In crossing the Derwent they fell into the 
water, mistook each other for the sprite, and finally reached 
home separately, each telling a fearful tale of having been 
chased by the Hedley Kow, and nearly drowned in the 
Derwent 

Surely this Northern sprite is closely akin to Robin Good- 
fellow, whom Ben Jonson introduced to us as speaking 
thus : 

" Sometimes I meete them like a man, 

Sometimes an ox, sometimes a hound, 

And to a horse I turn me can, 

To trip and trot about them round. 

14 



i82 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

But if to ride 

My backe they stride, 
More swift than wind away I go : 

O'er the hedge and lands, 

Through pools and ponds, 
I whirr>' laughing, Ho I ho ! ho ! " 



WITCHCRAFT. 



THE LORD OF PENGERSWICK.1 



THE LORD OF PENGERSWICK AN ENCHANTER. 

The Lord of Pengerswick came from some Eastern clime, 
bringing with him a foreign lady of great beauty. She was 
considered by all an " outlandish " woman ; and by many 
declared to be a " Saracen." No one, beyond the selected 
servants, was ever allowed within the walls of Pengerswick 
Castle ; and they, it was said, were bound by magic spells. 
No one dared tell of anything transacted within the walls ; 
consequently all was conjecture amongst the neighbouring 
peasantry, miners, and fishermen. Certain it was, they said, 
that Pengerswick would shut himself up for days together 
in his chamber, burning strange things, which sent their 
strong odours, — not only to every part of the castle, — but 
for miles around the country. Often at night, and especially 
in stormy weather, Pengerswick was heard for hours together 
calling up the spirits, by reading from his books in some 
unknown tongue. On those occasions his voice would roll 
through the halls louder than the surging waves which beat 
against the neighbouring rocks, the spirits replying like the 
roar of thunder. Then would all the servants rush in fright 

^ Robert Hunt, Popular Romances of the West of England, 2nd 
series, p. 86. 



i84 ENGLISH FOLK 

from the building, and remain crowded together, even in 
the most tempestuous night, in one of the open courts. 
Fearful indeed would be the strife between the man and the 
demons ; and it sometimes happened that the spirits were 
too powerful for the enchanter. He was, however, con- 
stantly and carefully watched by his wife; and whenever 
the strife became too serious, her harp was heard making 
the softest, the sweetest music. At this the spirits fled; 
and they were heard passing through the air towards the 
Land's End, moaning like the soughing of a departing 
storm. The lights would then be extinguished in the 
enchanter's tower, and all would be peace. The servants 
would return to their apartments with a feeling of perfect 
confidence. They feared their master, but their mistress 
inspired them with love. Lady Pengerswick was never seen 
beyond the grounds surrounding the castle. She sat all day 
in lonely state and pride in her tower, the lattice-window of 
her apartment being high on the seaward side. Her voice, 
accompanying the music of her harp, was rarely heard, but 
when she warbled the soft love strains of her Eastern land. 
Often at early dawn the very fishes of the neighbouring bay 
would raise their heads above the surface of the waters, 
enchanted by the music and the voice ; and it is said that 
the mermaids from the Lizard, and many of the strange 
spirits of the waters, would come near to Pengerswick cove, 
drawn by the same influence. On moonlight nights the air 
has often seemed to be full of sound, and yet the lady's voice 
was seldom louder than that of a warbling bird. On these 
occasions men have seen thousands of spirits gliding up and 
down the moonbeams, and floating idly on the silvered 
waves, listening to, and sometimes softly echoing, the words 
which Lady Pengerswick sang. Long did this strange 
pair inhabit this lonely castle ; and although the Lord of 



AND FAIRY TALES. 185 

Pcngerswick frequently rode abroad on a most magnificent 
horse — which had the reputation of being of Satanic origin, 
it was at once so docile to its master and so wild to any 
other person — yet he made no acquaintance with any of 
the neighbouring gentry. He was feared by all, and yet 
they respected him for many of the good deeds performed 
by him. He completely enthralled the Giants of the 
Mount; and before he disappeared from Cornwall, they 
died, owing, it was said, to grief and want of food. 

Where the Lord of Pengerswick came from, no one knew; 
he, with his lady, with two attendants, who never spoke in 
any but an Eastern tongue, which was understood by none 
around them, made their appearance one winter's day, 
mounted on beautiful horses, evidently from Arabia or some 
distant land. 

They soon — having gold in abundance — got possession 
of a cottage ; and in a marvellously short time the castle, 
which yet bears his name, was rebuilt by this lord. Many 
affirm that the lord by the force of his enchantments, and 
the lady by the spell of her voice, compelled the spirits of 
the earth and air to work for them ; and that three nights 
were sufficient to rear an enormous pile, of which but one 
tower now remains. 

Their coming was sudden and mysterious ; their going 
was still more so. Years had rolled on, and the people 
around were familiarised with those strange neighbours, 
from whom also they derived large profits, since they paid 
whatsoever price was demanded for any article which they 
required. One day a stranger was seen in Market-Jew, 
whose face was bronzed by long exposure to an Eastern sun. 
No one knew him ; and he eluded the anxious inquiries 
of the numerous gossips, who were especially anxious 
to learn something of this man, who, it was surmised by 



i86 ENGLISH FOLK 

every one, must have some connection with Pengerswick or 
his lady ; yet no one could assign any reason for such a 
supposition. Week after week passed away, and the 
stranger remained in the town, giving no sign. Wonder 
was on every old woman's lips, and expressed in every old 
man's eyes ; but they had to wonder on. One thing, it was 
said, had been noticed; and this seemed to confirm the 
suspicions of the people. The stranger wandered out on 
dark nights — spent them, it was thought, on the sea-shore ; 
and some fishermen said they had seen him seated on the 
rock at the entrance of the valley of Pengerswick. It was 
thought that the lord kept more at home than usual, and of 
late no one had heard his incantation songs and sounds; 
neither had they heard the harp of the lady. A very 
tempestuous night, singular for its gloom — when even the 
ordinary light, which, on the darkest night, is evident to the 
traveller in the open country, did not exist — appears to have 
brought things to their climax. There was a sudden alarm 
in Market- Jew, a red glare in the eastern sky, and presently 
a burst of flames above the hill, and St. Michael's Mount 
was illuminated in a remarkable manner. Pengerswick 
Castle was on fire ; the servants fled in terror ; but neither 
the lord nor his lady could be found. From that day to the 
present they were lost to alL 

The interior of the castle was entirely destroyed ; not a 
vestige of furniture, books, or anything belonging to the 
" Enchanter " could be found. He and everything belong- 
ing to him had vanished; and, strange to tell, from that 
night the bronzed stranger was never again seea The 
inhabitants of Market-Jew naturally crowded to the fire; 
and when all was over they returned to their homes, 
speculating on the strange occurrences of the night. Two 
of the oldest people always declared that, when the flames 



AND FAIRY TALES. 187 

were at the highest, they saw two men and a lady floating 
in the midst of the fire, and that they ascended from amidst 
the falling walls, passed through the air like lightning, and 
disappeared. 

11. 

THE WITCH OF FRADDAM AND THE ENCHANTER OF 
PENGERSWICK. 

Again and again had the Lord of Pengerswick reversed the 
spells of the Witch of Fraddam, who was reported to be 
the most powerful weird woman in the west country. She 
had been thwarted so many times by this *' white witch " 
that she resolved to destroy him by some magic more 
potent than anything yet heard of. It is said that she 
betook herself to Kynance Cove, and that there she raised 
the devil by her incantations, and that she pledged her soul 
to him in return for the aid he promised. The enchanter's 
famous mare was to be seduced to drink from a tub of 
poisoned water placed by the roadside, the effect of which 
was to render him in the highest degree restive, and cause 
him to fling his rider. The wounded Lord of Pengerswick 
was, in his agony, to be drenched by the old witch with 
some hell-broth, brewed in the blackest night, under the 
most evil aspects of the stars ; by this he would be in her 
power for ever, and she might torment him as she pleased. 
The devil felt certain of securing the soul of the Witch of 
Fraddam, but he was less certain of securing that of the 
enchanter. They say indeed that the sorcery which 
Pengerswick learned in the East was so potent that the 
devil feared him. However, as the proverb is, he held with 
the hounds and ran with the hare. The witch collected 
with the utmost care all the deadly things she could obtain, 
with which to brew her famous drink. In the darkest 



1 88 ENGLISH FOLK 

night, in the midst of the wildest storms, amidst the flash- 
ings of lightnings and the bellowings of the thunder, the 
witch was seen riding on her black ram-cat over the moors 
and mountains in search of her poisons. At length all was 
complete — the horse drink was boiled, the hell-broth was 
brewed. It was in March, about the time of the equinox; 
the night was dark, and the King of Storms was abroad. 
The witch planted her tub of drink in a dark lane, through 
which she knew the Lord of Pengerswick must pass, and 
near to it she sat, croning over her crock of broth. The 
witch-woman had not long to waitj amidst the hmrying 
winds was heard the heavy tramp of the enchanter's mare, 
and soon she perceived the outline of man and horse 
defined sharply against the line of lurid light which 
stretched along the western horizon. On they came ; the 
witch was scarcely able to contain herself — her joys and her 
fears, struggling one with the other, almost overpowered 
her. On came the horse and his rider: they neared the 
tub of drink ; the mare snorted loudly, and her eyes flashed 
fire as she looked at the black tub by the roadside. 
Pengerswick bent him over the horse's neck and whispered 
into her ear ; she turns round, and, flinging out her heels, 
with one kick she scattered all to the wild winds. The tub 
flew before the blow ; it rushed against the crock, which it 
overturned, and striking against the legs of the old Witch 
of Fraddam, she fell along with the tub, which assumed 
the shape of a coffin. Her terror was extreme: she who 
thought to have unhorsed the conjurer, found herself in a 
carriage for which she did not bargain. The enchanter 
raised his voice and gave utterance to some wild words in 
an unknown tongue, at which even his terrible mare 
trembled. A whirlwind arose, and the devil was in the 
midst of it He took the coffin in which lay the terrified 



AND FAIRY TALES. 189 

witch high into the air, and the crock followed them. The 
derisive laughter of Pengerswick, and the savage neighing 
of the horse, were heard above the roar of the winds. At 
length, with a satisfied tone, he exclaimed : " She is settled 
till the day of doom," gave the mare the spurs, and rode 
rapidly home. 

The Witch of Fraddam still floats up and down, over the 
seas, around the coast, in her coffin, followed by the crock, 
which seems like a punt in attendance on a jolly-boat. She 
still works mischief, stirring up the sea with her ladle and 
broom till the waves swell into mountains, which heave off 
from their crests so much mist and foam that these wild 
wanderers of the winds can scarcely be seen through the 
mist. Woe to the mariner who sees the witch ! 

The Lord of Pengerswick alone had power over her. He 
had but to stand on his tower, and blow three blasts on his 
trumpet, to summon her to the shore, and compel her to 
peace. 



THE WITCH AND THE TOAD.i 

An old woman called Alsey — usually Aunt Alsey — occupied 
a small cottage in Anthony, one of a row which belonged 
to a tradesman living in Dock — as Devonport was then 
designated, to distinguish it from Plymouth. The old 
woman possessed a very violent temper, and this, more 
than anything else, fixed upon her the character of being a 
witch. Her landlord had frequently sought his rent, and as 
frequently he received nothing but abuse. He had, on the 
special occasion to which our narrative refers, crossed the 
Tamar and walked to Anthony, with the firm resolve of 
securing his rent, now long in arrear, and of turning the 
old termagant out of the cottage. A violent scene 
ensued, and the vicious old woman, more than a match for 
a really kind-hearted and quiet man, remained the mistress 
of the situation. She seated herself in the door of her 
cottage and cursed her landlord's wife, " the child she was 
carrying," and all belonging to him, with so devilish a spite 

that Mr. owned he was fairly driven away in terror. 

On returning home, he, of course, told his wife all the 
circumstances ; and while they were discoursing on the 
subject — the whole story being attentively listened to by 
their daughter, then a young girl, who is my informant — a 
woman came into the shop requiring some articles which 
they sold. 

^ Robert Hunt, Popular Romances of the West of England^ 2nd 
series, p. 105. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES, igi 

" Sit still, father," said Mrs. to her husband ; " you 

must be tired. I will see to the shop." 

So she went from the parlour into the shop, and, hearing 
the wants of her customer, proceeded to supply them ; 
gossiping gaily, as was her wont, to interest the buyer. 

Mrs. was weighing one of the articles required, 

when something falling heavily from the ceiling of the shop, 
struck the beam out of her hand, and both — the falling 
body and the scales — came together with much noise on to 
the counter. At the same instant both women screamed ; 
— the shopkeeper calling also: " Father ! father ! " — meaning 
her husband thereby — with great energy. 

Mr. and his daughter were in the shop instantly, 

and there, on the counter, they saw an enormous and most 
ugly toad sprawling amidst the chains of the scales. The 
first action of the man was to run back to the parlour, seize 
the tongs, and return to the shop. He grasped the swollen 
toad with the tongs, the vicious creature spitting all the 
time, and, without a word, he went back and flung it 
behind the block of wood which was burning in the grate. 
The object of terror being removed, the wife, who was 
shortly to become the mother of another child, though 
usually a woman who had great command over her feelings, 
fainted. 

This circumstance demanding all their attention, the toad 
was forgotten. The shock was a severe one ; and although 

Mrs. was restored in a little time to her senses, she 

again and again became faint. Those fits continuing, her 

medical attendant, Dr. , was sent for, and on his arrival 

he ordered that his patient should be immediately placed in 
bed, and the husband was informed that he must be 
prepared for a premature birth. 

The anxiety occasioned by these circumstances, and the 



xga ENGLISH FOLK 

desire to afford every relief to his wife, so fully occupied 

Mr. , that for an hour or two he entirely forgot the 

cause of all this mischief; or, perhaps satisfying himself 
that the toad was burnt to ashes, he had no curiosity to 
look after it. He was, however, suddenly summoned from 
the bedroom, in which he was with his wife, by his daughter 
calling to him, in a voice of terror : 

" O father, the toad, the toad ! " 

Mr. rushed downstairs, and he then discovered that 

the toad, though severely burnt, had escaped destruction. 

It must have crawled up over the log of wood, and from 
it have fallen down amongst the ashes. There it was now 
making useless struggles to escape, by climbing over the 
fender. 

The tongs were again put in requisition, with the inten- 
tion this time of carrying the reptile out of the house. 
Before, however, he had time to do so, a man from 
Anthony came hastily into the shop with the information 
that Aunt Alsey had fallen into the fire, as the people sup- 
posed, in a fit, and that she was nearly burnt to death. This 
man had been sent off with two commissions — one to fetch 

the doctor, and the other to bring Mr. with him, as 

much of the cottage had been injured by fire, communi- 
cated to it by the old woman's dress. 

In as short a time as possible the parish surgeon and Mr. 

were at Anthony, and too truly they found the old 

woman most severely burnt — so seriously indeed there was 
no chance that one so aged could rally from the shock 
which her system must have received. However, a litter 
was carefully prepared, the old woman was placed in it, and 
carried to the workhouse. Every attention was given to her 
situation, but she never recovered perfect consciousness 
and during the night she died. 



AND FAIR Y TALES. 193 

The toad, which we left inside the fender in front of a 
blazing fire, was removed from a position so trying to any 
cold-blooded animal, by the servant, and thrown, with a 
" hugh " and a shudder, upon one of the flower-beds in the 
small garden behind the house. 

There it lay the next morning dead, and when examined 

by Mr. , it was found that all the injuries sustained by 

the toad corresponded with those received by the poor old 
wretch, who had no doubt fallen a victim to passion. 

As we have only to deal with the mysterious relation 
which existed between the witch and the toad, it is not 
necessary that we should attend further to the innocent 
victim of an old woman's vengeance, than to say that 
eventually a babe was born — that that babe grew to be a 
handsome man, was an officer in the navy, and having 
married, went to sea, and perished, leaving a widow with an 
unborn child to lament his loss. Whether this was a result 
of the witch's curse, those who are more deeply skilled in 
witchcraft than I am may perhapf? telL 



WITCH AND HARE.1 

An old witch, in days of yore, lived in this neighbourhood j 
and whenever she wanted money she would assume the 
shape of a hare, and would send out her grandson to tell a 
certain huntsman who lived hard by that he had seen a 
hare sitting at such a particular spot, for which he always 
received the reward of sixpence. After this deception had 
many times been practised, the dogs turned out, the hare 
pursued, often seen but never caught, a sportsman of the 
party began to suspect, in the language of the tradition, 
" that the devil was in the dance," and there would be no 
end to it. The matter was discussed, a justice consulted, 
and a clergyman to boot ; and it was thought that, however 
clever the devil might be, law and church combined would 
be more than a match for him. It was therefore agreed 
that, as the boy was singularly regular in the hour at which 
he came to announce the sight of the hare, all should be in 
readiness for a start the instant such information was given : 
and a neighbour of the witch, nothing friendly to her, 
promised to let the parties know directly the old woman 
and her grandson left the cottage and went off together ; 
the one to be hunted, and the other to set on the hunt. The 
news cartie, the hounds were unkennelled, and huntsmen 
and sportsmen set off with surprising speed. The witch, 
now a hare, and her little colleague in iniquity, did not 
expect so very speedy a turn out ; so that the game was 

^ Mrs. Bray, The Borders of the Tamar and the Tavy, vol. ii. p. II2. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 195 

pursued at a desperate rate, and the boy, forgetting himself 
in a moment of alarm, was heard to exclaim: " Run, Granny, 
run ; run for your life ! " At last the pursuers lost the hare, 
and she once more got safe into the cottage by a little hole 
in the door ; not large enough to admit a hound in chase. 
The huntsman and all the squires with their train lent a 
hand to break open the door, yet could not do it till the 
parson and the justice came up ; but as law and church 
were certainly designed to break through iniquity, even so 
did they now succeed in bursting the magic bonds that 
opposed them. Upstairs they all went. There they found 
the old hag bleeding, and covered with wounds, and still 
out of breath. She denied she was a hare, and railed at the 
whole party. " Call up the hounds," said the huntsman, 
"and let us see what they take her to be; maybe we may 
yet have another hunt." 

On hearing this the old woman cried quarter. The boy 
dropped on his knees, and begged hard for mercy, which 
was granted on condition of its being received together with 
a good whipping ; and the huntsman, having long practised 
amongst the hounds, now tried his hand on other game. 
Thus the old woman escaped a worse fate for the time 
present; but on being afterwards put on her trial for 
bewitching a young woman and making her spit pins, the 
tale just told was given as evidence against her, before a 
particularly learned judge, and a remarkably sagacious jury, 
and the old woman finished her days, like a martyr, at the 
stake. 



THE HAND OF GLORY.i 

One evening, between the years 1790 and i8co, a 
traveller, dressed in woman's clothes, arrived at the Old 
Spital Inn, the place where the mail coach changed horses, 
in High Spital, on Bowes Moor. The traveller begged to 
stay all night, but had to go away so early in the morning 
that if a mouthful of food were set ready for breakfast there 
was no need the family should be disturbed by her depar- 
ture. The people of the house, however, arranged that a 
servant maid should sit up till the stranger was out of the 
premises, and then went to bed themselves. The girl lay 
down for a nap on the longsettle by the fire, but before 
she shut her eyes she took a good look at the traveller, who 
was sitting on the opposite side of the hearth, and espied a 
pair of man's trousers peeping out from under the gown. 
All inclination for sleep was now gone ; however, with great 
self-command, she feigned it, closed her eyes, and even 
began to snore. On this the traveller got up, pulled out of 
his pocket a dead man's hand, fitted a candle to it, lighted 
the candle, and passed hand and candle several times 
before the servant girl's face, saying as he did so : " Let 
those who are asleep be asleep, and let those who are 
awake be awake." This done, he placed the light on the 
table, opened the outer door, went down two or three of 
the steps which led from the house to the road, and began 

* William Henderson, Notes on the Folk- Lore of the Northern 
Counties of England and the Borders, p. 241. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 197 

to whistle for his companions. The girl (who had hitherto 
had presence of mind enough to remain perfectly quiet) 
now jumped up, rushed behind the ruffian, and pushed him 
down the steps. She then shut the door, locked it, and ran 
upstairs to try and wake the family, but without success : 
calling, shouting, and shaking were alike in vain. The 
poor girl was in despair, for she heard the traveller and his 
comrades outside the house. So she ran down again, 
seized a bowl of blue (/.<r., skimmed milk), and threw it over 
the hand and candle ; after which she went upstairs again, 
and awoke the sleepers without any difficulty. The land- 
lord's son went to the window, and asked the men outside 
what they wanted. They answered that if the dead man's 
hand were but given them, they would go away quietly, and 
do no harm to any one. This he refused, and fired among 
them, and the shot must have taken effect, for in the 
morning stains of blood were traced to a considerable 
distance. 

These circumstances were related to my informant, Mr. 
Charles Wastell, in the spring of 1861, by an old woman 
named Bella Parkin, who resided close to High Spital, and 
was actually the daughter of the courageous servant girl. 

It is interesting to compare them with the following 
narrations, communicated to me by the Rev. S. Baring 
Gould: — "Two magicians having come to lodge in a 
public-house with a view to robbing it, asked permission to 
pass the night by the fire, and obtained it When the 
house was quiet, the servant girl, suspecting mischief, crept 
downstairs and looked through the key-hole. She saw the 
men open a sack, and take out a dry, withered hand. They 
anointed the fingers with some unguent, and lighted them. 
Each finger flamed, but the thumb they could not light; 
that was because one of the household was not asleep. 

15 



198 ENGLISH FOLK 

The girl hastened to her master, but found it impossible to 
arouse him. She tried every other sleeper, but could not 
break the charmed sleep. At last, stealing down into the 
kitchen, while the thieves were busy over her master's 
strong box, she secured the hand, blew out the flames, and 
at once the whole household was aroused. "^ 

But the next story bears a closer resemblance to the 
Stainmore narrative. One dark night, when all was shut 
up, there came a tap at the door of a lone inn in the middle 
of a barren moor. The door was opened, and there stood 
without, shivering and shaking, a poor beggar, his rags 
soaked with rain, and his hands white with cold. He 
asked piteously for a lodging, and it was cheerfully granted 
him ; there was not a spare bed in the house, but he could 
lie on the mat before the kitchen fire, and welcome. 

So this was settled, and every one in the house went to 
bed except the cook, who from the back kitchen could see 
into the large room through a pane of glass let into the door. 
She watched the beggar, and saw him, as soon as he was left 
alone, draw himself up from the floor, seat himself at the 
table, extract from his pocket a brown withered human hand, 
and set it upright in the candlestick. He then anointed 
the fingers, and applying a match to them, they began to 
flame. Filled with horror, the cook rushed up the back 
stairs, and endeavoured to arouse her master and the men 
of the house. But all was in vain — they slept a charmed 
sleep ; so in despair she hastened down again, and placed 
herself at her post of observation. 

She saw the fingers of the hand flaming, but the thumb 

remained unlighted, because one inmate of the house was 

awake. The beggar was busy collecting the valuables 

around him into a large sack, and having taken all he cared 

* Delrio. See also Thorpe's Mythology , vol. iil. p. 274- 



AND FAIRY TALES. rgg 

for in the large room, he entered another. On this the 
woman ran in, and, seizing the light, tried to extinguish the 
flames. But this was not so easy. She blew at them, but 
they burnt on as before. She poured the dregs of a beer 
jug over them, but they blazed up the brighter. As a last 
resource, she caught up a jug of milk, and dashed it over 
the four lambent flames, and they died out at once. Utter- 
ing a loud cry, she rushed to the door of the apartment the 
beggar had entered, and locked it. The whole family was 
aroused, and the thief easily secured and hanged. This 
tale is told in Northumberland. 



BETTY CHIDLEY THE WITCH.i 

A FAMILY of the name of Ambler occupied a farm at 
Wilderley, near Pulverbatch, and in a little cottage in a 
neighbouring dale lived an old woman, commonly called 
"Betty Chidley from the bottom of Betchcot," who was 
much in the habit of begging at the farmhouse, and 
generally got what she asked for. One day Betty came on 
her usual errand, and found the farmer's wife mixing some 
" supping " for the calves. She watched the good meal and 
milk stirred together over the fire, took a fancy to it, and 
begged for a share. Mrs. Ambler, rather vexed, spoke 
sharply, and refused to give her any. 

Betty only said in a meaning tone : " The calves wenna 
eat the suppin' now." 

Little notice was taken of her speech at the time, but 
when the maid carried out the pail of carefully-prepared 
" suppin' " to the calves, they utterly refused to touch it. 
Three times over was the attempt made to give it them, but 
in vain. 

Then Betty's ominous words were called to mind, and as 
quickly as might be she was sent for to the farm, and 
desired to bless the calves. " Me bless your calves ! " she 
said ; " what have I to do with your calves ? " but at last she 
yielded to their entreaties, and said : '* My God bless the 
calves." But the creatures still refused to eat. Then 
Mrs. Ambler begged her to leave out the word " my." 

^ Miss C. S. Burne, Shropshire Folk-Lore^ p. 151. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 201 

After much pressure she gave way, and consented to repeat 
the simple words : "God bless the calves." Mrs. Ambler 
then herself took the " suppin' " to the hungry calves, and 
to her delight they came to meet her at the door of their 
house, and ate their food with hearty appetite. The story 
has been handed down in the family ever since, and was 
related to the present writer by a great-grand-daughter of 
Mr. and Mrs. Ambler, who had it from her great-aunt, one 
of their daughters. 



THE BAG OF FLOUR.1 

There was a woman who lived near Cheadle, who went to 
the mill one day to get a bag of flour for baking, and as she 
came back she met an old witch. " Good day," said the 
witch. "Good day," said the woman again. •' What's that 
you've got on your head ? " said the witch. " It's flour I'm 
taking home for my baking," said the woman. " It isn't 
flour, it's manure," said the witch. " It's sound flour ! " 
said the woman ; " I've fetched it straight from the mill, and 
I'm going to bake with it as soon as ever I get home." 
" It's nothing at all but a bag of manure," said the witch, 
and ofi" she went. 

Now the woman knew very well that it was flour she had 
in her bag, but this made her feel so uncomfortable, that as 
soon as the witch was out of sight, she put down the bag off 
her head and opened it and looked in. And there, sure 
enough, it was not flour at all, nothing but manure ! Well 
she thought, as she had carried it so far, she might as well 
carry it all the way, so she took it up again, and went home 
and set it down by the pig-sty. In the evening her husband 
came home. 

" Whatever have you put that bag of flour down by the 
pig-sty for ? " he said, as soon as he came into the house. 
"Oh," said she, "that's not flour, that's only a bag of 
manure." " Nonsense ! " said he, " what are you talking 
of? I tell you it's flour. Why, it's sheeding [spilling] all 

* Miss C. S. Bume, Shropshire Folk-Lore, p. 159. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 203 

over the place ! " So they went to look, and there actually 
it was flour again the same as at first ; and they took it into 
the house, and very glad the woman was to get it back. 
And that was the only thing the witch was ever known to 
turn [transform] back again. She turned a many things, 
but never a one back again but that. 



KENTSHAM BELL-i 

Great Tom of Kentsham was the greatest bell ever brought 
to England, but it never reached Kentsham safely, nor 
hung in any English tower. Where Kentsham is I cannot 
tell you, but long, long ago the good folk of the place 
determined to have a larger and finer bell in their steeple 
than any other parish could boast. At that time there 
was a famous bell-foundry abroad, where all the greatest 
bells were cast, and thither too sent many others who 
wanted greater bells than could be cast in England. And 
so it came to pass at length that Great Tom of Lincoln, 
and Great Tom of York, and Great Tom of Christchurch, 
and Great Tom of Kentsham, were all founded at the 
same time, and all embarked on board the same vessel, 
and carried safely to the shore of dear old England. Then 
they set about landing them, and this was anxious work, 
but little by little it was done, and Tom of Lincoln, Tom 
of York, Tom of Christchurch, were safely laid on English 
ground. And then came the turn of Tom of Kentsham, 
which was the greatest Tom of all. Little by little they 
raised him, and prepared to draw him to the shore; but 
just in the midst of the work the captain grew so anxious 
and excited that he swore an oath. That very moment 
the ropes which held the bell snapped in two, and Great 
Tom of Kentsham slid over the ship's side into the water, 
and rolled away to the bottom of the sea. 

* Folk-Lore Journal, vol. ii. p. 20. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 205 

Then the people went to the cunning man and asked 
him what they should do. And he said: "Take six yoke 
of white milch-kine which have never borne the yoke, 
and take fresh withy bands which have never been used 
before, and let no man speak a word either good or bad 
till the bell is at the top of the hill." 

So they took six yoke of white milch-kine which had 
never borne the yoke, and harnessed them with fresh withy- 
bands which had never been used, and bound these to 
the bell as it lay in the shallow water, and long it was 
ere they could move it. But still the kine struggled and 
pulled, and the withy-bands held firm, and at last the bell 
was on dry ground. Slowly, slowly they drew it up the 
hill, moaning and groaning with unearthly sounds as it 
went; slowly, slowly, and no one spoke, and they nearly 
reached the top of the hill. Now the captain had been 
wild with grief when he saw that he had caused his precious 
freight to be lost in the waters just as they had reached 
the shore; and when he beheld it recovered again and 
so nearly placed in safety, he could not contain his joy, 
but sang out merrily : 

" In spite of all the devils in hell, 
We have got to land old Kentsham Bell." 

Instantly the withy-bands broke in the midst, and the bell 
bounded back again down the sloping hillside, rolling over 
and over, faster and faster, with unearthly clanging, till 
it sank far away in the very depths of the sea. And no 
man has ever seen it since, but many have heard it tolling 
beneath the waves, and if you go there you may hear 
it too. 



GHOSTS. 



A BISHOP'S GHOST.i 

Henry Burgwash, who became Bishop of Lincoln on 
the 28th of May 1320, is chiefly memorable on account 
of a curious ghost story recorded of him in connection with 
the manor of Fingest, in Bucks. Until the year 1845, 
Buckinghamshire was in the diocese of Lincoln, and 
formerly the bishops of that see possessed considerable 
estates and two places of residence in the county. They 
had the palace of Wooburn, near Marlow, and a manorial 
residence at Fingest, a small secluded village near Wycomb. 
Their manor-house of Fingest, the ruins of which still 
exist, stood near the church, and was but a plain mansion, 
of no great size or pretensions. And why those princely 
prelates, who possessed three or four baronial palaces, and 
scores of manor-houses superior to this, chose so often to 
reside here, is unknown. Perhaps it was on account of 
its sheltered situation, or from its suitableness for meditation, 
or because the surrounding country was thickly wooded 
and well stocked with deer; for in the "merrie days of 
Old England," bishops thought no harm in heading a 
hunting party. Be this as it may, certain it is that many 
of the early prelates of Lincoln, although their palace of 

^ Chambers's Book of Days ^ vol. L p. 690. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 207 

Wooburn was near at hand, often preferred to reside at 
their humble manor-house of Fingest. One of these was 
Henry Burgwash, who has left reminiscences of his residence 
here more amusing to posterity than creditable to himself. 
** He was," says Fuller, " neither good for church nor state, 
sovereign nor subjects ; but was covetous, ambitious, rebel- 
lious, injurious. Yet he was twice lord treasurer, once 
chancellor, and once sent ambassador to Bavaria. He died 
A.D. 1340. Such as wish to be merry," continues Fuller, 
"may read the pleasant story of his apparition being 
condemned after death to be viridis viridarius — a green 
forester." In his Church History, Fuller gives this pleasant 
story : " This Burgwash was he who, by mere might, against 
all right and reason, took in the common land of many 
poor people (without making the least reparation), there- 
with to complete his park at Tinghurst (Fingest). These 
wronged persons, though seeing their own bread, beef, and 
mutton turned into the bishop's venison, durst not contest 
with him who was Chancellor of England, though he had 
neither law nor equity in his proceeding." He persisted 
in this cruel act of injustice even to the day of his death ; 
but having brought on himself the hatred and maledictions 
of the poor, he could not rest quietly in his grave ; for his 
spirit was doomed to wander about that land which he had, 
while living, so unjustly appropriated to himself. It so 
happened, however, as we are gravely informed by his 
biographer, that on a certain night he appeared to one of 
his former familiar friends, apparelled like a forester, all 
in green, with a bow and quiver, and a bugle-horn 
hanging by his side. To this gentleman he made known 
his miserable case. He said, that on account of the 
injuries he had done the poor while living, he was now 
compelled to be the park-keeper of that place which he 



2o8 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR V TALES. 

had so wrongfully enclosed. He therefore entreated his 
friend to repair to the canons of Lincoln, and in his name 
to request them to have the bishop's park reduced to its 
former extent, and to restore to the poor the land which 
he had taken from them. His friend duly carried his 
message to the canons, who, with equal readiness, complied 
with their dead bishop's ghostly request, and deputed one 
of their prebendaries, William Bacheler, to see the restor- 
ation properly effected. The bishop's park was reduced, 
and the common restored to its former dimensions; and 
the ghostly park-keeper was no more seen. 



A CLERGYMAN'S GHOST.i 

In the south of Devon, some eighteen or twenty years ago, 
a reverend gentleman, of large landed property, held a 
small benefice in his immediate neighbourhood, for the 
purpose of evading residence in another quarter. He was 
accustomed to perform the duty every Sunday, and was 
conveyed to the church in his chariot through one of those 
narrow, shady lanes for which that country was then so 
justly famed. He died, and his remains were consigned to 
the vault in the church of the above-mentioned benefice, 
with much pomp and ceremony, and followed by a long 
procession of friends, tenants, and the surrounding neigh- 
bourhood. But his spirit was not supposed to rest in 
peace. Villagers returning from their labours had been 
terrified by the sound of carriage-wheels in the shady lane ; 
and one had even seen the chariot itself drawn by headless 
horses. The rumour spread, till it was confidently asserted 
in the cider shops that "twelve parsons" had been con- 
vened to lay the spirit in the Red Sea. Still, the lane was 
believed to be haunted; and on investigating the reason 
why the spell had not taken effect, it was conjectured that, 
as one of the twelve parsons had been the intimate friend 
of the deceased — as he knawed the trick — he would com- 
municate it to him, and so render it abortive. That parson 
was therefore struck out of the list, and the vicar of an 

^ Athenaum, 7th November 1846, p. 1142, quoted by Jabez Allies, 
On the Antiquities and Folk-Lore of Worcestershire ^ p. 464. 



2IO ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

adjoining parish, lately come into residence, from " Lunnun 
town," did it all hisself^ and neither chariot nor horses was 
ever knawed to walk again. This superstition was current 
under the immediate knowledge of the writer of this 
anecdote. 



THE HAUNTED HOUSE.i 

About half a mile from Tavistock there is a farm called 
Down House ; the dwelling itself was rebuilt about eleven 
or twelve years ago. It was considered before an ancient 
place, and haunted by ghosts. Here is a story of one. 
The family who resided there well knew the hovu: of the 
night in which the ghosts made their appearance, and 
always took care to go to bed before they came. But it 
happened on a time that a child was very ill, and asked its 
mother for water. She went to the pitcher to get some, 
when the child refused any but such as might be got 
directly from the pump. The mother became quite dis- 
tressed, unwilling to displease the child, yet afraid to go down 
to the pump, as it was about the hour in which the ghost 
walked. She considered upon it a little while, and at last 
said : " In the name of God I will go down." She did so. 
Passing over the stairs she perceived a shadow, and then 
she heard footsteps ; and when she came to the pump she 
felt a hand on her shoulder. She turned and perceived 
a tall man. Summoning a good resolution, however, she 
said : " In the name of God, why troublest thou me ? " The 
ghost replied : ** It is well for thee that thou hast spoken to 
me in the name of God ; this being the last time allotted 
me to trouble this world, or else I should have injured thee. 
Now do as I tell thee, and be not afraid. Come with me, 

^ Mrs. Bray, Tlie Borders of the Tamar and the Ttrpy, voL U- 
p. 129. 



212 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

and I will direct thee to a something which shall remove 
this pump. Under it is concealed treasure." 

This something was procured, and applied as the ghost 
directed. The pump was quickly removed, when under it 
there lay a great deal of money. She was desired to take 
up the treasure and stock her farm with it. And the spirit 
told her that if ever any person molested or deprived her of 
her property, he would suffer well for it. He then ordered 
her to go and give the water to the child, who, in reward 
for her courage and trust in God, should recover. The 
cock crew ; directly the figure dwindled again to a shadow, 
ascended through the air, and she watched till he soon 
became a small bright cloud. 



GHOST-LAYING STORIES. 



Some years back a clergyman, on taking possession of a 
living on the confines of Dartmoor, found it necessary to 
enlarge the house, which was really little better than the 
peasants' cottages around it. He lengthened the one 
sitting-room, and made it into a tolerable dining-room, 
adding a drawing-room and two or three bedrooms. These 
improvements satisfied his wife and children; but there was 
one interested party whom he had left out of consideration 
— the spirit of his predecessor, an old gentleman who had 
outlived all his family, and passed many solitary years in 
the remote parsonage. 

And ere long the consequences of this neglect appeared. 
Sounds were soon heard of an evening as though a figure in 
a dressing-gown were sweeping in and out of the rooms, 
and treading with a soft yet heavy tread, and this particu- 
larly in the dining-room, where the old Vicar had spent the 
last years of his life, sitting over the fire, or pacing up and 
down in his dressing-gown and slippers. The eerie sounds 
began at nightfall, and continued at intervals till morning. 
Uneasiness pervaded the household. Servants gave warn- 
ing and went away ; no one applied for their vacant places. 
The daughters fell ill, and were sent away for change of air; 

^ W. Henderson, Notes on the Folk-Lore of the Northern Counties of 
England and the Borders, p. 336. 

16 



214 ENGLISH FOLK 

then their mother was anxious about them, and went to see 
how they were going on ; and so the Vicar was left alone, 
at the mercy of his predecessor's ghost. At first he bore 
up bravely, but one Saturday night, while he was sitting up 
late, and wearily going over his Sunday sermons, the " pad, 
pad " of the measured tread struck so painfully upon his 
nerves that he could bear it no longer. He started up, 
opened the window, jumped out, and made the best of his 
way to the nearest farm, where lived his churchwarden, an 
honest Dartmoor farmer. 

There the Vicar found a kind welcome; and when he 
told his tale, in a hesitating sort of way, owning his dislike 
to solitude and apologising for the weakness of nerves which 
made him fancy he heard the sounds so often described to 
him, his host broke in with a declaration of his belief that 
the old Vicar was at the bottom of it, just because of the 
alterations in the house he had lived in so many years. 
** He never could abide changes," pursued the farmer, " but 
he's had his day, and you should have yours now. He 
must be laid, that's certain ; and if you'll go away next 
week to your missis and the young ladies, I'll see to it" 

And see to it he did, A jury of seven parsons was con- 
voked, and each sat for half-an-hour with a candle in his 
hand, and it burned out its time with each, showing plainly 
that none of them could lay the ghost. Nor was this any 
wonder, for were they not all old acquaintances of his, so 
that he knew all their tricks ? The spirit could afford to 
defy them ; it was not worth his while to blow their candles 
out. But the seventh parson was a stranger, and a scholar 
fresh from Oxford. In his hand the light went out at once. 
He was clearly the man to lay the ghost, and he did not 
shrink from his task; he laid it at once, and in a beer 
barrel. 



AND FAIRY TALES, 215 

But now a fresh difficulty arose. What was to be done 
with the beer-barrel and its mysterious tenant? Where 
could it be placed secure from the touch of any curious 
hand, which might be tempted to broach the barrel, and set 
free the ghost ? Nothing occurred to the assembled com- 
pany but to roll the thing into one corner, and send for the 
mason to inclose it with stones and mortar. This done, the 
room looked very odd with one corner cut off. Uniformity 
would be attained if the other three were filled up as well ; 
and besides, the ghost would be safer if no one knew the 
very spot in which he was reposing. So the other corners 
were blocked up, and with success. What matters it if the 
room be smaller ! — the parsonage has never been haunted 
since. 

There lived in the town of , in that part of England 

which lies towards the borders of Wales, a very curious 
simple kind of a man ; though, simple as he seemed, people 
all said there was more cunning in him than there appeared 
to be, and that he knew a good deal that other people did 
not know. Now there was in the same town a certain large 
and very old house, and one of the rooms was haunted by 
a ghost, which not only hindered people from making any 
use of that room, but was also very troublesome to them in 
other ways. The man whom I have just mentioned was 
reported to be very clever at dealing with ghosts, and the 
proprietor of the haunted house, by the advice of some of 
his friends, sent for him and asked him if he would under- 
take to make the ghost quit the house. Tommy, for that 
was the name the man generally went by, agreed to do this, 
on condition that he should have with him in the room 
^ Folk- Lore Record^ vol. ii. p. 176. 



2t6 ENGLISH POLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

which the ghost frequented three things — an empty bottle, 
a bottle of brandy with a tumbler, and a pitcher of water. 
So Tommy had a fine fire in the room, for it was a cold 
winter evening, and he locked the door safely in the inside, 
and sat down to pass the night drinking brandy and water. 
Well, just as the clock struck twelve, he was roused by a 
slight noise, and looking up, lo! there was the ghost 
standing before him. Says the ghost: "Well, Tommy, 
how are ye?" "Pretty well, thank ye," says he; "but 
pray how did ye know my name?" "Oh, very well 
indeed," said the ghost. "And how did ye get in?" 
"Oh, very easily." "Not through the door, I'm sure." 
"No, not at all, but through the keyhole." "D'ye say so? 
None of your tricks upon me ; I won't believe you came 
through the keyhole." "Won't ye? but I did." "I'm 
sure you can't get through the keyhole." "I'm sure I 
can." " Well, then," says Tommy, pointing to the empty 
bottle, which he pretended to have emptied, " if you can 
come through the keyhole you can get into this bottle, but 
I won't believe you can do either." Now the ghost began 
to be very angry that Tommy should doubt his powers of 
getting into the bottle, so he asserted most confidently that 
the thing was easy to be done. "No," said Tommy, "I 
won't believe it till I see you get in." "Here goes then," 
said the ghost, and sure enough into the bottle he went, 
and Tommy corked him up quite tight, so that he could 
not get out, and he took the bottle to the bridge where the 
river was wide and deep, and he threw the bottle exactly 
over the keystone of the middle arch into the river, and 
the ghost was never heard of after. 



THE ROARING BULL O' BAGBURY.i 

There was a very bad man lived at Bagbury Farm, and 
when he died it was said that he had never done but two 
good things in his life, and the one was to give a waistcoat 
to a poor old man, and the other was to give a piece of 
bread and cheese to a poor boy, and when this man died he 
made a sort of confession of this. But when he was dead 
his ghost would not rest, and he would get in the buildings 
in the shape of a bull, and roar till the boards and the 
shutters and the tiles would fly off the building, and it was 
impossible for any one to live near him. He never came 
till about nine or ten at night, but he got so rude at last 
that he would come about seven or eight at night, and he 
was so troublesome that they sent for twelve parsons to lay 
him. And the parsons came, and they got him under, but 
they could not lay him ; but they got him, in the shape of 
a bull all the time, up into Hyssington Church. And when 
they got him into the church, they all had candles, and one 
old blind parson, who knowed him, and knowed what a 
rush he would make, he carried his candle in his top boot. 
And he made a great rush, and all the candles went out, all 
but the blind parson's, and he said: "You light your 
candles by mine." And while they were in the church, 
before they laid him, the bull made such a burst that he 
cracked the wall of the church from the top to the bottom, 
and the crack was left as it was for years, till the church 

^ Miss C. S. Burne, Shropshire Folk-Lore, p. lo8. 



2i8 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

was done up ; it was left on purpose for people to see. I've 
seen it hundreds of times. Well, they got the bull down 
at last, into a snuff-box, and he asked them to lay him 
under Bagbury Bridge, and that every mare that passed 
over should lose her foal, and every woman her child ; but 
they would not do this, and they laid him in the Red Sea 
for a thousand years. 

I remember the old clerk at Hyssington. He was an old 
man then, sixty years ago, and he told me he could 
remember the old blind parson well " But long after the 
ghost had been laid in the Red Say^ folk were always 
frightened to go over Bagbury Bridge," said John Thomas. 
" I've bin over it myself many a time with horses, and I 
always got off the horse and made him go quietly, and went 
pit-pat, ever so softly, for fear of him hearing me and 
coming out." 



THE WHITE LADY OF BLENKINSOPP.i 

Like almost all the old Northumbrian castles and peels, 
Blenkinsopp has the reputation of being haunted. A 
gloomy vault under the castle is said to have buried in it a 
large chest of gold, hidden in the troublous times : some 
say by a lady whose spirit cannot rest so long as it is there, 
and who used formerly to appear — though not, that we have 
heard, for the last four or five decades — clothed in white 
from head to foot, and so was known as " The White 
Lady." 

About the beginning of this century several of the least 
ruinous apartments in the castle were still occupied by a 
hind on the estate and some cotters. Indeed, two or three 
of them continued to be so down to the year 1820 or 
thereabouts. The visits of the White Lady seem to have 
been unfrequent latterly, and for some considerable time 
they had ceased. One night, however, shortly after retiring 
to rest, the hind and his wife (so the story goes) were 
alarmed on hearing loud and reiterated screams coming 
from an adjoining room, in which one of the children, a boy 
of about eight years of age, had been laid to sleep. On 
hastily rushing in to see what was the matter, they found 
the boy sitting trembling on his pillow, terror-struck and 
bathed in perspiration. " The White Lady ! the White 
Lady ! " he screamed, as soon as he saw them. " What 

^ Monthly Chronicle of North- Country Lore and Legend^ March 1888, 
p. los. 



220 ENGLISH FOLK 

lady ? ** cried the astonished parents, looking round the 
room ; " there is no lady here." " She is gone," replied 
the boy, " and she looked so angry at me because I would 
not go with her. She was a fine lady, and she sat down on 
my bedside and wrung her hands and cried sore. Then 
she kissed me and asked me to go with her, and she would 
make me a rich man, as she had buried a large box of gold, 
many hundred years since, down in the vault; and she 
would give it to me, as she could not rest so long as it was 
there. When 1 told her I durst not go, she said she would 
carry me, and she was lifting me up when I cried out and 
frightened her away." The hind and his wife, both very 
sensible people, concluded that the child had been dreaming, 
and at length succeeded in quieting him and getting him 
to sleep. But for three successive nights they were disturbed 
in the same manner, the boy repeating the same story with 
little variation, so that they were forced to let him sleep in 
the same apartment with themselves, when the apparition 
no longer visited him. The eflfect upon the boy's mind, 
however, was such that nothing ever afterwards would 
induce him to enter into any part of the old castle alone, 
even in daylight. 

The legend of the White Lady is not one of those that 
unsophisticated country people willingly let die; and the 
belief that treasure lies hidden under the grim old ruin, 
waiting to be disinterred, is probably still entertained by 
not a few. Indeed, there is hardly a place of the kind, 
either in this country or any other, regarding which some 
such impression does not exist. (See Layard on the 
subject.) 

About fifty years since, we are told, a strange lady arrived 
at the village of Greenhead, and took up her quarters at the 
inn there. She told the landlady, in confidence, that she 



AND FAIRY TALES. 221 

liad had a wonderful dream, to the effect that a large chest 
of gold lay buried in the vault of Blenkinsopp Castle, and 
that she was to be the person to find it. She stayed several 
weeks, awaiting the return of the owner of the property to 
ask leave to search ; but she either got tired of waiting, or 
could not obtain permission, and so she went away without 
accomplishing her purpose, and the hidden treasure, if there 
be such a thing there, remains for some more fortunate 
person to bring to the light of day. 

Tradition accounts for the alleged hiding of the gold in 
the following way : — One of the castellans in the middle 
ages, named Bryan de Blenkinsopp, familiarly Bryan 
Blenship, was as avaricious as he was bold, daring, and 
lawless. He was once heard to say, when taunted with 
being a fusty old bachelor, that he would never marry until 
he met with a lady possessed of a chest of gold heavier 
than ten of his strongest men could carry into his castle ; 
and fate, it seems, had ordained that he would keep his 
word. For, going to the wars abroad, whether to the Holy 
Land to fight against the Saracens, or to Hungary to oppose 
the Turks, we cannot tell, and staying away several years, 
he met with a lady in some far country, who came up to 
his expectations, courted her, married her, and brought her 
home, together with a chest of gold which it took twelve 
strong men to lift. Bryan Blenship was now the richest 
man in the North of England ; but it soon transpired that 
his riches had not brought him happiness, but the reverse. 
He and his lady quarrelled continually — a fact which could 
not long be concealed ; and one day when the unhappy 
couple had had a more serious difference than usual, Six 
Bryan was heard to utter threats, in reply to his wife's bitter 
reproaches, which seemed to indicate that he meant to get 
rid of her as soon as he could without any more formality 



223 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

or fuss than if they had merely been " handfasted," that is, 
pledged to each other for a year and a day. The lady 
muttered something in return, which could not be distinctly 
heard by the servants, and so the affair, for the nonce, 
seemed to end But a very short time afterwards — possibly 
the next night — the indignant, ill-used lady got the foreign 
men-servants who had accompanied her to the castle to take 
up the precious chest and bury it deep in some secret place 
out of her miserly husband's reach, where it lies to this day. 
Accounts differ as to what followed. Some say Sir Bryan 
disappeared shortly after he discovered his loss ; others say 
the lady disappeared first ; but it is affirmed that they both 
disappeared in a mysterious manner, and that neither of 
them was ever afterwards seen. It was, moreover, sagely 
hinted that the lady was " something uncanny," — in plain 
terms, an imp of darkness, sent with her wealth to ensnare 
Sir Bryan's greedy soul. At any rate folks were sure that 
she was an infidel, for she never went to church, and used 
on Sundays to sing hymns to Mahoun, or some other false 
god, in an unknown tongue in her own room. 



THE HAUNTED WIDOWER.^ 

A LABOURING man, very shortly after his wife's death, sent 
to a servant girl, living at the time in a small shipping port, 
requesting her to come to the inn to him. The girl went, 
and over a "ha' pint" she agreed to accept him as her 
husband. 

All went on pleasantly enough for a time. One evening 
the man met the girl. He was silent for some time and 
sorrowful, but at length he told her his wife had come back. 

" What do'st mean ? " asked the girl ; " have 'e seen 
hur ? " 

" Naw, I han't seed her." 

" Why, how do'st knaw it is her then ? " 

The poor man explained to her, that at night, when in 
bed, she would come to the side of it, and " flop " his face ; 
and there was no mistaking her "flop." 

" So you knawed her flop, did 'e ?" asked the girl. 

" Ay, it couldn't be mistook." 

"If she do hunt thee," said the girl, "she'll hunt me; 
and if she do flop 'e, shell flop me, — so it must be off" 
atween us." 

The unfortunate flop of the dead wife prevented the man 
from securing a living one. 

^ Robert Hunt, Popular Romances of the West of England, ist 
series, p. 264. 



THE GHOST OF ROSEWARNE.1 

"EzEKiEL Grosse, gent, attomey-at-law," bought the 
lands of Rosewarne from one of the De Rosewarnes, who 
had become involved in difficulties by endeavouring, 
without sufficient means, to support the dignity of his 
family. There is reason for believing that Ezekiel was the 
legal adviser of this unfortunate Rosewarne, and that he 
was not over-honest in his transactions with his client 
However this may be, Ezekiel Grosse had scarcely made 
Rosewarne his dwelling-place before he was alarmed by 
noises, at first of an unearthly character, and subsequently, 
one very dark night, by the appearance of the ghost himself 
in the form of a worn and aged man. The first appearance 
was in the park, but he subsequently repeated his visits in 
the house, but always after dark. Ezekiel Grosse was not a 
man to be terrified at trifles, and for some time he paid but 
slight attention to his nocturnal visitor. Howbeit the 
repetition of visits, and certain mysterious indications on 
the part of the spectre, became annoying to Ezekiel. One 
night, when seated in his office examining some deeds, and 
being rather irritable, having lost an important suit, his 
visitor approached him, making some strange indications 
which the lawyer could not understand. Ezekiel suddenly 
exclaimed, " In the name of God, what wantest thou ? " 

^ Robert Hunt, Popular Romances of the West of England, ist 
series, p. 2S6. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 225 

" To show thee, Ezekiel Grosse, where the gold for which 
thou longest lies buried." 

No one ever lived upon whom the greed of gold was 
stronger than on Ezekiel, yet he hesitated now that his 
spectral friend had spoken so plainly, and trembled in every 
limb as the ghost slowly dehvered himself in sepulchral 
tones of this telling speech. 

The lawyer looked fixedly on the spectre ; but he dared 
not utter a word. He longed to obtain possession of the 
secret, yet he feared to ask him where he was to find this 
treasure. The spectre looked as fixedly at the poor 
trembling lawyer, as if enjoying the sight of his terror. At 
length, lifting his finger, he beckoned Ezekiel to follow him, 
turning at the same time to leave the room. Ezekiel was 
glued to his seat ; he could not exert strength enough to 
move, although he desired to do so. 

** Come ! " said the ghost, in a hollow voice. The lawyer 
was powerless to come. 

" Gold ! " exclaimed the old man, in a whining tone, 
though in a louder key. 

•' Where ? " gasped Ezekiel 

"Follow me, and I will shew thee," said the ghost. 
Ezekiel endeavoured to rise ; but it was in vain. 

" I command thee, come ! " almost shrieked the ghost. 
Ezekiel felt that he was compelled to follow his friend ; and 
by some supernatural power rather than his own, he followed 
the spectre out of the room, and through the hall, into the 
park. 

They passed onward through the night — the ghost gliding 
before the lawyer, and guiding him by a peculiar phosphor- 
escent light, which appeared to glow from every part of the 
form, until they arrived at a little dell, and had reached a 
small cairn formed of granite boulders. By this the spectre 



226 ENGLISH FOLK 

rested ; and when Ezekiel had approached it, and was 
standing on the other side of the cairn, still trembling, the 
aged man, looking fixedly in his face, said, in low tones : 

"Ezekiel Grosse, thou longest for gold, as I did. I won 
the glittering prize, but I could not enjoy it. Heaps of 
treasure are buried beneath those stones ; it is thine, if thou 
diggest for it. Win the gold, Ezekiel. Glitter with the 
wicked ones of the world ; and when thou art the most 
joyous, I will look in upon thy happiness." The ghost then 
disappeared, and as soon as Grosse could recover himself 
from the extreme trepidation — the result of mixed feelings 
— he looked about him, and finding himself alone, he 
exclaimed : " Ghost or devil, I will soon prove whether or 
not thou liest ! " Ezekiel is said to have heard a laugh, 
echoing between the hills, as he said those words. 

The lawyer noted well the spot ; returned to his house ; 
pondered on all the circumstances of his case; and 
eventually resolved to seize the earliest opportunity, when 
he might do so unobserved, of removing the stones, and 
examining the ground beneath them. 

A few nights after this Ezekiel went to the little cairn, 
and by the aid of a crowbar, he soon overturned the stones, 
and laid the ground bare. He then commenced digging, 
and had not proceeded far when his spade struck against 
some other metal. He carefully cleared away the earth, and 
he then felt — for he could not see, having no light with him 
— that he had uncovered a metallic urn of some kind. He 
found it quite impossible to lift it, and he was therefore 
compelled to cover it up again, and to replace the stones 
sufficiently to hide it from the observation of any chance 
wanderer. 

The next night Ezekiel found that this urn, which was of 
bronze, contained gold coins of a very ancient date. He 



AND FAIRY TALES. ' 227 

loaded himself with his treasure, and returned home. From 
time to time, at night, as Ezekiel found he could do so 
without exciting the suspicions of his servants, he visited 
the urn, and thus by degrees removed all the treasure to 
Rosewarne house There was nothing in the series of 
circumstances which had surrounded Ezekiel which he 
could less understand than the fact that the ghost of the 
old man had left off troubling him from the moment 
when he had disclosed to him the hiding-place of this 
treasure. 

The neighbouring gentry could not but observe the rapid 
improvements which Ezekiel Grosse made in his mansion, 
his grounds, in his personal appearance, and indeed in 
everything by which he was surrounded. In a short time 
he abandoned the law, and led in every respect the life of a 
country gentleman. He ostentatiously paraded his power 
to procure all earthly enjoyments, and, in spite of his 
notoriously bad character, he succeeded in drawing many 
of the landed proprietors around him. 

Things went well with Ezekiel. The man who could in 
those days visit London in his own carriage and four was 
not without a large circle of flatterers. The lawyer who had 
struggled hard, in the outset of life, to secure wealth, and 
who did not always employ the most honest means for 
doing so, now found himself the centre of a circle to whom 
he could preach honesty, and receive from them expressions 
of the admiration in which the world holds the possessor 
of gold. His old tricks were forgotten, and he was put in 
places of honour. This state of things continued for some 
time; indeed, Grosse's entertainments became more and 
more splendid, and his revels more and more seductive to 
those he admitted to share them with him. The Lord of 
Rosewarne was the Lord of the West. To him every one 



«a8 ENGLISH FOLK 

bowed the knee : he walked the Earth as the proud possessor 
of a large share of the planet 

It was Christmas-eve, and a large gathering there was at 
Rosewame. In the hall the ladies and gentlemen were in 
the full enjoyment of the dance, and in the kitchen all the 
tenantry and the servants were emulating their superiors. 
Everything went joyously; and when mirth was in full 
swing, and Ezekiel felt to the full the influence of wealth, it 
appeared as if in one moment the chill of death had fallen 
over every one. The dancers paused, and looked one at 
another, each one struck with the other's paleness; and 
there, in the middle of the hall, every one saw a strange old 
man looking angrily, but in silence, at Ezekiel Grosse, who 
was fixed in terror, blank as a statue. 

No one had seen this old man enter the hall, yet there he 
was in the midst of them. It was but for a minute, and he 
was gone. Ezekiel, as if a frozen torrent of water had 
thawed in an instant, roared with impetuous laughter. 

" What do you think of that for a Christmas play ? 
There was an old Father Christmas for you ! Ha, ha, ha, 
ha ! How frightened you all look ! Butler, order the men 
to hand round the spiced wines ! On with the dancing, my 
friends ! It was only a trick, ay, and a clever one, which I 
have put upon you. On with your dancing, my friends 1 " 

Notwithstanding his boisterous attempts to restore the 
spirit of the evening, Ezekiel could not succeed. There 
was an influence stronger than any which he could com- 
mand ; and one by one, framing sundry excuses, his guests 
took their departure, every one of them satisfied that all 
was not right at Rosewame. 

From that Christmas-eve Grosse was a changed man. 
He tried to be his former self; but it was in vain. Again 
and again he called his gay companions around him ; but at 



AND FAIRY TALES. 229 

every feast there appeared one more than was desired. An 
aged man — weird beyond measure — took his place at the 
table in the middle of the feast ; and although he spoke not, 
he exerted a miraculous power over all. No one dared to 
move; no one ventured to speak. Occasionally Ezekiel 
assumed an appearance of courage, which he felt not; 
rallied his guests, and made sundry excuses for the presence 
of his aged friend, whom he represented as having a mental 
infirmity, as being deaf and dumb. On all such occasions 
the old man rose from the table, and, looking at the host, 
laughed a demoniac laugh of joy, and departed as quietly as 
he came. 

The natural consequence of this was that Ezekiel Grosse's 
friends fell away from him, and he became a lonely man, 
amidst his vast possessions — his only companion being his 
faithful clerk, John Call. 

The persecuting presence of the spectre became more 
and more constant ; and wherever the poor lawyer went, 
there was the aged man at his side. From being one of the 
finest men in the county, he became a miserably attenuated 
and bowed old man. Misery was stamped on every feature 
— terror was indicated in every movement. At length he 
appears to have besought his ghostly attendant to free him 
of his presence. It was long before the ghost would listen 
to any terms; but when Ezekiel at length agreed to sur- 
render the whole of his wealth to any one whom the spectre 
might indicate, he obtained a promise that upon this being 
carried out, in a perfectly legal manner, in favour of John 
Call, that he should no longer be haunted. 

This was, after numerous struggles on the part of Ezekiel 
to retain his property, or at least some portion of it, legally 
settled, and John Call became possessor of Rosewarne and 
the adioining lands. Grosse was then informed that this 

17 



230 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES, 

evil spirit was one of the ancestors of the Rosewarne, from 
whom by his fraudulent dealings he obtained the place, and 
that he was allowed to visit the earth again for the purpose 
of inflicting the most condign punishment on the avaricious 
lawyer. His avarice had been gratified, his pride had been 
pampered to the highest ; and then he was made a pitiful 
spectacle, at whom all men pointed, and no one pitied. He 
lived on in misery, but it was for a short time. He was 
found dead; and the country people ever said that his 
death was a violent one ; they spoke of marks on his body, 
and some even asserted that the spectre of De Rosewarne 
was seen rejoicing amidst a crowd of devils, as they bore 
the spirit of Ezekiel over Carn Brea. 
Hals thus quaintly tells this story : — 

" Roswame, in this parish, gave to its owner the name of De Ros- 
warne, one of which tribe sold those lands, temp. James I., to Ezekiel 
Grosse, gent. , attorney-at-law, who made it his dwelling, and in this 
place got a great estate by the inferior practice of the law ; but much 
more, as tradition saith, by means of a spirit or apparition that 
haunted him in this place, till he spake to it (for it is notable that sort 
of things called apparitions are such proud gentry, that they never 
speak first) ; whereupon it discovered to him where much treasure lay 
hid in this mansion, which, according to the (honest) ghost's direction, 
he found, to his great enriching. After which, this phantasm or 
spectrum became so troublesome and direful to him, day and night, 
that it forced him to forsake this place (as rich, it seems, as this devil 
could make him), and to quit his claim thereto, by giving or selling it 
to his clerk, John Call ; whose son, John Call, gent. , sold it again to 
Robert Hooker, gent., attorney-at-law, now in possession thereof. 
The arms of Call were, in a field three trumpets — in allusion to the 
name in English; but in Cornish -British, 'call,' 'cal,' signifies any 
hard, flinty, or obdurate matter or thing, and 'hirgorue' is a trumpet." 



THE LADY WITH THE LANTERN.^ 

The night was dark and the wind high. The heavy waves 
rolled round the point of " the Island " into St. Ives Bay, 
as Atlantic waves only can roll. Everything bespoke a 
storm of no ordinary character. There were no ships in 
the bay — not a fishing-boat was afloat The few small 
trading vessels had run into Hayle for shelter, or had 
nestled themselves within that very unquiet resting-place, 
St. Ives pier. The fishing-boats were all high and dry on 
the sands. 

Moving over the rocks which run out into the sea from 
the eastern side of " the Island " was seen a light. It 
passed over the most rugged ridges, formed by the intrusive 
Greenstone masses, and over the sharp edges of the 
upturned slate-rocks, with apparent ease. Forth and back 
— to and from — wandered the light. 

" Ha ! " said an old sailor with a sigh, as he looked out 
over the sea ; " a sad night ! a sad night ! The Lady and 
the Lantern is out." 

" The Lady and the lantern," repeated 1 ; " what do 
you mean ? " 

" The light out yonder " 

" Is from the lantern of some fisherman looking for 
something he has lost," interrupted I. 

"Never a fisherman nor a 'salt' either would venture 
there to-night," said the sailor. 

" What is it, then ? " I curiously inquired. 

^ Robert Hunt, Popular Romances of the West of England, 2nd series, 
p. 143- 



232 ENGLISH FOLK 

" Ha'ast never heard of the Lady and the Lantern ? " 
asked a woman who was standing by. 

"Never." 

Without any preface, she began at once to enh'ghten me. 
I am compelled, however, to reduce her rambling story to 
something like order, and to make her long-drawn tale as 
concise as possible. 

In the year there were many wrecks around the 

coast It was a melancholy time. For more than a month 
there had been a succession of storms, each one more 
severe than the preceding one. At length, one evening, 
just about dusk, a large ship came suddenly out of the mist. 
Her position, it was at once discovered, equally by those on 
board and by the people on the shore, was perilous beyond 
hope. The sailors, as soon as they saw how near they 
were to the shore, made every effort to save the ship, and 
then to prepare for saving themselves. The tempest raged 
with such fury from the west that the ship parted her 
anchors at the moment her strain came upon them, and she 
swung round — her only sail flying into ribbons in the gale 
— rushing, as it were, eagerly upon her fate. Presently she 
struck violently upon a sunken rock, and her masts went by 
the board, the waves sweeping over her, and clearing her 
decks. Many perished at once, and, as each successive 
wave urged her onward, others of the hardy and daring 
seamen were swept into the angry sea. 

Notwithstanding the severity of the storm, a boat was 
manned by the St. Ives fishermen, and launched from 
within the pier. Their perfect knowledge of their work 
enabled them, by the efforts of willing hearts, anxiously 
desiring to succour the distressed, to round the pier-head, 
and to row towards the ship. 

These fishermen brought their boat near to the ship. It 



AND FAIRY TALES, 233 

was impossible to get close to her, and they called to the 
sailors on board to throw them ropes. This they were 
enabled to do, and some two or three of the sailors lowered 
themselves by their aid, and were hauled into the boat. 

Then a group appeared on the deck, surrounding and 
supporting a lady, who held a child in her arms. They 
were imploring her to give her charge into the strong arms 
of a man ere they endeavoured to pass her from the ship to 
the boat. 

The lady could not be prevailed on to part with the 
infant. The ship was fast breaking up, not a moment could 
be lost. So the lady, holding her child, was lowered into 
the sea, and eagerly the fishermen drew her through the 
waves towards the boat. 

In her passage the lady had fainted, and she was taken 
into the boat without the infant. The child had fallen from 
her arms, and was lost in the boiling waters. 

Many of the crew were saved by these adventurous men, 
and taken safely into St. Ives. Before morning the shore 
was strewed with fragments of wreck, and the mighty ship 
had disappeared. 

Life returned to the lady ; but, finding that her child was 
gone, it returned without hope, and she speedily closed her 
eyes in death. In the churchyard they buried her; but, 
shortly after her burial, a lady was seen to pass over the 
wall of the churchyard, on to the beach, and walk towards 
the Island. There she spent hours amidst the rocks, 
looking for her child, and, not finding it, she would sigh 
deeply and return to her grave. When the nights were 
tempestuous or very dark, she carried a lantern ; but on 
fine nights she made her search without a light The I^dy 
and the Lantern have ever been regarded as predictors of 
disaster on this shore. 



SPECTRE-D0GS.1 

Neither Brand in his Popular Antiquities^ nor Sir Walter 
Scott in his Witchcraft and Demonology, mentions spectre- 
dogs as a peculiar class of apparitions, yet they seem to 
occupy a distinct branch of English mythology. They are 
supposed to exist in one form or another in almost every 
county, and few kinds of superstition have more strongly 
influenced the credulous mind. To have the " black dog 
on the back " has become a general phrase, though perhaps 
few who use it have an idea of its origin. The following 
anecdotes about spectre-dogs will illustrate this phrase, and 
show how generally this branch of superstition is received. 

According to popular psychology, the subject may be 
divided into three parts : i. Black dogs, which are really 
fiends that have assumed the form of dogs. 2. The spirits 
of evil persons, who, as part of their punishment, have been 
transformed into the appearance of dogs. 3. Evil spirits, 
that, to mimic the sports of men, or to hunt their souls, have 
assumed the form and habits of hounds. We will begin 
with the black dog apparition. 

In almost every county there is a popular belief in a 
spectral dog, which, although slightly varying in appearance 
in different parts, always bears the same general character- 
istics. It is described as large, shaggy, and black, with 
long ears and tail. It does not belong to any species of 
living dogs, but is severally said to resemble a hound, a 

^ Chambers's Book 0/ Davs, vol. iL p. 433. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 235 

setter, a terrier, or a shepherd-dog, though often larger than 
a Newfoundland. It bears different names, but is always 
alike supposed to be an evil spirit, haunting places where 
evil deeds have been done, or where some calamity may be 
expected. In the Isle of Man it is called the Mauthe Doog^ 
and, according to tradition, was accustomed to haunt Peel 
Castle, where it was seen in every room, but especially in 
the guard-chamber. Here, as soon as candles were lighted, 
it used to go and lie down before the fire, in presence of 
the soldiers, who became so accustomed to its appearance, 
that they lost much of the awe which they first felt at its 
presence. But knowing its malicious character, they never 
ventured to molest it, till one of them, in a drunken fit, 
swore that " he would try whether it were dog or devil ! " 
He made his trial, and was instantly sobered, but rendered 
speechless. He lived only three days afterwards, and then 
" died in agonies more than is common in a natural death." 
" I heard this attested," says Mr. Waldron, "by several, but 
especially by an old soldier, who assured me he had seen it 
oftener than he had then hairs on his head." Sir Walter 
Scott, in his Lay of the Last Minstrel^ thus alludes to this 
tradition : 

" For he was speechless, ghastly, wan, 
Like him, of whom the story ran, 
Who spoke the spectre-hound in Man." 

A similar story is related of a man who lived at a village 
near Aylesbury, in Buckinghamshire. This man was 
accustomed to go every morning and night to milk his cows 
in a field, which was some distance from the village. To 
shorten his walk, he often crossed over a neighbour's field, 
and passed through a gap in the hedge ; but one night, on 
approaching the gap, he found it occupied by a large, black, 



236 ENGLISH FOLK 

fierce-looking dog. He paused to examine the animal, and 
as he looked at him his fiery eyes grew larger and fiercer, 
and he had altogether such a fiend-like and " unkid " 
appearance, that he doubted whether he were "a dog or 
the bad spirit" Whichever he was, he thought he would 
be no pleasant antagonist to encounter. So he turned aside, 
and passed through a gate at the end of the field. Night 
after night he found the same dog in the gap, and turned 
aside in the same manner. One night, having fallen in 
with a companion, he returned homeward with him across 
his neighbour's field, being determined, if he found the dog 
in the gap, to make an attack upon him, and drive him 
away. On reaching the gap there stood the dog looking 
even fiercer and bigger than ever. But the milkman, wish- 
ing to appear valiant before his companion, put down his 
milk-pails, which were suspended from a yoke across his 
shoulders, and attempting to speak very bravely, thoug'a 
trembling all over, he exclaimed : " Now, you black fiend, 
I'll try what ye're made of! " He raised his yoke in both 
his hands, and struck at the dog with all his might. The 
dog vanished, and the milkman fell senseless to the ground 
He was carried home alive, but remained speechless and 
paralytic to the end of his days. 

A certain spot near the writer's residence is said to be 
haunted at midnight by "the black dog." Once, at the 
awful hour of midnight, he happened to pass the dreaded 
spot, and, sure enough, he met the black dog apparition. 
It was a light summer's night, and as he approached the 
awful apparition, he soon saw it was far too substantial " to 
try what it was made of." He knew it to be a fine black 
dog, half Newfoundland and retriever, belonging to a game- 
keeper, wlio, doubtless, was near at hand watching his 
master's preserves. It is no uncommon manoeuvre for 



AND FAIR Y TALES. 237 

poachers and such characters to give certain spots the 
reputatioii of being haunted. 

In the adjoining county of Hertford the same supersti- 
tion prevails, and the black dog apparition is still a dreaded 
bogie. Within the parish of Tring, but about three miles 
from the town, a poor old woman was, in 1751, drowned 
for suspected witchcraft. A chimney-sweep, who was the 
principal perpetrator of this atrocious deed, was hanged 
and gibbeted near the place where the murder was effected. 
While the gibbet stood, and long after it had disappeared, 
the spot was haunted by a black dog. The writer was told 
by the village schoolmaster, who had been '* abroad," that 
he himself had seen this diabolical dog. " 1 was returning 
home," said he, " late at night in a gig with the person who 
was driving. When we came near the spot where a portion 
of the gibbet had lately stood, we saw on the bank of the 
roadside, along which a ditch or narrow brook runs, a 
flame of fire as large as a man's hat. ' What's that ? ' I 
exclaimed. ' Hush ! ' said my companion, all in a 
tremble \ and, suddenly pulling in his horse, made a dead 
stop. I then saw an immense black dog lying on the road 
just in front of our horse, which also appeared trembling 
with fright. The dog was the strangest looking creature I 
ever beheld. He was as big as a Newfoundland, but very 
gaunt, shaggy, with long ears and tail, eyes like balls of fire, 
and large, long teeth, for he opened his mouth and seemed 
to grin at us. He looked more like a fiend than a dog, and 
I trembled as much as my companion. In a few minutes 
the dog disappeared, seeming to vanish like a shadow, or to 
sink into the earth, and we drove on over the spot where he 
had lain." The same canine apparition is occasionally still 
witnessed at the same place or near it. 

In Norfolk, and in some pans of Cambridgeshire, the 



238 ENGLISH FOLK 

same kind of apparition is well known to the peasantry 
by the name of "Shuck," the provincial word for shag. 
Here he is said chiefly to haunt churchyards, but other lone- 
some places are not secure from his visitations. Thus a 
dreary lane, in the parish of Overstrand, is called, from his 
frequent visits there, Shuck's Lane. The spot on which he 
has been seen, if examined soon after his disappearance, is 
found to be scorched, and strongly impregnated with the 
smell of brimstone ! 

In some districts in the county of Lancaster, this spectre- 
dog bears the names of "Trash" and "Skriker." Its 
general appearance is the same as in other parts, but its 
habits, and the object of its visits, seem somewhat different. 
It does not haunt particular spots, but appears to certain 
persons to warn them of the speedy death of some relation 
or intimate friend. Occasionally, however, it gives its 
warning, not by its appearance, but only by uttering a 
peculiar screech, from whence it is called, in the local 
dialect, Skriker. Its name, Trash, is applied to it because 
the noise made by its feet is supposed to resemble that of 
a person walking with heavy shoes along a miry, sloppy 
road. If followed, it retreats, but always with its eyes front- 
ing the pursuer, and either sinks into the earth with a 
frightful shriek, or, if the pursuer averts his eyes from it for 
a moment, it disappears he knows not how. If struck at 
with a stick or weapon, it keeps its ground, but, to the 
horror of the striker, his weapon passes as harmlessly 
through it as if it were a mere shadow. ^ 

Lyme-Regis, in Dorsetshire, has a famous story about one 

of these canine apparitions. About a mile from the town 

stands a farmhouse, which once formed part of an old 

mansion that was demolished in the parliamentary wars, 

^ Notes and Qturus. 



AND FAIRY TALES. «39 

except the small portion still existing. The sitting-room 
now used by the farmer, and also by his predecessors for 
a century or two, retains the large old-fashioned fireplace, 
with a fixed seat on each side under the capacious chimney. 
Many years ago, when the then master of the house, as his 
custom was after the daily toils were over, used to settle 
himself on one of these snug seats in the chimney corner, a 
large black dog as regularly took possession of the opposite 
one. This dog in all essentials resembled the spectre-dog 
already described. For many nights, weeks, and months 
this mysterious visitor, sitting vis-a-vis to the farmer, cast 
a gloom over his evening enjoyment. At length, as he 
received no harm from his companion, and became 
accustomed to his appearance, he began to look on him as 
one of the family circle. His neighbours, however, often 
advised him to drive away the fiend-like intruder ; but the 
farmer, not relishing a contest with him, jestingly replied : 
" Why should I ? He costs me nothing — he eats nothing, 
he drinks nothing, he interferes with no one. He is the 
quietest and frugalest creature in the house." 

One night, however, the farmer, having been drinking too 
freely with a neighbour, and excited by his taunts about the 
black dog to an unusual degree of irritation, was determined 
his courage should no more be called in question. Return- 
ing home in a rage, he no sooner saw the dog on his usual 
seat, than, seizing the poker, he rushed with it towards his 
mysterious companion. The dog, perceiving his intention, 
sprang from its seat, and ran upstairs, followed by the 
infuriated farmer. The dog fled into an attic at the top of 
the house, and just as the farmer entered the same room, he 
saw it spring from the floor, and disappear through the 
ceiling. Enraged at being thus foiled, he struck with the 
poker the ceiling where the dog had passed through, and 



240 ENGLISH FOLK 

down fell a small old-fashioned box, which, on being 
opened, was found to contain a large sum in gold and silver 
coins of Charles I.'s reign. The dog was never more seen 
within doors, but to the present day continues at midnight 
to haunt a lane which leads to this house, and which has 
long borne the name of " Dog Lane," while a small inn by 
the roadside still invites the passing stranger by the ominous 
sign of "The Black Dog," portrayed in all his spectral 
frightfulness. So late as the year 1856, a respectable 
intelligent woman told the writer that she herself had seen 
the dog-ghost. " As I was returning to Lyme," said she, 
"one night with my husband down Dog Lane, as we 
reached about the middle of it, I saw an animal about the 
size of a dog meeting us. ' What's that ? ' I said to my 
husband. ' AVhat ? ' said he, ' I see nothing.' I was so 
frightened 1 could say no more then, for the animal was 
within two or three yards of us, and had become as large as 
a young calf, but had the appearance of a black shaggy dog 
with fiery eyes, just hke the description I had heard of the 
'black dog.' He passed close by me, and made the air 
cold and dank as he passed along. Though I was 
afraid to speak, I could not help turning round to 
look after him, and I saw him growing bigger and 
bigger as he went along, till he was as high as the trees 
by the roadside, and then seeming to swell into a large 
cloud, he vanished in the air. As soon as I could speak, I 
asked my husband to look at his watch, and it was then five 
minutes past twelve. My husband said he saw nothing but 
a vapour or fog coming up from the sea." A" case of this 
kind shows how even a sensible person may become the 
victim of self-delusion J for in all practical matters this 
woman was remarkably sober-minded, intelligent, and 
iudicious ; and well educated for a person of her calling — 



AND FAIRY TALES. »4i 

that of sick-nurse, the duties of which she discharged in the 
writer's house for. several weeks to his fullest satisfaction, 
showing no symptoms of nervousness or timidity. 

The foregoing examples belong to the class of fiends who 
have assumed the appearance of dogs. We will now give a 
few instances of human spirits that, as a punishment, have 
been transformed into similar apparitions. 

Lady Howard, a Devonshire notable of the time of 
James I., was remarkable for her beauty, her wealth, her 
talents, and accomplishments. But she had many bad 
qualities. Amongst others, she was unnaturally cruel to 
her only daughter, and had a sad knack of getting rid of 
her husbands, having been married no less than four times. 
At last she died herself, and, for her misdemeanours while 
living, her spirit was transformed into a hound, and com- 
pelled to run every night, between midnight and cock- 
crowing, from the gateway of Fitz-ford, her former residence, 
to Oakhampton Park, and bring back to the place from 
whence she started a single blade of grass in her mouth; 
and this penance she is doomed to continue till every blade 
of grass is removed from the park, which she will not be 
able to effect till the end of the world. How these particu- 
lars were communicated to our fellow-living mortals we are 
not informed, and we dare not venture a conjecture. Our 
rustic psychologists have been rather more explicit in the 
following story : — 

There once lived in the hamlet of Dean Combe, Devon, 
a weaver of great fame and skill After long prosperity he 
died and was buried But the next day he appeared sitting 
at the loom in his chamber, working as diligently as when 
he was alive. His sons applied to the vicar, who accord- 
ingly went to the foot of the stairs, and heard the noise of 
the weaver's shuttle in the room above. "Knowles," he 



242 ENGLISH FOLK 

cried, "come down ; this is no place for thee." " I will," 
replied the weaver, " as soon as I have worked out my 
quill" (the quill is the shuttle full of wool). "Nay," said 
the vicar, "thou hast been long enough at thy work; come 
down at once." So when the spirit came down the vicar 
took a handful of earth from the churchyard and threw it in 
its face. And in a moment it became a black hound. 
" Follow me," said the vicar, and it followed him to the 
gate of the wood. And when they came there, " it seemed 
as if all the trees 'vn. the wood were coming together, so 
great was the wind.*' Then the vicar took a nutshell with 
a hole in it, and led the hound to the pool below the water- 
fall. "Take this shell," said he, "and when thou shalt 
have dipped out the pool with it, thou mayest rest — not 
before ! " And at midday and at midnight the hound may 
still be seen at its work.^ It is difficult to understand why 
the industrious weaver was consigned to such a hopeless 
doom. Many spectral dogs, believed to be the souls of 
wicked persons, are said to haunt the sides of rivers and 
pools, and sometimes their yelping is so dreadful, that all 
who hear thera lose their senses.^ 

Besides such apparitions of solitary dogs, whole packs of 
spectral hounds are said to be occasionally heard and seen 
in full cry in various parts of England and Wales, but 
chiefly in mountainous districts. They are everywhere 
described much in the same way, but with different names. 
In the north they are called "Gabriel's Hounds;" in 
Devon, the "Wisk," "Yesk," or "Heath Hounds;" in 
Wales, "Cwn Annwn," or "Cwn Wybir;" and in Corn- 
wall, the " Devil and his Dandy-dogs." But few have ever 
imagined that they have seen these hounds, though popular 

^ Notes and Queries ^ vol. ii. p. 515. 
* 2bid.t vol. i. p. 295. 



AND FAIRY TALES. 243 

superstition has described them as black, with fiery eyes 
and teeth, and sprinkled all over with blood. Generally, 
they are only heard, and seem to be passing swiftly along in 
the air, as if in hot pursuit of their prey ; and though not 
very high up, yet they cannot be seen, because they 
generally choose cloudy nights. Their yelping is said to 
be sometimes as loud as the note of a bloodhound, but 
sharper and more terrific. Why they have anywhere 
received the name of Gabriel's hounds appears unaccount- 
able, for they are always supposed to be evil spirits hunting 
the souls of the dead, or, by their diabolical yelping, to 
betoken the speedy death of some person. Thus Mr. 
Holland, of Sheffield, describes in the following sonnet the 
superstition as held in Yorkshire : — 

' * Oft have I heard my honoured mother say 
How she hath listened to the Gabriel Hounds ; 
Those strange unearthly and mysterious sounds 
Which on the ear through murkiest darkness fell ; 
And how, entranced by superstitious spell, 
The trembling villager not seldom heard, 
In the quaint notes of the nocturnal bird 
Of death premonished, some sick neighbour's knell. 
I, too, remember once, at midnight dark, 
How these sky-yelpers startled me, and stirred 
My fancy so, I could have then averred 
A mimic pack of beagles low did bark ! 
Nor wondered I that rustic fear should trace 
A spectral huntsman doomed to that long moonless chase." 

Wordsworth, alluding to another form of this superstition, 
similar to the German story of the Wild Huntsman, thus 

writes : — 

" He oftentimes will start, 
For overhead are sweeping Gabriel's Hounds, 

Doomed, with their impious lord, the flying hart 
To chase for ever through aerial grounds. " 



244 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

Many wild and amusing stories are told respecting these 
aerial hounds, especially in the secluded districts of Devon 
and Cornwall. The following is a specimen : — A herdsman 
was journeying homeward across the moors of Cornwall one 
windy night when he heard at a distance the baying of 
hounds, which he was not long in recognising to be the 
dismal yelp of the Devil's Dandy-dogs. He was three or 
four miles distant from his home ; and, much terrified, he 
hurried onward as fast as the treacherous nature of the soil 
and uncertainty of the path would allow ; but the melan- 
choly yelping of the hounds and the fiendish shout of the 
hunter came nearer and nearer. After a long run they 
appeared so close upon him that he could not help turning 
round to look at them. He was horror-struck, for he could 
distinctly see the hunter and his dogs. The huntsman was 
terrible to behold. He was black, had large fiery eyes, 
horns, a tail, and carried in his clawy-hand a long hunting- 
pole. The dogs, a numerous pack, blackened the ground 
as far as it could be seen, each snorting fire and yelping in 
the most frightful tone. What was the poor rustic to do ? 
No cottage was near, no rock, no tree to shelter him — 
nothing remained but to abandon himself to the fury of 
these hell-hounds. Suddenly a happy thought flashed into 
his mind. He had been told that no evil spirit can resist 
the power of prayer. He fell on his knees, and at the first 
holy words he uttered the hounds stood still, but yelped 
more dismally than ever ; and the huntsman shouted, *' Bo 
Shrove ! " which " means," says the narrator, " in the old 
language, T^e boy prays P^ The black huntsman then 
drew off his dandy-dogs, and the poor herdsman hastened 
home as fast as his trembling frame permitted.^ 
^ Notes and Queries, 



BILLY B 'S ADVENTURE.* 

" You see, sir, as how I'd been a clock-dressing at Gur- 
ston (Grassington), and I'd staid rather lat, and maybe git- 
ten a li'le sup o' spirit; but I war far from being drunk, 
and knowed everything that passed. It war about eleven 
o'clock when I left, and it war at back end o' t' year, and a 
most admirable (beautiful) neet it war. The moon war 
varra breet, and I nivver seed Kylstone-fell plainer in a' my 
life. Now, you see, sir, I war passin' down t' mill loine, and 
I heerd summut come past me — brush, brush, brush, wi' 
chains rattUng a' the while, but I seed nothing ; and thowt 
I to mysel, now this is a most mortal queer thing. And I 
then stuid still, and luik'd about me ; but I seed nothing at 
aw, nobbut the two stane wa's on each o' t* mill loine. Then 
I heerd again this brush, brush, brush, wi' the chains ; for 
you see, sir, when I stuid still it stopped, and then, thowt I, 
this mun be a Bargest, that sae much is said about ; and I 
hurried on towards t' wood brig ; for they say as how this 
Bargest cannot cross a watter; but Lord, sir, when I gat 
o'er t' brig, I heerd this same thing again ; so it mud either 
hev crossed t' watter, or have gam round by /' spring heed 
(about thirty miles) ! And then I becam a valliant man, 
for I war a bit freekn'd afore : and, thinks I, I'll turn and 
hev a peep at this thing ; so I went up Greet Bank toward? 
Linton, and heerd this brush, brush, brush, wi' the chains a* 

^ Robert Hunt, Popular Romances of the West of England^ 1st series, 
p. 315, quoting from Hone's Every-day Book. 

18 



246 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

the way, but I seed nothing; then it ceased all of a sudden. 
So I turned back to go hame ; but I'd hardly reached the 
door when I heerd again this brush, brush, brush, and the 
chains, going down towards t' Holin House ; and I followed 
it, and the moon there shone varra breet, and I seed its tail! 
Then, thowt I, thou owd thing, I can say Ise seen thee 
now ; so I'll away hame. When I gat to t' door, there war 
a grit thing like a sheep, but it war larger, ligging across 
t' threshold of t' door, and it war woolly like ; and says 1 . 
' Git up,' and it wouldn't git up. Then says I: ' Stir thysel,' 
and it wouldn't stir itsel ! And I grew vaUiant, and I raised 
t' stick to baste it wi' ; and then it luik'd at me, and sich 
oies (eyes) they did glower, and war as big as saucers, and 
like a cruelled ball. First there war a red ring, then a blue 
one, then a white one; and these rings grew less and less 
till they came to a dot I Now, I war nane feer'd on it, tho' 
it grin'd at me fearfully, and I kept on saying ' Git up,' and 
' Stir thysel,' and t' wife heerd as how I war at t' door, and 
she cam to oppen it ; and then this thing gat up and walked 
off, for it war mare freefd d f wife than it war d me ; and 
I told the wife, and she said it war Bargest; but I niwer 
seed it since — and that's a true story." 



DROLLS. 



DROLLS. 



THE WISE FOOLS OF GOTHAM.^ 

Cuckoo Bush, near Gotham, tradition says, was planted 
or set to commemorate a trick which the inhabitants of 
Gotham put upon King John. The tale is told thus: — 
King John, passing through this place towards Nottingham, 
intending to go over the meadows, was prevented by the 
villagers, they apprehending that the ground over which a 
king passed was for ever after to become a public road. 
The king, incensed at their proceedings, sent from his 
court soon after some of his servants, to inquire of them the 
reason of their incivility and ill-treatment, that he might 
punish them by way of fine, or some other way he might 
judge most proper. The villagers, hearing of the approach 
of the king's servants, thought of an expedient to turn 
away his Majesty's displeasure from them. When the 
messengers arrived at Gotham, they found some of the 
inhabitants engaged in endeavouring to drown an eel in a 
pool of water ; some were employed in dragging carts upon 
a large bam, to shade the wood from the sun ; others were 
tumbling their cheeses down a hill, that they might find 
their way to Nottingham for sale ; and some were employed 

^ Blount's Tenures of Land, edited by W. Carew Uaziitt, p. 133. 
London, 1874- 



250 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

in hedging in a cuckoo which had perched upon an old 
bush which stood where the present one now stands; in 
short, they were all employed in some foolish w^ay or other, 
which convinced the king's servants that it was a village of 
fools, whence arose the old adage, •' The wise men," or, 
"The fools of Gotham." 
The words of an humble poet may be here applicable : — 

' ' Tell me no more of Gotham fools. 
Or of their eels in little pools, 

Which they were told were drowning ; 
Nor of their cans drawn up on high, 
When King John's men were standing by, 
To keep a wood from browning. 

" Nor of their cheese shoved down the hill. 
Nor of a cuckoo sitting still, 

>\Tule it they hedgM round ; 
Such tales of them have long been told, 
By prating boobies, young and old. 

In drunken circles crowned. 

" The fools are those who thither go 
To see the cuckoo bush, I trow. 

The wood, the barn, and pools ; 
For such are seen both here and there^ 
And passed by without a sneer 

By all but errant fools." 



THE THREE WISHES.^ 

A WOODMAN went to the forest to fell some timber. Just aS 
he was applying the axe to the trunk of a huge old oak out 
jumped a fairy, who beseeched him with the most suppli- 
cating gestures to spare the tree. Moved more by fright 
and astonishment than anything else, the man consented, 
and as a reward for his forbearance was promised the 
fulfilment of his three next wishes. Whether from natural 
forgetfulness or fairy illusion we know not, but certain it 
is, that long before evening all remembrance of his visitor 
passed from his noddle. At night, when he and his dame 
were dozing before a blazing fire, the old fellow waxed 
hungry, and audibly wished for a link of hog's pudding. 
No sooner had the words escaped his lips than a rustling 
was heard in the chimney, and down came a bunch of the 
wished-for delicacies, depositing themselves at the feet of 
the astounded woodman, who, thus reminded of his 
morning visitor, began to communicate the particulars to 
his wife. "Thou bist a fool, Jan," said she, incensed at 
her husband's carelessness in neglecting to make the best 
of his good luck; "I wish em wer atte noase!" Where- 
upon, the legend goes on to state, they immediately 
attached themselves to the member in question, and stuck 

^ T. Sternberg, Thi Dialect and Fclk-Lore of Northamptonshire, 
p. I3S. 



252 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

so tight that the woodman, finding no amount of force 
would remove these unsightly appendages from his 
proboscis, was obliged, reluctantly, to wish them off, 
thus making the third wish, and at once ending his 
brilliant expectations. 



THE MILLER AT THE PROFESSOR'S 
EXAMINATION.! 

There once came to England a famous foreign professor, 
and before he came he gave notice that he would examine 
the students of all the colleges in England. After a time 
he had visited all but Cambridge, and he was on his road 
thither to examine publicly the whole university. Great 
was the bustle in Cambridge to prepare for the reception of 
the professor, and great also were the fears of the students, 
who dreaded the time when they must prove their acquire- 
ments before one so famous for his learning. As the period 
of his arrival approached their fears increased, and at last 
they determined to try some expedient which might avert 
the impending trial, and for this purpose several of the 
students were disguised in the habits of common labourers, 
and distributed in groups of two or three at convenient 
distances from each other along the road by which the 
professor was expected. 

He had in his carriage arrived at the distance of a few 
miles from Cambridge when he met the first of these groups 
of labourers, and the coachman drew up his horses to in- 
quire of them the distance. The professor was astonished 
to hear them answer in Latin, He proceeded on his way, 
and after driving about Ijalf a mile, met with another group 
of labourers at work on the road, to whom a similar ques- 
tion was put by the coachman. The professor was still 

^ Folk-Lot e Record, vol. ii. p. 173. 



254 ENGLISH FOLK 

more astonished to hear them give answer in Greek- "Ah," 
thought he, " they must be good scholars at Cambridge, 
when even the common labourers on the roads talk Latin 
and GreeL It won't do to examine them in the same way 
as other people." So all the rest of the way he was musing 
on the mode of examination he should adopt, and just as 
he reached the outskirts of the town, he came to the deter- 
mination that he would examine them by signs. As soon, 
therefore, as he had alighted from his carriage, he lost no 
time in making known this novel method of examina- 
tion. 

Now the students had never calculated on such a result 
as this from their stratagem, and they were, as might well 
be expected, sadly disappointed. There was one student in 
particular who had been studying very hard, and who was 
expected by everybody to gain the prize at the examination, 
and, as the idlest student in the university had the same 
chance of guessing the signs of the professor as himself, he 
was in very low spirits about it. When the day of examina- 
tion arrived, instead of attending it, he was walking sadly 
and mournfully by the banks of the river, near the mill, and 
it happened that the miller, who was a merry fellow, and 
used to talk with this student as he passed the mill in his 
walks, saw him, and asked him what was the matter with 
him. Then the student told him all about it, and how the 
great professor was going to examine by signs, and how he 
was afraid that he should not get through the examination. 
" Oh ! if that's all," said the miller, " don't be low about 
the matter. Did you never hear that a clown may some- 
times teach a scholar wisdom ? Only let me put on your 
clothes, with your cap and gown, and I'll go to the examina- 
tion instead of you ; and if I succeed you shall have the 
credit of it, and if I fail I will tell them who I am." "But," 



AND FAIR Y TALES, 255 

said the student, '• everybody knows that I have but one 
eye." " Never mind that," said the miller ; " I can easily put 
a black patch over one of mine." So they changed clothes, 
and the miller went to the professor's examination in the 
student's cap and gown, with a patch on his eye. 

Well, just as the miller entered the lecture-room, the 
professor had tried all the other students, and nobody 
could guess the meaning of his signs or answer his ques- 
tions. So the miller stood up, and the professor, putting 
his hand in his coat pocket, drew out an apple, and held it 
up towards him. The miller likewise put his hand in his 
pocket and drew out a crust of bread, which he in like 
manner held out towards the professor. Then the professor 
put the apple in his pocket and pointed at the miller with 
one finger : the miller in return pointed at him with two : 
the professor pointed with three ; and the miller held out 
his clenched fist. "Right!" said the professor; and he 
adjudged the prize to the miller. 

The miller made all haste to communicate these good 
tidings to his friend the student, who was waiting at the 
mill; and the student, having resumed his own clothes, 
hastened back to hear the prize given out to him. When 
he arrived at the lecture-room the professor was on his 
legs explaining to the assembled students the meaning of 
the signs which himself and the student who had gained the 
prize made use of. 

" First," said he, " I held out an apple, signifying thereby 
the fall of mankind through Adam's sin, and he very 
properly held up a piece of bread, which signified that by 
Christ, the bread of life, mankind was regenerated. Then 
I held out one finger, which meant that there is one God 
in the Trinity; he held out two fingers, signifying that 
there are two ; I held out three fingers, meaning that there 



256 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 

are three ; and he held out his clenched fist, which was as 
much as to say that the three are one." 

Well, the student who got the prize was sadly puzzled to 
think how the miller knew all this, and as soon as the 
ceremony of publishing the name of the successful can- 
didate was over he hastened to the mill, and told him all 
the professor had said. " Ah ! " said the miller, " I'll tell 
you how it was. When I went in the professor looked 
mighty fierce, and he put his hand in his pocket, and 
fumbled about for some time, and at last he pulled out 
an apple, and he held it out as though he would throw 
it at me. Then I put my hand in my pocket, and could 
find nothing but an old crust of bread, and so I held it 
out in the same way, meaning that if he threw the apple 
at me I would throw the crust at him. Then he looked 
still more fiercely, and held out his one finger, as much 
as to say he would poke my one eye out, and I held two 
fingers, meaning that if he poked out my one eye I would 
poke out his two, and then he held out three of his fingers, 
as though he would scratch my face, and I clenched my 
fist and shook it at him, meaning that if he did I would 
knock him down. And then he said I deserved the 
prize." 



STUPID'S MISTAKEN CRIES.^ 

Therk was once a little boy, and his mother sent him to 
buy a sheep's head and pluck ; afraid he should forget it, 
the lad kept saying all the way along : 

" Sheep's head and pluck ! 
Sheep's head and pluck I " 

Trudging along, he came to a stile; but in getting over 
he fell and hurt himself, and, beginning to blubber, forgot 
what he was sent for. So he stood a little while to con- 
sider ; at last he thought he recollected it, and began 
to repeat : 

" Liver and lights and gall and all 1 
Liver and lights and gall and all ! " 

Away he went again, and came to where a man was sick, 
bawling out : 

" Liver and lights and gall and all 1 
Liver and lights and gall and all I " 

Whereon the man laid hold of him and beat him, bid- 
ding him say : 

" Pray God send no more up ! 
Pray God send no more up ! " 

The youngster strode along, uttering these words, till he 
reached a field where a hind was sowing wheat : 

^ Folk-Lore Record, vol. iii. p. 153. 



258 ENGLISH FOLK 

" Pray God send no more up ! 
Pray God send no more up I " 

This was all his cry. So the sower began to thrash him, 
and charged him to repeat : 

" Pray God send plenty more I 
Pray God send plenty more ! " 

Off the child scampered with these words in his mouth 
till he reached a churchyard and met a funeral, but he 
went on with his : 

" Pray God send plenty more ! 
Pray God send plenty more 1 " 

The chief mourner seized and punished him, and bade 
him repeat : 

" Pray God send the soul to heaven S 
Pray God send the soul to heaven ! " 

Away went the boy, and met a dog and a bitcli going to be 
hung, but his cry rang out : 

" Pray God send the soul to heaven 1 
Pray God send the soul to heaven ! " 

The good folk nearly were furious, seized and struck him, 
charging him to say : 

" A dog and a bitch agoing to be hung I 
A dog and a liitch agoing to be hung ! " 

This the pocr fellow did, till he overtook a man and z 
v/oman going to be married. "Oh ! oh ! " he shouted : 



AND FAIRY TALES. 359 

" A dog and a bitch agoing to be hung ! 
A dog and a bitch agoing to be hung ! " 

The man was enraged, as we may well think, gave him 
many a thump, and ordered him to repeat : 

" I wish you much joy ! 
I wish you much joy ! " 

This he did, jogging along, till he came to two labourers 
who had fallen into a ditch. The lad kept bawling out : 

" I wish you much joy ! 
I wish you much joy 1" 

This vexed one of the folk so sorely that he used all his 
strength, scrambled out, beat the crier, and told him to say: 

" The one is out, I wish the other was ! 
The one is out, I wish the other was ! " 

On went young 'un till he found a fellow with only one eyej 
but he kept up his song : 

" The one is out, I wish the other was ! 
The one is out, I wish the other was !" 

This was too much for Master One-eye, who grabbed him 
and chastised him, bidding him call : 

" The one side gives good light, I wish the other did ! 
Tlie one side gives good light, 1 wish the other did I " 

So he did, to be sure, till he came to a house, one side of 
which was on fire. The people here thought it was he who 
had set the place a-blozing, and straightway put him in 
prison. The end was, the judge put on his black cap, and 
condemned him to die. 



THE THREE SILLIES.^ 

Once upon a time there was a farmer and his wife who 
had one daughter, and she was courted by a gentleman. 
Every evening he used to come and see her, and stop 
to supper at the farmhouse, and the daughter used to be 
sent down into the cellar to draw the beer for supper. 
So one evening she was gone down to draw the beer, and 
she happened to look up at the ceiling while she was 
drawing, and she saw an axe stuck into one of the beams.^ 
It must have been there a long, long time, but somehow or 
other she had never noticed it before, and she began 
a-thinking. And she thought it was very dangerous to 
have that axe there, for she said to herself: " Suppose him 
and me was to be married, and we was to have a son, and 
he was to grow up to be a man, and come down into the 
cellar to draw the beer, like as I'm doing now, and the axe 
was to fall on his head and kill him, what a dreadful thing 
it would be ! " And she put down the candle and the jug, 
and sat herself down and began a-crying. 

Well, they began to wonder upstairs how it was that she 
was so long drawing the beer, and her mother went down 
to see after her, and she found her sitting on the setluss 

^ Folk-Lore Journal, vol. ii. p. 40. 

^ Miss Burne, who collected this story, informs me that she finds 
the dangerous tool was, not an axe, but " a great big wooden mallet, 
as some one had left sticking there when they'd been m/tiing-up the 
beer," i.e., stopping up the barrels. 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIRY TALES. 261 

crying, and the beer running over the floor. " Why what- 
ever is the matter ? " said her mother. " Oh, mother ! " 
says she, " look at that horrid axe ! Suppose we was to be 
married, and was to have a son, and he was to grow up, and 
was to come down to the cellar to draw the beer, and the 
axe was to fall on his head and kill him, what a dreadful 
thing it would be ! " " Dear, dear 1 what a dreadful thing 
it would be ! " said the mother, and she sat her down aside 
of the daughter and started a-crying too. Then after a 
bit the father began to wonder that they didn't come back, 
and he went down into the cellar to look after them him- 
self, and there they two sat a-crying, and the beer running 
all over the floor. "Whatever is the matter?" says he. 
" Why," says the mother, " look at that horrid axe. Just 
suppose, if our daughter and her sweetheart was to be 
married, and was to have a son, and he was to grow up, 
and was to come down into the cellar to draw the beer, and 
the axe was to fall on his head and kill him, what a dread- 
ful thing it would be ! " " Dear, dear, dear ! so it would ! " 
said the father, and he sat himself down aside of the other 
two, and started a-crying. 

Now the gentleman got tired of stopping up in the 
kitchen by himself, and at last he went down into the cellar 
too, to see what they were after ; and there they three sat 
a-crying side by side, and the beer running all over the 
floor. And he ran straight and turned the tap. Then he 
said : " Whatever are you three doing, sitting there crying, 
and letting the beer run all over the floor ? " " Oh I " says 
the father, " look at that horrid axe ! Suppose you and 
our daughter was to be married, and was to have a son, and 
he was to grow up, and was to come down into the cellar to 
draw the beer, and the axe was to fall on his head and kill 
him!" And then they all started a-crying worse than 

19 



262 ENGLISH FOLK 

before. But the gentleman burst out a-laughing, and 
reached up and pulled out the axe, and then he said: " I've 
travelled many miles, and I never met three such big sillies 
as you three before; and now I shall start out on my 
travels again, and when I can find three bigger sillies than 
you three, then I'll come back and marry your daughter." 
So he wished them good-bye, and started off on his travels, 
and left them all crying because the girl had lost her 
sweetheart 

Well, he set out, and he travelled a long way, and at last 
he came to an old woman's cottage that had some grass 
growing on the roof. And the old woman was trying to 
get her cow to go up a ladder to the grass, and the poor 
thing durst not go. So the gentleman asked the old woman 
what she was doing. "Why, lookye," she said, "look at 
all that beautiful grass. I'm going to get the cow on to the 
roof to eat it. She'll be quite safe, for I shall tie a string 
round her neck, and pass it down the chimney, and tie it to 
my wrist as I go about the house, so she can't fall off 
without my knowing it." " Oh, you poor old silly ! " said 
the gentleman, "you should cut the grass and throw it 
down to the cow I " But the old woman thought it was 
easier to get the cow up the ladder than to get the grass 
down, so she pushed her and coaxed her and got her up, 
and tied a string round her neck, and passed it down the 
chimney, and fastened it to her own wrist. And the gentle- 
man went on his way, but he hadn't gone far when the cow 
tumbled off the roof, and hung by the string tied round her 
neck, and it strangled her. And the weight of the cow 
tied to her wrist pulled the old woman up the chimney, 
and she stuck fast half-way, and was smothered in the soot. 

Well, that was one big silly. 

And the gentleman went on and on, and he went to an 



AND FAIRY TALES. 263 

inn to stop the night, and they were so full at the inn that 
they had to put him in a double-bedded room, and another 
traveller was to sleep in the other bed. The other man was a 
very pleasant fellow, and they got very friendly together; but 
in the morning, when they were both getting up, the gentle- 
man was surprised to see the other hang his trousers on the 
knobs of the chest of drawers and run across the room and try 
to jump into them, and he tried over and over again, and 
couldn't manage it ; and the gentleman wondered whatever 
he was doing it for. At last he stopped and wiped his 
face with his handkerchief. " Oh dear," he says, "I do think 
trousers are the most awkwardest kind of clothes that ever 
were. I can't think who could have invented such things. 
It takes me the best part of an hour to get into mine 
every morning, and I get so hot ! How do you manage 
yours?" So the gentleman burst out a-laughing, and 
showed him how to put them on ; and he was very much 
obliged to him, and said he never should have thought 
of doing it that way. So that was another big silly. 

Then the gentleman went on his travels again ; and he 
came to a village, and outside the village there was a pond, 
and round the pond was a crowd of people. And they 
had got rakes, and brooms, and pikels (pitchforks), reaching 
into the pond ; and the gentleman asked what was the 
matter. "Why," they says, "matter enough! Moon's 
tumbled into the pond, and we can't get her out any- 
how ! " So the gentleman burst out a-laughing, and told 
them to look up into the sky, and that it was only the 
shadow in the water. But they wouldn't listen to him, 
and abused him shamefully, and he got away as quick 
as he could. ^ 

^ Miss Burne writes to me as follows : — " I find my sister-in-law, 
also a Staffordshire woman, knew the story when a child, with the 



264 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES, 

So there was a whole lot of sillies bigger than them all, 
and the gentleman turned back home again and married 
the farmer's daughter. 

variation of an old woman weeding by candlelight at noonday, instead 
of the moonrakers." The story has many variants ; but I know of 
none better told than this. 



MR. VINEGAR.1 

Mr. and Mrs. Vinegar lived in a vinegar bottle. Now, one 
day, when Mr. Vinegar was from home, Mrs. Vinegar, who 
was a very good housewife, was busily sweeping her house, 
when an unlucky thump of the broom brought the whole 
house clitter-clatter, clitter-clatter, about her ears. In a 
paroxysm of grief she rushed forth to meet her husband. 
On seeing him she exclaimed, " Oh, Mr. Vinegar, Mr. 
Vinegar, we are ruined, we are ruined : I have knocked the 
house down, and it is all to pieces ! " Mr. Vinegar then 
said: "My dear, let us see what can be done. Here is the 
door; I will take it on my back, and we will go forth to 
seek our fortune." They walked all that day, and at night- 
fall entered a thick forest They were both excessively 
tired, and Mr. Vinegar said: " My love, I will cHmb up into 
a tree, drag up the door, and you shall follow." He accord- 
ingly did so, and they both stretched their weary limbs on 
the door, and fell fast asleep. In the middle of the night 
Mr. Vinegar was disturbed by the sound of voices beneath, 
and to his inexpressible dismay perceived that a party of 
thieves were met to divide their booty. " Here, Jack," 
said one, " here's five pounds for you j here. Bill, here's ten 
pounds for you; here. Bob, here's three pounds for you." 
Mr. Vinegar could listen no longer; his terror was so 
intense that he trembled most violently, and shook down 
the door on their heads. Away scampered the thieves, but 
^ J. O. Halliwell, Popular Rhynus and Nursery Tales, p. 26. 



266 ENGLISH FOLK 

Mr. Vinegar dared nor quit his retreat till broad daylight 
He then scrambled out of the tree, and went to lift up the 
door. What did he behold but a number of golden guineas. 
" Come down, Mrs. Vinegar," he cried ; "come down, I say; 
our fortune's made, our fortune's made ! Come down, I say." 
Mrs. Vinegar got down as fast as she could, and saw the 
money with equal delight. " Now, my dear," said she, 
" 111 tell you what you shall do. There is a fair at the 
neighbouring town ; you shall take these forty guineas and 
buy a cow. I can make butter and cheese, which you shall 
sell at market, and we shall then be able to live very com- 
fortably." Mr. Vinegar joyfully assents, takes the money, 
and goes oflf to the fair. When he arrived, he walked up 
and down, and at length saw a beautiful red cow. It was 
an excellent milker, and perfect in every respect. " Oh," 
thought Mr. Vinegar, " if I had but that cow, I should be 
the happiest man alive." So he offers the forty guineas for 
the cow, and the owner declaring that, as he was a friend, 
he'd oblige him, the bargain was made. Proud of his 
purchase, he drove the cow backwards and forwards to 
show it By-and-by he saw a man playing the bagpipes — 
Tweedle-dum, tweedle-dee. The children followed him 
about, and he appeared to be pocketing money on all sides. 
"Well," thought Mr. Vinegar, "if I had but that beautiful 
instrument, I should be the happiest man alive — my fortune 
would be made." So he went up to the man. " Friend," says 
he, " what a beautiful instrument that is, and what a deal of 
money you must make." "Why, yes," said the man, "I 
make a great deal of money, to be sure, and it is a wonderful 
instrument" "Oh!" cried Mr. Vinegar, "how I should 
like to possess it ! " " Well," said the man, "as you are a 
friend, I don't much mind parting with it ; you shall have 
it for that red cow." " Done ! " said the delighted Mr. 



AND FAIRY TALES. 267 

Vinegar. So the beautiful red cow was given for the bag- 
pipes. He walked up and down with his purchase; but in 
vain he attempted to play a tune, and instead of pocketing 
pence, the boys followed him hooting, laughing, and 
pelting. 

Poor Mr. Vinegar, his fingers grew very cold, and heartily 
ashamed and mortified, he was leaving the town, when he 
met a man with a fine thick pair of gloves. "Oh, my 
fingers are so very cold," said Mr. Vinegar to himself. " If 
I had but those beautiful gloves I should be the happiest 
man alive." He went up to the man, and said to him : 
" Friend, you seem to have a capital pair of gloves there." 
" Yes, truly," cried the man ; " and my hands are as warm 
as possible this cold November day." " Well," said Mr. 
Vinegar, ** I should like to have them." " What will you 
give ? " said the man ; " as you are a friend, I don't much 
mind letting you have them for those bagpipes." "Done !" 
cried Mr. Vinegar. He put on the gloves, and felt perfectly 
happy as he trudged homewards. 

At last he grew very tired, when he saw a man coming 
towards him with a good stout stick in his hand. 

" Oh," said Mr. Vinegar, " that I had but that stick ! I 
should then be the happiest man alive." He accosted the 
man : " Friend ! what a rare good stick you have got." 
" Yes," said the man ; " I have used it for many a long 
mile, and a good friend it has been ; but if you have a 
fancy for it, as you are a friend, I don't mind giving it to 
you for that pair of gloves." Mr. Vinegar's hands were so 
warm, and his legs so tired, that he gladly exchanged. As 
he drew near to the wood where he had left his wife, he 
heard a parrot on a tree calling out his name : " Mr. 
Vinegar, you foolish man, you blockhead, you simpleton ; 
you went to the fair, and laid out all your money in buying 



268 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

a cow. Not content with that, you changed it for bagpipes, 
on which you could not play, and which were not worth 
one-tenth of the money. You fool, you — you had no 
sooner got the bagpipes than you changed them for the 
gloves, which were not worth one-quarter of the money; 
and when you had got the gloves, you changed them for a 
poor miserable stick ; and now for your forty guineas, cow, 
bagpipes, and gloves, you have nothing to show but that 
poor miserable stick, which you might have cut in any 
hedge." On this the bird laughed immoderately, and Mr. 
Vinegar, falling into a violent rage, threw the stick at its 
head. The stick lodged in the tree, and he returned to his 
wife without money, cow, bagpipes, gloves, or stick, and she 
instantly gave him such a sound cudgelling that she almost 
broke every bone in his skin. 



LAZY JACK.1 

Once upon a time there was a boy whose name was Jack, 
and he lived with his mother on a dreary common. They 
were very poor, and the old woman got her living by 
spinning, but Jack was so lazy that he would do nothing 
but bask in the sun in the hot weather, and sit by the 
corner of the hearth in the winter time. His mother could 
not persuade him to do anything for her, and was obliged 
at last to tell him that if he did not begin to work for his 
porridge she would turn him out to get his living as he 
could. 

This threat at length roused Jack, and he went out and 
hired himself for the day to a neighbouring farmer for a 
penny ; but as he was coming home, never having had any 
money in his possession before, he lost it in passing over a 
brook. "You stupid boy," said his mother, "you should 
have put it in your pocket." "ru do so another time," 
replied Jack. 

The next day Jack went out again and hired himself to a 
cowkeeper, who gave him a jar of milk for his day's work. 
Jack took the jar and put it into the large pocket of his 
jacket, spilling it all long before he got home. "Dear 
me ! " said the old woman ; " you should have carried it 
on your head." " I'll do so another time," said Jack. 

The following day Jack hired himself again to a farmer, 
who agreed to give him a cream cheese for his services. 

* J. O. IlalliweH, Popular Rkymts and Nursery Tales, p. 37. 



270 ENGLISH FOLK 

In the evening Jack took the cheese, and went home with 
it on his head. By the time he got home the cheese was 
completely spoilt, part of it being lost, and part matted wiih 
his hair. "You stupid lout," said his mother, "you should 
have carried it very carefully in your hands." " I'll do so 
another time," replied Jack. 

The day after this Jack again went out, and hired himself 
to a baker, who would give him nothing for his work but a 
large tom-cat. Jack took the cat, and began carrying it 
very carefully in his hands, but in a short time pussy 
scratched him so much that he was compelled to let it go. 
When he got home, his mother said to him: "You silly 
fellow, you should have tied it with a string, and dragged it 
along after you." " I'll do so another time," said Jack. 

The next day Jack hired himself to a butcher, who 
rewarded his labours by the handsome present of a shoulder 
of mutton. Jack took the mutton, tied it to a string, and 
trailed it along after him in the dirt, so that by the time he 
had got home the meat was completely spoilt. His mother 
was this time quite out of patience with him, for the next 
day was Sunday, and she was obliged to content herself 
with cabbage for her dinner. *' You ninney-hammer," said 
she to her son, "you should have carried it on your 
shoulder." " I'll do so another time," replied Jack. 

On the Monday Jack went once more, and hired himself 
to a cattle-keeper, who gave him a donkey for his trouble. 
Although Jack was very strong, he found some difficulty in 
hoisting the donkey on his shoulders, but at last he 
accomplished it, and began walking slowly home with his 
prize. Now it happened that in the course of his journey 
there lived a rich man with his only daughter, a beautiful 
girl, but unfortunately deaf and dumb ; she had never 
laughed in her life, and the doctors said she would never 



AND FAIRY TALES. 271 

recover till somebody made her laugh. This young lady 
happened to be looking out of the window when Jack was 
passing with the donkey on his shoulders, the legs sticking 
up in the air, and the sight was so comical and strange that 
she burst out into a great fit of laughter, and immediately 
recovered her speech and hearing. Her father was over- 
joyed, and fulfilled his promise by marrying her to Jack, 
who was thus made a rich gentleman. They lived in a 
large house, and Jack's mother lived with them in great 
happiness until she died. 



THE HISTORY OF TOM THUMB.i 

It is said that in the days of the celebrated Prince Arthur, 
who was king of Britain in the year 516, there lived a great 
magician, called Merlin, the most learned and skilful 
enchanter in the world at that time. 

This famous magician, who could assume cOiy form he 
pleased, was travelling in the disguise of a poor beggar, and 
being very much fatigued, he stopped at the cottage of an 
honest ploughman to rest himself, and asked for some 
refreshment. 

The countryman gave him a hearty welcome, and his 
wife, who was a very good-hearted, hospitable woman, soon 
brought him some milk in a wooden bowl, and some coarse 
brown bread on a platter. 

Merlin was much pleased with this homely repast and 
the kindness of the ploughman and his wife ; but he could 
not help observing that though everything was neat and 
comfortable in the cottage, they seemed both to be very 
dispirited and unhappy. He therefore questioned them on 
the cause of their melancholy, and learned that they were 
miserable because they had no children. 

The poor woman declared, with tears in her eyes, that 
she should be the happiest creature in the world if she had 
a son ; and although he was no bigger than her husband's 
thumb, she would be satisfied. 

* From a Chap-book — The Comical and Merry Tricks 0/ Tom 
Thumb. Paisley {circa 1S20). 



ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 273 

Merlin was so much amused with the idea of a boy no 
bigger than a man's thumb, that he determined to pay a 
visit to the queen of the fairies, and request her to gratify 
the poor woman's wish. The droll fancy of such a little 
personage among the human race pleased the fairy queen 
too, exceedingly, and she prom.ised Merlin that the wish 
should be granted. Accordingly, in a short time after, 
the ploughman's wife was safely delivered of a son, who, 
wonderful to relate ! was not a bit bigger than his father's 
thumb. 

The fairy queen, wishing to see the little fellow thus bom 
into the world, came in at the window while the mother was 
sitting up in the bed admiring him. The queen kissed the 
child, and, giving it the name of Tom Thumb, sent for some 
of the fairies, who dressed her little favourite according to 
the instructions she gave them : 

" An oak-leaf hat he had for his crown ; 
His shirt of web by spiders spun ; 
With jacket wove of thistle's down ; 
His trowsers were of feathers done. 
His stockings, of apple-rind, they tie 
With eyelash from his mother's eye : 
His shoes were made of mouse's skin, 
Tann'd with the downy hair within." 

It is remarkable that Tom never grew any larger than 
his father's thumb, which was only of an ordinary size; 
but as he got older he became very cunning and full of 
tricks. When he was old enough to play with the boys, 
and had lost all his own cherry-stones, he used to creep 
into the bags of his playfellows, fill his pockets, and, getting 
out unobserved, would again join in the game. 

One day, however, as he was coming out of a bag of 
cherry-stones, where he had been pilfering as usual, the 



274 ENGLISH FOLK 

boy to whom it belonged chanced to see him. " Ah, ha ! 
my little Tommy," said the boy, "so I have caught you 
stealing my cherry-stones at last, and you shall be rewarded 
for your thievish tricks." On saying this, he drew the 
string tight round his neck, and gave the bag such a hearty 
shake, that poor little Tom's legs, thighs, and body were 
sadly bruised. He roared out with pain, and begged to be 
let out, promising never to be guilty of such bad practices 
again. 

A short time afterwards his mother was making a batter- 
pudding, and Tom, being very anxious to see how it was 
made, climbed up to the edge of the bowl ; but unfortunately 
his foot slipped, and he plumped over head and ears into 
the batter, unobserved by his mother, who stirred him into 
the pudding-bag, and put him in the pot to boil. 

The batter had filled Tom's mouth, and prevented him 
from crying ; but, on feeling the hot water, he kicked and 
struggled so much in the pot, that his mother thought that 
the pudding was bewitched, and, instantly pulling it out of 
the pot, she threw it to the door. A poor tinker, who was 
passing by, lifted up the pudding, and, putting it into his 
budget, he then walked off. As Tom had now got his 
mouth cleared of the batter, he then began to cry aloud, 
which so frightened the tinker that he flung down the 
pudding and ran away. The pudding being broke to pieces 
by the fall, Tom crept out covered over with the batter, 
and with difliculty walked home. His mother, who was 
very sorry to see her darling in such a woful state, put him 
into a tea-cup, and soon washed off the batter ; after which 
she kissed him, and laid him in bed. 

Soon after the adventure of the pudding, Tom's mother 
went to milk her cow in the meadow, and she took him 
along with her. As the w^ind was very high, for fear of 



AND FAIRY TALES. 275 

being blown away, she tied him to a thistle with a piece of 
fine thread. The cow soon observed the oak-leaf hat, and, 
liking the appearance of it, took poor Tom and the thistle 
at one mouthful. While the cow was chewing the thistle 
Tom was afraid of her great teeth, which threatened to 
crush him in pieces, and he roared out as loud as he could : 
" Mother, mother ! " 

"Where are you. Tommy, my dear Tommy?" said his 
mother. 

" Here, mother," replied he, " in the red cow's mouth." 

His mother began to cry and wring her hands ; but the 
cow, surprised at the odd noise in her throat, opened her 
mouth and let Tom drop out. Fortunately his mother 
caught him in her apron as he was falling to the ground, or 
he would have been dreadfully hurt. She then put Tom in 
her bosom and ran home with him. 

Tom's father made him a whip of a barley straw to drive 
the cattle with, and having one day gone into the fields, he 
slipped a foot and rolled into the furrow. A raven, which 
was flying over, picked him up, and flew with him to the 
top of a giant's castle that was near the sea-side, and there 
left him. 

Tom was in a dreadful state, and did not know what 
to do ; but he was soon more dreadfully frightened ; for old 
Grumbo the giant came up to walk on the terrace, and 
observing Tom, he took him up and swallowed him like a 
pill. 

The giant had no sooner swallowed Tom than he began 
to repent what he had done ; for Tom began to kick and 
jump about so much that he felt very uncomfortable, and 
at last threw him up again into the sea. A large fish 
swallowed Tom the moment he fell into the sea, which 
was soon after caught, and bought for the table of King 



276 ENGLISH FOLK 

Arthur. When they opened the fish in order to cook it, 
every one was astonished at finding such a httle boy, and 
Tom was quite delighted at regaining his hberty. They 
carried him to the king, who made Tom his dwarf, and he 
soon grew a great favourite at court ; for by his tricks and 
gambols he not only amused the king and queen, but also 
all the knights of the Round Table. 

It is said that when the king rode out on horseback, he 
frequently took Tom along with him, and if a shower came 
on, he used to creep into his majesty's waistcoat pocket, 
v/here he slept till the rain was over. 

King Arthur one day interrogated Tom about his parents, 
wishing to know if they were as small as he was, and what 
circumstances they were in. Tom told the king that his 
father and mother were as tall as any of the persons about 
court, but in rather poor circumstances. On hearing this, 
the king carried Tom to his treasury, the place where he 
kept all his money, and told him to take as much money ai 
he could carry home to his parents, which made the poor 
little fellow caper with joy. Tom went immediately to 
procure a purse, which was made of a water-bubble, and 
then returned to the treasury, where he received a silver 
threepenny-piece to put into it. 

Our little hero had some difficulty in lifting the burden 
upon his back ; but he at last succeeded in getting it placed 
to his mind, and set forward on his journey. However, 
without meeting with any accident, and after resting himself 
more than a hundred times by the way, in two days and two 
nights he reached his father's house in safety. 

Tom had travelled fortj'-eight hours with a huge silver- 
piece on his back, and was almost tired to death, when his 
mother ran out to meet him. and carried him into the 
house. 



AND FAIRY TALES. 277 

Tom's parents were both happy to see him, and the more 
so as he had brought such an amazing sum of money with 
him ; but the poor little fellow was excessively wearied, 
having travelled half a mile in forty-eight hours, with a huge 
silver threepenny-piece on his back. His mother, in order 
to recover him from the fatigue he had undergone, placed 
him in a walnut shell by the fireside, and feasted him for 
three days on a hazel-nut, which made him very sick ; for 
a whole nut used to serve him a month. 

Tom soon recovered; but as there had been a fall of 
rain, and the ground very wet, he could not travel back to 
King Arthur's court; therefore his mother, one day when 
the wind was blowing in that direction, made a little parasol 
of cambric paper, and tying Tom to it, she gave him a puflf 
into the air with her mouth, which soon carried him to the 
king's palace. The king, queen, and all the nobility were 
happy to see Tom again at court, where he delighted them 
by his dexterity at tilts and tournaments ; but his exertions 
to please them cost him very dear, and brought on such a 
severe fit of illness that his life was despaired of. 

However, the queen of the fairies, hearing of his indis- 
position, came to court in a chariot drawn by flying mice, 
and placing Tom by her side, drove through the air without 
stopping till they arrived at her palace. After restoring 
him to health, and permitting him to enjoy all the gay 
diversion of Fairy-land, the queen commanded a strong 
current of air to arise, on which she placed Tom, who 
floated upon it like a cork in the water, and sent him 
instantly to the royal palace of King Arthur. 

Just at the time when Tom came flying across the court- 
yard of the palace, the cook happened to be passing with 
the king's great bowl of furmenty, which was a dish his 
majesty was very fond of; but unfortunately the poor little 

20 



278 ENGLISH FOLK 

fellow fell plump into the middle of it, and splashed the 
hot furmenty about the cook's face. 

The cook, who was an ill-natured fello^i), being in a 
terrible rage at Tom for frightening and scalding him with 
the furmenty, went straight to the king, and represented 
that Tom had jumped into the royal furmenty, and thrown 
it down out of mere mischief. The king was so enraged 
when he heard this, that he ordered Tom to be seized and 
tried for high treason; and there being no person who 
dared to plead for him, he was condemned to be beheaded 
immediately. 

On hearing this dreadful sentence pronounced, poor 
Tom fell a-trembling with fear, but, seeing no means of 
escape, and observing a miller close to him gaping with 
his great mouth, as country boobies do at a fair, he 
took a leap, and fairly jumped down his throat This 
exploit was done with such activity that not one person 
present saw it, and even the miller did not know the trick 
which Tom had played upon him. Now, as Tom had 
disappeared, the court broke up, and the miller went home 
to his mill. 

When Tom heard the mill at work, he knew he was clear 
of the court, and therefore he began to tumble and roll 
about, so that the poor miller could get no rest, thinking he 
was bewitched i so he sent for a doctor. When the doctor 
came, Tom began to dance and sing ; and the doctor, being 
as much frightened as the miller, sent in haste for five other 
doctors and twenty learned men. 

When they were debating upon the cause of this extra- 
ordinary occurrence, the miller happened to yawn, when 
Tom, embracing the opportunity, made another jump, and 
alighted safely upon his feet on the middle of the table. 

The miller, who was very much provoked at being 



AND FAIRY TALES. 279 

tormented by such a little pigmy creature, fell into a terrible 
rage, and, laying hold of Tom, he then opened the window, 
and threw him into the river. At the moment the miller 
let Tom drop a large salmon swimming along at the time 
saw him fall, and snapped him up in a minute. A fisher- 
man caught the salmon, and sold it in the market to the 
steward of a great lord. The nobleman, on seeing the fish, 
thought it so uncommonly fine that he made a present of 
it to King Arthur, who ordered it to be dressed immediately. 
When the cook cut open the fish, he found poor Tom, and 
ran to the king with him ; but his majesty, being engaged 
with state affairs, ordered him to be taken away, and kept 
in custody till he sent for him. 

The cook was determined that Tom should not slip out 
of his hands this time, so he put him into a mouse-trap, and 
left him to peep through the wires. Tom had remained in 
the trap a whole week, when he was sent for by King 
Arthur, who pardoned him for throwing down the furmenty, 
and took him again into favour. On account of his wonder- 
ful feats of activity, Tom was knighted by the king, and 
went under the name of the renowned Sir Thomas Thumb. 
As Tom's clothes had suffered much in the batter-pudding, 
the furmenty, and the insides of the giant, miller, and fishes, 
his majesty ordered him a new suit of clothes, and to be 
mounted as a knight. 

" Of Butterfly's wngs his shirt was made, 

His boots of chicken's hide ; 
And by a nimble fairy blade, 
Well learned in the tailoring trade. 

His clothing was supplied. — 
A needle dangled by his side ; 
A dapper mouse he used to ride, 
Thus strutted Tom in stately pride I " 



28o ENGLISH FOLK 

It was certainly very diverting to see Tom in this dress, 
and mounted on the mouse, as he rode out a-hunting with 
the king and nobility, who were all ready to expire with 
laughter at Tom and his jfine prancing charger. 

One day, as they were riding by a farmhouse, a large cat, 
which was lurking about the door, made a spring, and 
seized both Tom and his mouse. She then ran up a 
tree with them, and was beginning to devour the mouse; 
but Tom boldly drew his sword, and attacked the cat so 
fiercely that she let them both fall, when one of the nobles 
caught him in his hat, and laid him on a bed of down, in a 
little ivory cabinet. 

The queen of the fairies came soon after to pay Tom a 
visit, and carried him back to Fairy-land, where he 
remained several years. During his residence there, King 
Arthur, and all the persons who knew Tom, had died ; and 
as he was desirous of being again at court, the fairy queen, 
after dressing him in a suit of clothes, sent him flying 
through the air to the palace, in the days of King Thunstone, 
the successor of Arthur. Every one flocked round to see 
him, and being carried to the king, he was asked who he 
was — whence he came — and where he lived? Tom 
answered : 

" My name is Tom Thumb, 
From the fairies I've come. 
"When King Arthur shone, 
This court was my home. 
In me he delighted, 
By him I was knighted ; 
Did you never hear of Sir Thomas Thumb? " 

The king was so charmed with this address that he 
ordered a little chair to be made, in order that Tom might 
sit upon his table, and also a palace of gold, a span high, 



AND FAIRY TALES. 281 

with a door an inch wide, to live in. He also gave him a 
coach, drawn by six small mice. 

The queen was so enraged at the honours conferred on 
Sir Thomas that she resolved to ruin him, and told the 
king that the little knight had been saucy to her. 

The king sent for Tom in great haste, but being fully 
aware of the danger of royal anger, he crept into an empty 
snail-shell, where he lay for a considerable time, until he 
was almost starved with hunger ; but at last he ventured to 
peep out, and perceiving a fine large butterfly on the 
ground, near the place of his concealment, he approached 
very cautiously, and getting himself placed astride on it, 
was immediately carried up into the air. The butterfly 
flew with him from tree to tree and from field to field, and 
at last returned to the court, where the king and nobility all 
strove to catch him ; but at last poor Tom fell from his 
seat into a watering-pot, in which he was almost drowned. 

When the queen saw him she was in a rage, and said he 
should be beheaded ; and he was again put into a mouse- 
trap until the time of his execution. 

However, a cat, observing something alive in the trap, 
patted it about till the wires broke, and set Thomas at 
liberty. 

The king received Tom again into favour, which he did' 
not live to enjoy, for a large spider one day attacked him ; 
and although he drew his sword and fought well, yet the 
spider's poisonous breath at last overcame him ; 

" He fell dead on the ground where he stood, 
And the spider suck'd every drop of his blood." 

King Thunstone and his whole court were so sorry at the 
loss of their little favourite, that they went into moiu-ning, 



282 ENGLISH FOLK AND FAIR Y TALES. 

and raised a fine white marble monument over his grave. 
v»rith the following epitaph : 

" Here lyes Tom Thumb, King Arthur's knight, 
Who died by a spider's cruel bite. 
He was well known in Arthur's court. 
Where he afforded gallant sport ; 
He rode at tilt and tournament, 
And on a mouse a-hunling went. 
Alive he filled the court with mirth ; 
His death to sorrow soon gave birth. 
Wipe, wipe your eyes, and shake your head 
And cry, — Alas ! Tom Thumb is dead I " 



tilE WALTER SCOTT FUBLISHIMC CO., LIMITED, Fl;LLI^■C■ON-TY^•E. 

4-06 



Great Writers 

A NEW SERIES OF CRITICAL BIOGRAPHIES. 

Edited by ERIC ROBERTSON and FRANK T. MARZIALS. 

A Complete Bibliography to each Vohime, by J. P. Anderson, British 
Museum, London. 

Cloth, Uncut Edges, Gilt Top. Price i*. W. 
VOLUMES ALREADY ISSUED. 
LIFE OF LONGFELLOW. By Professor Eric S. Robertson. 
LIFE OF COI.KRIDGE. By Hall Caine. 
LIFK OF DICKENS. By Frank T. Marzials. 
LIFE OF DAME GABRIEL ROSSETTI. By J Knight. 
LIFE OF SA.MUEL JOHNSON. By Colonel F. Grant. 
LIFE OF DARWIN. By G. T. Bettany. 
LIFE OF CHARLOTTE BRONTE. By A. Birrf.ii.. 
LIFE OF THOMAS CARLYLE. By R. Garnett, LI„D. 
LIFE OF ADAM SMITH. By R. B. Haldane, M.P. 
LIFE OF KEATS. By W. M. Rossetti. 
LIFE OF SHELLEY. By William Sharp. 
LIFE OF SMOLLETT. By David Hannay. 
LIFE OF GOLDSMITH. By Austin Dobson. 
LIFE OF SCOTT. By Professor Yonge. 
LIFE OF BURNS. By Professor Blackie. 
LIFE OF VICTOR HUGO. By Frank T. Marziai..'!, 
LIFE OF EMER.SON. By Richard Garnett, LL.i). 
LIFE OF GOETHE. By James Sime. 
LIFE OF CONGREVE. By Edmund Gosse. 
LIFE OF BUNY.\N. By Canon Venables. 
LIFE OF CRABBE. By T. E. Kebbel. 
LIFE OF HEINE. By William Sharp 
LIFE OF MILL. By W. L. Courtnev. 
LIFE OF SCHILLER. Bv Henry W. Nevinsom 
LIFE OF CAPTAIN MARRYAT. By David Hannay. 
LIFE OF LESSING. By T. W. Rolleston. 
LIFE OF MILTON. By R. Garnett, LL.D. 
LIFE OF BALZAC. By Frederick Wedmore. 
LIFE OF GEORGE ELIOT. By Oscar Browning. 
LIFE OF JANE AUSTEN. By Goi.dwin Smith. 
LIFE OF BROWNING. By William Sharp. 
LIFE OF BYRON. By Hon. Roden Noel. 
LIFE OF HAWTHORNE. By Moncure D. Conway. 
LIFE OF SCHOPENHAUER. By Profe sor Wallace. 
LIFE OF SHERIDAN. By Lloyd Sanders. 
LIFE OF THACKERAY. By Herman Merivai.e and Frank T. 

Marzials. 
LIFE OF CERVANTES. By H. E. Watts. 
LIFE OF VOLTAIRE. By Francis Espinasse 
LIFE OF LEIGH HUNT. Bv Cosmo .Monkhouse. 
LIFE OK WHITTIER. By \V. J Linton. 
LIFE OF RKNAN. By Francis Espinasse. 
LIFE OF TIIOKEAU. By H. S. Salt. 



LIBRARY EDITION OF 'GREAT WRITERS," Demy 8vo, is. Cd. 

THE WALTER SCOTT PUBLISHING CO., LTD., 
LONDON AND FELLING-ON TVNE 



BOOKS OF FAIRY TALES. 

Crown SvOf Cloth Elegant^ Price ZJSper Vol. 

ENGLISH FAIRY AND OTHER 
FOLK TALES. 

Selected and Edited, with an Introduction, 

By EDWIN SIDNEY HARTLAND. 

With Twelve Full-Page Illustrations by Charles E. Brock. 



SCOTTISH FAIRY AND FOLK TALES. 

Selected and Edited, with an Introduction, 

By Sir GEORGE DOUGLAS, Bart. 

With Twelve Full-Page Illustrations by James Torrance. 



IRISH FAIRY AND FOLK TALES. 

Selected and Edited, with an Introduction, 

By W. B. YEATS. 

With Twelve Full-Pagf Illustrations by James Torrance. 

THE WALTER SCOTT PUBLISHING CO., LTD., 
LONDON AND FELLING-ON-XVNK 



THE WORLD'S LITERARY MASTERPIECES. 

The Scott Library. 

Maroon Cloth, Gilt. Price Is. net per Volume. 

VOLUMES ALREADY ISSUED—. 

1 MALORY'S ROMANCE OF KING ARTHUR AND THE 

Quest of the Holy Grail. Edited by Ernest Bhys. 

2 THOREAU'S WALDEN. WITH INTRODUCTORY NOTE 

by Will H. Dircka. 

3 THOREAU'S "WEEK." WITH PREFATORY NOTE BY 

WiU H. Dircks. 

4 THOREAU'S ESSAYS. EDITED, WITH AN INTRO- 

duction, by Will H. Dircks. 

5 CONFESSIONS OF AN ENGLISH OPIUM-EATER, ETC 

By Thomas De Quincey. With Introductory Note by William Sharp. 

6 LANDOR'S IMAGINARY CONVERSATIONS. SELECTED. 

with Introduction, by Havelock Ellis. 

7 PLUTARCH'S LIVES (LANGHORNE). WITH INTRO- 

ductory Note by B. J. Snell, M.A. 

8 BROWNE'S RELIGIO MEDICI, ETC. WITH INTRO- 

duction by J. Addington Symonds. 

9 SHELLEY'S ESSAYS AND LETTERS. EDITED. WITH 

Introdactory Note, by Ernest Khys. 

lo SWIFT'S PROSE WRITINGS. CHOSEN AND ARRANGED 
with Introduction, by Walter Lewin. ' 

n MY STUDY WINDOWS. BY TAMES RUSSELL LOWELL. 
With Introduction by B. Garnett, LL.D. 

12 LOWELL'S ESSAYS ON THE ENGLISH POETS. WITH 

a new Introduction by Mr. Lowell. 

13 THE BIGLOW PAPERS. BY JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL. 

With a Prefatory Note by Ernest Rhys. 

14 GREAT ENGLISH PAINTERS. SELECTED FROM 

Cunningham's Lives. Edited by William Sharp. 

The Wai-Ter Scott Publishing Company, Limited, 
london and felling-on-tyne, 



THE SCOTT LIBRARY— continued. 

IS BYRON'S LETTERS AND JOURNALS. SELECTED, 
with Introductioii, by Mathilde Blind. 

i6 LEIGH HUNT'S ESSAYS. WITH INTRODUCTION AND 
Notes by Arthur Symons. 

17 LONGFELLOW'S "HYPERION," "KAVANAGH," AND 

"The Trouveres." With Introduction by W. Tirebuck. 

18 GREAT MUSICAL COMPOSERS. BY G. F. FERRIS. 

Edited, with Introduction, by Mrs. William Sharp. 

19 THE MEDITATIONS OF MARCUS AURELIUS. EDITED 

by Alice Zimmem. 

20 THE TEACHING OF EPICTETUS. TRANSLATED FROM 

the Greek, with Introduction and Notes, by T. W. Bolleston. 

21 SELECTIONS FROM SENECA WITH INTRODUCTION 

by Walter aode. 

22 SPECIMEN DAYS IN AMERICA. BY WALT WHITMAN. 

Bevised by the Author, with fresh Preface. 

23 DEMOCRATIC VISTAS, AND OTHER PAPERS. BY 

Walt Whitman. (Published by arrangement with the Author.) 

24 WHITE'S NATURAL HISTORY OF SELBORNE. WITH 

a Preface by Bichard JeSeries. 

25 DEFOE'S CAPTAIN SINGLETON. EDITED, WITH 

Introduction, by H. Halliday Sparling. 

26 MAZZINI'S ESSAYS : LITERARY, POLITICAL, AND 

Beligious. With Introduction by William Clarke. 

27 PROSE WRITINGS OF HEINE. WITH INTRODUCTION 

by Havelock Ellis. 

28 REYNOLDS'S DISCOURSES. WITH INTRODUCTION 

by Helen Zimmem. 

29 PAPERS OF STEELE AND ADDISON. EDITED BY 

Walter Lewin. 

30 BURNS'S LETTERS. SELECTED AND ARRANGED, 

with Introduction, by J. Logie Bobertson, M.A. 

31 VOLSUNGA SAGA. William Morris. WITH INTRO- 

duction by H. H. Sparling. 

The Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limitbiv 
london and felling-on-tynb. 



THE SCOTT LIBRARY— continued. 

32 SARTOR RESARTUS. BY THOMAS CARLYLE. WITH 

Introduction by Ernest Rhys. 

33 SELECT WRITINGS OF EMERSON. WITH INTRO- 

duction by Percival Chubb. 

34 AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF LORD HERBERT. EDITED, 

with an Introduction, by Will H. Dircka. 

35 ENGLISH PROSE, FROM MAUNDEVILLE TO 

Thackeray. Chosen and Edited by Arthur Galton. 

36 THE PILLARS OF SOCIETY, AND OTHER PLAYS. BY 

Henrik Ibsen. Edited, with an Introduction, by Havelock Ellis. 

37 IRISH FAIRY AND FOLK TALES. EDITED AND 

Selected by W. B. Yeata. 

38 ESSAYS OF DR. JOHNSON, WITH BIOGRAPHICAL 

Introduction and Notes by Stuart J. Reid. 

39 ESSAYS OF WILLIAM HAZLITT. SELECTED AND 

Edited, with Introduction and Notes, by Frank Carr. 

40 LANDOR'S PENTAMERON, AND OTHER IMAGINARY 

Conversations. Edited, with a Preface, by H. EUia. 

41 POE'S TALES AND ESSAYS. EDITED, WITH INTRO- 

duction, by Ernest Rhys. 

\2 VICAR OF WAKEFIELD. BY OLIVER GOLDSMITH. 
Edited, with Preface, by Ernest Rhys. 

\3 POLITICAL ORATIONS, FROM WENTWORTH TO 
Macaulay. Edited, with Introduction, by WUliam Clarke. 

V4 THE AUTOCRAT OF THE BREAKFAST-TABLE. BY 
Oliver Wendell Holmes. 

45 THE POET AT THE BREAKFAST-TABLE. BY OLIVER 

Wendell Holmes. 

46 THE PROFESSOR AT THE BREAKFAST-TABLE. BY 

Oliver Wendell Holmes. 

47 LORD CHESTERFIELD'S LETTERS TO HIS SON. 

Selected, with Introduction, by Charles Sayle. 

48 STORIES FROM CARLETON. SELECTED, WITH INTRO- 

duction, by W. Yeats. 

The Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limited, 
london and fblling-on-tynb. 



THE SCOTT LIBRARY-continued. 

49 JANE EYRE. BY CHARLOTTE BRONTfi. EDITED BY 

Clement K. Shorter. 

50 ELIZABETHAN ENGLAND. EDITED BY LOTHROP 

Withington, with a Preface by Dr. Furnivall. 

51 THE PROSE WRITINGS OF THOMAS DAVIS. EDITED 

by T. W. BoUeaton. 

52 SPENCE'S ANECDOTES. A SELECTION. EDITED, 

with an Introduction and Notes, by John Underbill. 

53 MORE'S UTOPIA, AND LIFE OF EDWARD V. EDITED, 

with an Introduction, by Maurice Adams. 

54 SADI'S GULISTAN, OR FLOWER GARDEN. TRANS- 

lated, with an Essay, by James Ross. 

55 ENGLISH FAIRY AND FOLK TALES. EDITED BY 

E. Sidney Hartland. 

56 NORTHERN STUDIES. BY EDMUND GOSSE. WITH 

a Note by Ernest Rhys. 

57 EARLY REVIEWS OF GREAT WRITERS. EDITED BY 

E. Stevenson. 

58 ARISTOTLE'S ETHICS. WITH GEORGE HENRY 

Lewes's Essay on Aristotle prefixed. 

59 LANDOR'S PERICLES AND ASPASIA. EDITED, WITH 

an Introduction, by Havelock Ellis. 

60 ANNALS OF TACITUS. THOMAS GORDON'S TRANS- 

lation. Edited, with an Introduction, by Arthur Gallon. 

61 ESSAYS OF ELIA. BY CHARLES LAMB. EDITED, 

with an Introduction, by Ernest Rhys. 

62 BALZAC'S SHORTER STORIES. TRANSLATED BY 

William Wilson and the Count Stenbock. 

63 COMEDIES OF DE MUSSET. EDITED, WITH AN 

Introductory Note, by S. L. Gwynn. 

64 CORAL REEFS. BY CHARLES DARWIN. EDITED, 

with an Introduction, by Dr. J. W. Williams. 

65 SHERIDAN'S PLAYS. EDITED, WITH AN INTRO- 

duction, by Rudolf Dircks. 

The Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limited, 
london and felling-on-tyne. 



THE SCOTT LIBRARY— continued. 

66 OUR VILLAGE. BY MISS MITFORD. EDITED, WITH 

an Introduction, by Ernest Bhys. 

67 MASTER HUMPHREY'S CLOCK, AND OTHER STORIES. 

By Charlea Dickena. With Introduction by Frank T. Marzials. 

68 OXFORD MOVEMENT, THE. BEING A SELECTION 

from "Tracts for the Times." Edited, with an Introduction, by William 
O. Hutchison. 

69 ESSAYS AND PAPERS BY DOUGLAS JERROLD, EDITED 

by Walter Jerrold. 

70 VINDICATION OF THE RIGHTS OF WOMAN. BY 

Mary Wollatonecraffc. Introduction by Mrs. E. Robins Pennell. 

71 "THE ATHENIAN ORACLE." A SELECTION. EDITED 

by John Underbill, with Prefatory Note by Walter Besant. 

72 ESSAYS OF SAINTE-BEUVE. TRANSLATED .AND 

Edited, with an Introduction, by Elizabeth Lee. 

73 SELECTIONS FROM PLATO. FROM THE TRANS- 

lation of Sydenham and Taylor. Edited by T. W. Bolleston. 

74 HEINE'S ITALIAN TRAVEL SKETCHES, ETC. TRANS- 

lated by Elizabeth A. Sharp. With an Introduction from the French of 
Theophile Oautier. 

75 SCHILLER'S MAID OF ORLEANS. TRANSLATED, 

with an Introduction, by Major-Qeneral Patrick Maxwell. 

76 SELECTIONS FROM SYDNEY SMITH. EDITED, WITH 

an Introduction, by Ernest Rhys. 

77 THE NEW SPIRIT. BY HAVELOCK ELLIS. 

78 THE BOOK OF MARVELLOUS ADVENTURES. FROM 

the "Morte d' Arthur." Edited by Ernest Rhys. [This, together with 
No. 1, forma the complete " Morte d' Arthur."] 

79 ESSAYS AND APHORISMS. BY SIR ARTHUR HELPS. 

With an Introduction by E. A. Helps. 

80 ESSAYS OF MONTAIGNE. SELECTED, WITH A 

Prefatory Note, by Perciyal Chubb. 

81 THE LUCK OF BARRY LYNDON. BY W. M. 

Thackeray. Edited by F. T. Marzials. 

82 SCHILLER'S WILLIAM TELL, TRANSLATED, WITH 

an Introduction, by Major-General Patrick Maxwell. 

The Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limitrd, 
london and fklling-on-tyne. 



THE SCOTT LIBRARY— continued. 

83 CARLYLE'S ESSAYS ON GERMAN LITERATURE. 

With an Introduction by Ernest Bhya. 

84 PLAYS AND DRAMATIC ESSAYS OF CHARLES LAMR 

Edited, with an Introduction, by Rudolf Dircks. 

85 THE PROSE OF WORDSWORTH. SELECTED AND 

Edited, with an Introduction, by Professor William Knight. 

86 ESSAYS, DIALOGUES, AND THOUGHTS OF COUNT 

Giacomo Leopardi. Translated, with an Introduction and Notes, by 
Major-Oeneral Patrick Maxwell. 

87 THE INSPECTOR-GENERAL. A RUSSIAN COMEDY. 

By Nikolai V. Oogol. Translated from the original, with an Introduction 
and Notes, by Arthur A. Sykes. 

88 ESSAYS AND APOTHEGMS OF FRANCIS, LORD BACON. 

Edited, with an Introduction, by John Bnchan. 

89 PROSE OF MILTON. SELECTED AND EDITED, WITH 

an Introduction, by Bichard Gamett, LL.D. 

90 THE REPUBLIC OF PLATO. TRANSLATED BY 

Thomas Taylor, with an Introduction by Theodore Wratislaw. 

91 PASSAGES FROM FROISSART. WITH AN INTRO- 

duction by Frank T. Marzials. 

92 THE PROSE AND TABLE TALK OF COLERIDGE. 

Edited by Will H. Dircks. 

93 HEINE IN ART AND LETTERS. TRANSLATED BY 

Elizabeth A. Sharp. 

94 SELECTED ESSAYS OF DE QUINCEY. WITH AN 

Introdaction by Sir George Douglas, Bart. 

95 VASARI'S LIVES OF ITALIAN PAINTERS. SELECTED 

and Prefaced by Havelock Ellis. 

96 LAOCOON, AND OTHER PROSE WRITINGS OF 

LESSING. A new Translation by W. B. Bonnfeldt 

97 PELLEAS AND MELISANDA, AND THE SIGHTLESS. 

Two Plays by Maurice Maeterlinck. Translated from the French by 
Laurence Alma Tadema. 

98 THE COMPLETE ANGLER OF WALTON AND COTTON. 

Edited, with an Introduction, by Charles Hill Dick. 

The Walter Scott Publishing Compaky, Limited, 
london and fslling-on-tyne. 



THE SCOTT LIBRARY— continued. 

99 LESSING'S NATHAN THE WISE. TRANSLATED BY 
Major-Oeneral Patrick Maxwell. 

lOO THE POETRY OF THE CELTIC RACES, AND OTHER 
Essays of Ernest Benan. Translated by W. O. HutchLion. 

loi CRITICISMS, REFLECTIONS, AND MAXIMS OF GOETHE. 
Translated, with an Introduction, by W. B. Bonnfeldt. 

102 ESSAYS OF SCHOPENHAUER. TRANSLATED BY 

Mrs. Badolf Dircks. With an Introduction. 

103 RENAN'S LIFE OF JESUS. TRANSLATED, WITH AN 

Introduction, by William G. Hutchison. 

104 THE CONFESSIONS OF SAINT AUGUSTINE. EDITED, 

with an Introduction, by Arthnr Symons. 

105 THE PRINCIPLES OF SUCCESS IN LITERATURE. 

By George Henry Lewes. Edited by T. Sharper Knowlson. 

106 THE LIVES OF DR. JOHN DONNE, SIR HENRY WOTTON, 

Mr. Bichard Hooker, Mr. George Herbert, and Dr. Bobert Sanderson. 
By Izaac Walton. Edited, with an Introduction, by Charles Hill Dick. 

107 POLITICAL ECONOMY: EXPOSITIONS OF ITS 

Fundamental Doctrines. Selected, with an Introduction, by W. B. 
Bobertson, M.A. 

108 RENAN'S ANTICHRIST. TRANSLATED, WITH AN 

Introduction, by W. O. Hutchison. 

109 ORATIONS OF CICERO. SELECTED AND EDITED, 

with an Introduction, by Fred. W. Norris 

1 10 REFLECTIONS ON THE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE. 

By Edmund Burke. With an Introduction by George Sampson. 

111 THE LETTERS OF THE YOUNGER PLINY. SERIES L 

Translated, with an Introductory Essay, by John B. Firth, B.A., I^te 
Scholar of Queen's College, Oxford. 

The Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limited, 
london and fellingon-tyne. 



THE SOOTT LIBRARY— continued. 

12 THE LETTERS OF THE YOUNGER PLINY. SERIES IL 

Translated by John B. Firth, B.A. 

13 SELECTED THOUGHTS OF BLAISE PASCAL. TRANS- 

lated, with an Introduction and Notes, by Gertrude Burford Bawlings. 

14 SCOTS ESSAYISTS: FROM STIRLING TO STEVENSON, 

Edited, with an Introduction, by Oliphant Smeaton. 

15 ON LIBERTY. BY JOHN STUART MILL. WITH AN 

Introduction by W. L. Courtney. 

16 THE DISCOURSE ON METHOD AND METAPHYSICAL 

Meditations of Ben^ Descartes. Translated, with Introduction, by 
Gertrude B. Bawlinga. 

17 KALIDASA'S SAKUNTALA, Etc. EDITED, WITH AN 

Introduction, by T. Holme. 

18 NEWMAN'S UNIVERSITY SKETCHES. EDITED, WITH 

Introduction, by George Sampson. 

19 NEWMAN'S SELECT ESSAYS. EDITED, WITH AN 

Introduction, by George Sampson. 

20 RENAN'S MARCUS AURELIUS. TRANSLATED, WITH 

an Introduction, by William G. Hutchison. 

21 FROUDE'S NEMESIS OF FAITH. WITH AN INTRO- 

duction by William G. Hutchison. 

22 WHAT IS ART? BY LEO TOLSTOY. TRANSLATED 

from the Original Russian MS., with Introduction, by Alymer Maude. 

23 HUME'S POLITICAL ESSAYS. EDITED, WITH AN 

Introduction, by W. B. Robertson. 



OTHER VOLUMES IN PREPARATION 

TjiK Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limited, 

LONDON AND FELLING-ONTYNE. 



IN ONE VOLUME. 

Crown 8vo, C/oth, Richly Gilt. Price js. 61, 

Musicians' Wit^ Humour^ and 
Anecdote : 

BEINO 

ON BITS OF COMPOSERS, SINGERS, AND 
INSTRUMENTALISTS OF ALL TIMES. 

By FREDERICK J. CROWEST, 

Author of "The Great Tone Poets," "The Story of British Music"; 
Editor of "The Master Musicians" Series, etc., etc. 

Profusely Illustrated with Quaint Drawings by J. P. Donne. 

WHAT THE REVIEWERS SAY.— 

" It is one of those delightful medleys of anecdote of all times, 
seasons, and persons, in every page of which there is a new speci- 
men of humour, strange adventure, and quaint saying." — T. P. 
O'Connor in T. P.'s Weekly. 

"A remarkable collection of good stories which must have 
taken years of perseverance to get together," — Morning Leader. 

"A book which should prove acceptable to two large sections of 
the public — those who are interested in musicians and those who 
have an adequate sense of the comic." — Globe. 

Thk Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limited, 
london and felling-on-tynk. 



^he Makers of British Art. 

A NEW SERIES OF MONOGRAPHS OF 
BRITISH PAINTERS. 

Each volume illustrated with Twenty Full-page Reproductions 
and a Photogravure Portrait. 

Square Crown Svo, Cloth, Gilt Top, Deckled Edges, 3J. 6d. net. 

VOLUMES READY. 

LANDSEER, Sir Edwin. By James A. Manson. 

" This little volume may rank as the most complete account of 
Landseer that the world is likely to possess." — Times. 

REYNOLDS, Sir Joshua. By Elsa d'Esterre-Keeling. 

"To the series entitled 'The Makers of British Art' Miss Elsa 
d'Esterre-Keeling contributes an admirable little volume on Sir 
Joshua Reynolds. Miss Reeling's style is sprightly and epigrammatic, 
and her judgments are well considered." — Daily Telegraph. 

TURNER, J. M. W. By Robert Chignell, Author of 
" The Life and Paintings of Vicat Cole, R. A." 

ROMNEY, George. By Sir Herbert Maxwell, Bart., 
F.R.S., M.P. 
" Likely to remain the best account of the painter's life. " — Athenceum, 

"WILKIE, Sir David. By Professor Bayne. 

CONSTABLE, John. By the Right Hon, Lord Windsor. 

RAEBURN, Sir Henry. By Edward Pinnington. 

GAINSBOROUGH, Thomas. By A. E. Fletcher. 

HOGARTH, William. By Prof. G. Baldwin Brown. 

MOORE, Henry. By Frank J. Maclean. 

LEIGHTON, Lord. By Edgcumbe Staley. 

MORLAND, George. By D. H. Wilson, M.A., LL.M. 

IN PREPARATION. 

MILLAIS — WATTS - Etc. 

The Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limited, 
london and felling-on-tyne. 



Crown 8vo, about 350 pp. each, Cloth Cover, 2/6 per Vol.; 
Half-Polished Morocco, Gilt Top, 5s. 

Count Tolstoy's Works. 

The following Volumes jure already issued— 



A RUSSIAN PROPRIETOR. 

THE COSSACKS. 

IVAN ILYITCH, AND OTHER 

STORIES. 
MY RELIGION. 
LIFE. 

MY CONFESSION. 
CHILDHOOD, BOYHOOD, 

YOUTH. 
THE PHYSIOLOGY OF WAR. 
ANNA KAR^NINA. 3/6. 



WHAT TO DO? 

WAR AND PEACE. (4 vols., 

THE LONG EXILE, ETC 

SEVASTOPOL. 

THE KREUTZER SONATA, AND 

FAMILY HAPPINESS. 
THE KINGDOM OF GOD IS 

WITHIN YOU. 
WORK WHILE YE HAVE THE 

LIGHT. 
THE GOSPEL IN BRIEF. 



Uniform with the above — 

IMPRESSIONS OF RUSSIA. By Dr. Gkoro Brandes. 

Post 4to, Cloth, Price is. 

PATRIOTISM AND CHRISTIANITY. 

To which is appended a Reply to Criticisms of the Work. 

By Count Tolstoy. 

i/- Booklets by Count Tolstoy. 

Bound in White Grained Boards, with Gilt Lettering. 



WHERE LOVE IS, THERE GOD 

IS ALSO. 
THE TWO PILGRIMS. 
WHAT MEN LIVE BY. 



THE GODSON. 

IF YOU NEGLECT THE FIRE, 

YOU DON'T PUT IT OUT. 
WHAT SHALL IT PROFIT A MAN ? 



2/- Booklets by Count Tolstoy. 

NEW EDITIONS, REVISED. 

Small i2mo, Cloth, with Embossed Design on Cover, each containing 

Two Stories by Count Tolstoy, and Two Drawings by 

H. R. Millar. In Box, Price 2s. each. 



Volume I. contains — 
WHERE LOVE IS, THERE GOD 

IS ALSO. 
THE GODSON. 

Volume II. contains — 

WHAT MEN LIVE BY. 
WHAT SHALL IT PROFIT A 
MAN? 



Volume III. contains — 

THE TWO PILGRIMS. 
IF YOU NEGLECT THE FIRE, 
YOU DON'T PUT IT OUT. 

Volume IV. contains — 

MASTER AND MAN. 

Volume V. contains — ■ 

TOLSTOY'S PARABLES. 



The Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limited, 
london and felling on-tyne. 



Crown 8w, Cloth^ y. 6d. each; some vols., 6s. 

The 

Contemporary Science Series. 

Edited bt HAVELOCK ELLIS. 

Illustrated Vols, between 300 and 400 pp. each. 

EVOLUTION OF SEX. By Professors Geddes and Thomson. 6s. 
ELECTRICITY IN MODERN LIFE. By G. W. dk Tunzklmanh. 
THE ORIGIN OF THE ARYANS. By Dr. Taylor. 
PHYSIOGNOMY AND EXPRESSION. By P. Mantkgazza. 
EVOLUTION AND DISEASE. By J. B. Sutton. 
THE VILLAGE COMMUNITY. By G. L. Gomme. 
THE CRIMINAL. By Havelock Ellis. New Edition. 6s. 
SANITY AND INSANITY. By Dr. C. Mercier. 
HYPNOTISM. By Dr. Albert Moll (Berlin). 
MANUAL TRAINING. By Dr. Woodward (St. Louis). 
SCIENCE OF FAIRY TALES. By E. S. Hartland. 
PRIMITIVE FOLK. By Elie Reclus. 
EVOLUTION OF MARRIAGE. By Ch. Letournbao. 
BACTERIA AND THEIR PRODUCTS. By Dr. Woodhead. 
EDUCATION AND HEREDITY. By J. M. GuvAU. 
THE MAN OF GENIUS. By Prof. Lombroso. 
PROPERTY : ITS ORIGIN. By Ch. Lbtourneau. 
VOLCANOES PAST AND PRESENT. By Prof Hull. 
PUBLIC HEALTH PROBLEMS. By Dr. J. F. Sykes. 
MODERN METEOROLOGY. By Frank Waldo, Ph.D. 
THE GERM-PLASM. By Professor Weismann. 6s. 
THE INDUSTRIES OF ANIMALS. By F. HoussAY. 
MAN AND WOMAN. By Havelock Ellis. 6s. 

The Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limited, 

LONDON AND FELLING -ON-TYNE. 



OONTBMPORARY SOIBNOB SBRIES-<*«/««««/. 

MODERN CAPITALISM. By John A. Hobson, M.A. 6s, 

THOUGHT-TRANSFERENCE. By F. Podmore, M.A. 

COMPARATIVE PSYCHOLOGY. By Prof. C. L. Morgan, F.R.S. 6s. 

THE ORIGINS OF INVENTION. By O. T. Mason. 

THE GROWTH OF THE BRAIN. By H. H. Donaldson. 

EVOLUTION IN ART. By Prof. A. C. Haddon, F.R.S. 

HALLUCINATIONS AND ILLUSIONS. By E. Parish. 6s. 

PSYCHOLOGY OF THE EMOTIONS. By Prof. RiBOT. 6s. 

THE NEW PSYCHOLOGY. By Dr. K W. Scripture. 6s. 

SLEEP: Its Physiology, Pathology, Hygiene, and Psychology. 
By Makie de Manaceine. 

THE NATURAL HISTORY OF DIGESTION. By A. Lockhart 
Gillespie, M.D., F.R.CP. Ed., F.R.S. Ed. 6s. 

DEGENERACY: Its Causes, Signs, and Results. By Prof. 
Eugene S. Talbot, M.D., Chicago. 6s. 

THE HISTORY OF THE EUROPEAN FAUNA. By R. F. 
Scharff, B.Sc, Ph.D., F.Z.S. 6s. 

THE RACES OF MAN : A Sketch of Ethnography and Anthro- 
pology. By J. Deniker. 6s. 

THE PSYCHOLOGY OF RELIGION. By Prof. Starbuck. 6s. 

THE CHILD. ByALEXANDERFRANCIsCHAMBERLAIN, M.A. , Ph.D. 6s. 

THE MEDITERRANEAN RACE. By Prof. Sergi. 6s. 

THE STUDY OF RELIGION. By Morris Jastrow, Jun., Ph.D. 6s. 

HISTORY OF GEOLOGY AND PALAEONTOLOGY. By Prof. 
Karl Alfred von Zittel, Munich. 6s. 

THE MAKING OF CITIZENS : A Study in Comparative Educa- 
tion. By R. E. Hughes, M.A. 6s. 

MORALS : A Treatise on the Psycho-Sociological Bases ok 
Ethics. By Prof. G. L. Duprat. 

EARTHQUAKES, A STUDY OF RECENT. By Prr.f. Charles 
Davison, D.Sc, F.G.S. 6s. 

The Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limited, 
london and felling-on-tyne. 



SPECIAL EDITION OF THE 

CANTERBURY POETS. 

Square ZvOy Cloth^ Gilt Top Elegant^ Price 2S. 
Each Volume with a Frontispiece in Photograyure. 

CHRISTIAN YEAK. With Portrait of John Keble. 

LONGFELLOW. With Portrait of Longfellow. 

SHELLEY. With Portrait of Shelley. 

WORDSWORTH. With Portrait of Wordsworth. 

WHITTIER. With Portrait of Whittier. 

BURNS. Songs \With Portrait of Burns, and View of "The 

BURNa Poems/ Auld Brig o' Doon." 

KEATS. With Portrait of Keats. 

EMERSON. With Portrait of Emerson. 

SONNETS OF THIS CENTURY. Portrait of P. B. Marston, 

WHITMAN. With Portrait of Whitman. 

LOVE LETTERS OF A VIOLINIST. Portrait of Eric Mackay. 

SCOTT. Lady of the Lake, ^ With Portrait of Sir Walter Scott, 

etc > and View of " The Silver 

SCOTT. Marmion, et<!. J Strand, Loch Katrine." 
CHILDREN OF THE POETS. With an Engraving of " The 

Orphans," by Gainsborough. 
SONNETS OF EUROPE. With Portrait of J. A. Symonds. 
SYDNEY DOBELL. With Portrait of Sydney DobeU. 
HERRICK. With Portrait of Herrick. 
BALLADS AND RONDEAUS. Portrait of W. B. Henley. 
IRISH MINSTRELSY. With Portrait of Thomas Davis. 
PARADISE LOST. With Portrait of MUton. 
FAIRY MUSIC. Engraving from Dravring by C. E. Brock. 
GOLDEN TREASURY. With Engraving of Virgin Mother. 
AMERICAN SONNETS. With Portrait of J. R. Lowell. 
IMITATION OF CHRIST. With Engraving, "Ecce Homo." 
PAINTER POETS. With Portrait of Walter Crane. 
WOiVIEN POETS. With Portrait of Mrs. Browning. 
POEMS OF HON. BODEN NOEL. Portrait of Hon. E. NoeL' 
AMERICAN HUMOROUS VERSE. Portrait of Mark Twain. 
SONGS OF FREEDOM. With Portrait of William Morris. 
SCOTTISH MINOR POETS. With Portrait of R. TannahilL 
CONTEMPORARY SCOTTISH VERSE. With Portrait of 

Robert Louis Stevenson. 
PARADISE REGAINED. With Portrait of Miltoa 
CAVALIER POETS. With Portrait of Suckling. 
HUMOROUS POEMS. With Portrait of Hood. 
HERBERT. With Portrait of Herbert 
POE. With Portrait of Poe. 

OWEN MEREDITH. With Portrait of late Lord Lyttoa 
LOVE LYRICS. With Portrait of Raleigh. 
GERMAN BALLADS. With Portrait of Schiller. 
CA M PBELL. With Portrait of Campbell. 
CANADIAN POEMS. With View of Mount Stephen. 
EARLY ENGLISH POETRY. With Portrait of Earl of Surrey. 
ALLAN RAMSAY. With Portrait of Bamsar. 
SPENSEa. With Portrait of Spenser. 



Thb Walter Scott Publishing Company. Limitbjd* 
london and fblling-on-tynb. 



CHATTEETON. With EngniTing, " The Death of Chatterton." 

COWPEB. With Portrait of Cowper. 

CHAUCEB. With Portrait of Chaucer. 

COLBEIDOK. With Portrait of Coleridge. 

POPE. With Portrait of Pope. 

BYBON. Mlscellaneoua \ wu v. i>».<...tf. «# ii.^> 

BYBON. Don Juan | With Portraits of Byron. 

JACOBITE SONGS. With Portrait of Prince Charlie. 

BOEDER BALLADS. With View of Neidpath Castle. 

AUSTRALIAN BALLADS. With Portrait of A, L. Gordon. 

HOGG. With Portrait of Hogg. 

GOLDSMITH. With Portrait of Goldsmith. 

MOORE. With Portrait of Moore. 

DOBA GBEKNWELL. With Portrait of Dora Green welL 

BLAKE. With Portrait of Blake. 

POEMS OF NATURE. With Portrait of Andrew Lang. 

PEAED. With Portrait. 

SOUTHBY. With Portrait. 

HUGO. With Portrait. 

QOETHE. With Portrait. 

BEBANGER. With Portrait. 

HEINE. With Portrait 

SEA MUSIC. With View of Corbifere Rocks, Jersey. 

SONG- TIDE. With Portrait of Philip Bourke Marston. 

LADY OP LYONS. With Portrait of Bulwer Lytton. 

SHAKESPEARE : Songs and Sonnets. With Portrait 

BEN JONSON. With Portrait 

HORACE. With Portrait 

CRABBE. With Portrait 

CRADLE SONGS. With EngraTlng from Drawing by T. E. MacUln. 

BALLADS OF SPORT. Do. do. 

MATTHEW ARNOLD. With Portrait 

AUSTIN'S DAYS OF THE YEAR. With Portrait 

CLOUGH'S BOTHIE, and other Poems. With View. 

BROWNING'S Pippa Passes, etc. "4 

BROWNING'S Blot in the 'Scutcheon, etc. > With Portrait 

BROWNING'S Dramatic Lyrics. ) 

MACKAY'S LOVER'S MISSAL. With Portrait 

KIRKE WHITE'S POEMS. With Portrait 

LYRA NICOTIANA. With Portrait 

AURORA LEIGH. With Portrait of E. B. Browning. 

NAVAL SONGS. With Portrait of Lord Nelson. 

TENNYSON : In Memoriam, Maud, etc With Portrait 

TENNYSON : English Idyls, The Princess, etc. With View of 

Farringford House. 
WAB SONOS. With Portrait of Lord Roberta. 
JAMBS THOMSON. With Portrait. 
ALBXANDEB SMITH. With Portrait 
PAUL VBRLAINE. With Portrait 
CHARLES BAUDELAIRE. With Portrait 



Thb Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limitbd, 
london and felling-on-tynb. 



T'he Music Story Series. 

A SERIES OF LITERARY-MUSICAL MONOGRAPHS. 

Edited by FREDERICK J. CROWEST, 

Author of "The Great Tone Poets," etc., etc. 

Illustrated with Photogravure and Collotype Portraits, Half-tone and Line 
Pictures, Facsimiles, etc. 

Square Crown 8vo, Cloth, js. 6d. net. 
VOLUMES NOW READY. 

THE STORY OF ORATORIO. By ANNIE W. PATTER- 
SON, B.A., Mus. Doc. 

THE STORY OF NOTATION. By C. F. ABDY WILLIAMS, 
M.A., Mus. Bac. 

THE STORY OF THE ORGAN, By C. F. ABDY 
WILLIAMS, M.A., Author of "Bach" and "Handel" ("Master 
Musicians' Series "). 

THE STORY OF CHAMBER MUSIC. By N. KILBURN, 
Mus. Bac. (Cantab. V 

THE STORY OF THE VIOLIN. By PAUL STOEVING, 
Professor of the Violin, Guildhall School of Music, London. 

THE STORY OF THE HARP. By WILLIAM H. GRATTAN 
FLOOD, Author of " History of Irish Music." 

THE STORY OF ORGAN MUSIC. By C. F. ABDY 
WILLIAMS, M.A., Mus, Bac. 

THE STORY OF ENGLISH MUSIC (1604- 1904): being the 
Worshipful Company of Musicians' Lectures. 

IN PREPARATION. 

THE STORY OF THE PIANOFORTE. By ALGERNON S. 
ROSE, Author of "Talks with Bandsmen." 

THE STORY OF ENGLISH MINSTRELSY. By EDMOND- 
STOUNE DUNCAN. 

THE STORY OF MUSICAL SOUND. By CHURCHILL 
SIBLEY, Mus. Doc. 

THE STORY OF CHURCH MUSIC. By THE EDITOR. 
ETC., ETC., ETC. 

The Walter Scott Publishing Company, Limited, 
london and felling-ontyne. 



"^SB LIBRARY 



^5^ 



jC SOUTHERN =^E3 



A 000 579 128 



University of California 

SOUTHERN REGIONAL LIBRARY FACILITY 

405 Hilgard Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90024-1388 

Return this material to the library 

from wtiich it was borrowed. 



I m 



>m^\}ii\ 



33 



k 



