Google 



This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project 

to make the world's books discoverable online. 

It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject 

to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books 

are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. 

Marks, notations and other maiginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the 

publisher to a library and finally to you. 

Usage guidelines 

Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the 
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing tliis resource, we liave taken steps to 
prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. 
We also ask that you: 

+ Make non-commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for 
personal, non-commercial purposes. 

+ Refrain fivm automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine 
translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the 
use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. 

+ Maintain attributionTht GoogXt "watermark" you see on each file is essential for in forming people about this project and helping them find 
additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. 

+ Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just 
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other 
countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of 
any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner 
anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liabili^ can be quite severe. 

About Google Book Search 

Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers 
discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web 

at |http: //books .google .com/I 



■>i>iin» 

6000783138 




1 






I 



X 






f •■* 



i;.. 



■ A- 



M' 



I.' ■- ■: 



» /;// ii.i.r^n':: i; .'• . 



1 1 . 






l:itM;:::i' II'iM; 



A NEW AND R E V I 









. \ 




T. ON \'i>\: 
NT A' Yi !;K: 4Us lliiO'Oln >!I{]J-:'1\ 



£^ 



i- 



FAIRY TALES. 



HENRY MORLEY. 



WITH ILLVSTB ATI ONS BY CHARLES H. BENNE7T. 



Ai nntoa u Ibg SporlB of Chlldrea stt." 

HoKime Hyksb; Cwtik Chapman. 



NEW AND REVISED £Oy'. 




LONDON: 

GEOEGE EOUTLEDGE AND SONS, 

THE BBOADWAT, HJDaATE. 

MEW YORK : 416, BROOME STREET. 



1867. 



jZJ-o'. 



/■ 



c5^/. 



LOKDOM: rRIMTED BY W. CLOWES AMD 80N8, 8TAMFOKU STREET, 

▲KD GHABIKO CBOaS. 



CONTENTS. 



MELniOT. 

Chapter X — The Three Neighbours of Melilot . 
Chapter n. — The Mountam Hut 
Chapter III. — Sir Crucifer .. 

Oa/AjHZ^ «* •• •* •• *• • 



PAGE 
1 

5 
12 

18 

19 



ADVIttlTURES IN SKI.TZLAND. 

Chapter I. — ^The Beginning is a Bore — I fall into Mis- 
fortune .. .. .. .. .. 21 

Chapter II. — Of Divisions which occur in Skitzland — 

I am Taken Up.. .. .. .. 24 

Chapter III. — My Imprisonment and Trial for Murder 27 

Chapter IV. — The Last Hours of the Condemned in 

Skitzland — ^I am Executed .. .. 30 

Chapter V. — ^My Revenge upon the Skitzlanders . . 34 

Mother Qoose .. .. .. ..36 

Sib Atlevan. 

Chapter I. — Madame Pidge Looks in upon the Fairy 

Saintfoin ... • .. .. .. 37 

Chapter II. — Sir Aylevan Looks in upon Madame Pidge 46 

Chapter III. — ^Everybody Goes to Court .. .. 54 

A Lover op Justice _ .. .. .. .. ..60 

Vert- Common .. .. .. .. .. 61 

Toil and Triumph .. .. .. .. .. .. ^^ 



vi Contents. 

PAGE 

The Fairy Mill. 

Chapter I. — ^Blunt's Mill .. .. .. ..65 

, Chapter IL— Sharp's Mill .. .. .. ..72 

Chapter III. — Dust .. .. .. .. ..79 



Solid Thought 

The Touch of Nature 

Bacon Pie 

A Pattern op Djgnity 



87 

92 

93 

114 



The Chicken Market. 

Chapter I. — Ben Ody is Resolved on Carrying his 

Chickens to a Pretty Market .. .. 115 

Chapter II. — Over the Sea. .. .. .. .. 121 

Chapter III. — Through Waste and Wilderness . . 127 
Chapter IV.-— The Market Reached 130 

Silver TAsSfcLS ' ., .. ' .. .. .. .. 135 

A Christmas Voice- .. .. .. .. .. .. 154 

The King of the Hearth .. .. .. ..155 

The Toad's Wife .. .. 169 

Robin and Richard .. ,.. .. .. .. .. 174 

A Bot'b Adventure.. .. .. .. 175 

NbCB; AND ^ECK _ .. _ 188 

The Bag of Minutes. 

Chapter!. — Time on Hand .. .. .. .. 189 

Chapter II. — Time Wasted .. .. .. .. 194 

Chapter III. — A Fortune Made in No Time .. .. 199 

The Stavesacre Fairies .. .. 207 



Contents, 



Vll 



PAGE 



Babon Bi^tch, of the Hammer. 

Chapter I. — Old Yesterday Dismisses a Lad from his 

Service .. .. .. .. .. 229 

Chapter II. — The Lad Draws his King out of Affliction, 

and will not allow Him to be Fed on 
Lukewarm Meat .. .. .. 234 

Chapter m.— The House of the Future .. ..244 



Bred upon Gtold. 

Chapter I. — The Dearest Pet .. 
Chapter H. — Grold and the Right 
Chapter IIL— The Death of the Lord Pursy 



.. 253 
.. 260 
.. 266 



The Lettered Mackerel. 

Chapter I. — The Mackerel Discovers Something in his 

Line .. .. .. .. .. 269 



Chapter II. — More in the same Line 
Chapter HI. — The Last of his Line 

A Ehyme of Might and Right .. 

TiGERSCLAW .. 

Dropped from the Clouds 
Dick and Doll 
Elan the Armourer 
One op the Unappreciated 

OXBXuD •• •• •• •• •• 

The Two Guides op the Child .. 
The Lame Cut Up .. 
The Melon Garden 
Thbough THE Roses . . 



.. 274 
.. 279 

.. 286 

.. 287 

.. 297 

.. 310 

.. 311 

.. 322 

.. 323 

.. 337 

.. 342 

.. 343 



viii Contents, 

PAGE 

Stiff Beabd 359 

The Clear Head » . 379 

The Sower 388 

The Cunning of Sissoo. 

Chapter I. — Sissoo kills Dragons . . .... . . 389 

Chapter 11. — Sissoo Vanquishes a Giant 395 

Chapter 111. — Sissoo outwits an Enchanter . . . . 397 
Chapter the Last. — Sissoo puts a Stop to our Horn 

Blowing ... . . 402 




MELILOT. 



Ir had been raining for ten montha, and everybody felt 
OB if it had been raining for ten years. In the driest 
part of the country, in the driest comers of the driest 
houses, there was damp. Whoever came near a fire 
began to steank ; whoever left the fire begiiTi to ■mn^a^ca 



2 Fairy Tales, 

as the damp entered the clothes. There was a breath 
of wet on everything indoors, and a flood of wet on 
everything out of doors, and Melilot was wet through 
when she came to the door of a broken-roofed cottage 
that stood in a marsh between two lakes. 

Melilot was a pretty girl of twelve, who had lived in 
a cottage np the mountains, as the only child of hard- 
working parents, who taught her all that was good, and 
whose one worldly good she was ; for they had nothing 
to eat but what they could force to grow out of a stony 
patch of ground Upon the mountain side. They had 
loved Melilot, and they loved each other. To feed their 
little one they had deprived themselves, till when the 
rain running down the mountain side had washed away 
their little garden crops, first the mother died, for she it 
was who had denied herself the most, and then the father 
also died in a long passion of weeping. The nearest 
neighbours occupied the cottage in the valley on the 
marsh between the Jakes. In hunger and grief, there- 
fore, Melilot went down to them, to ask for human 
help. 

From Melilot's home it was a' long way up to the 
peak of the mountains, and a long way down to the 
marshy valley in which lay the two lakes with a narrow 
spit of earth between them, and a black rocky mountain 
overhanging them upon the other side. A gloomy defile, 
between high rocks, led out of the valley on the one 
side, and on the other side it opened upon a waste of 
bog, over which the thick mist brooded, and the rain 
now fell with never-ending plash. 

The runlets on the mountain formed a waterfall, that 
dashing over a smooth wall of rock, broke into foam on 
the ragged floor of a great rocky basin near Melilot's 



Mdiloi. 3 

cottage door. Then after a short nisli, seethicig and 
foaming down a slope rugged with granite bsuldere, the 
great cataract fell with a mighty roar over another pre- 
cipice upon the etream that, swollen by the rains almost 
into a river, earned its 6ood iato one of the lakes. It 
was partly by this wateifall that the path down into 
the valley lan. 

Melilot knew that her father, when alive, had avoided 




the people in the lake eottage, and had forbidden her, 
althongh they were the only neighboui's, to go near their 
dwelling. But her father now was dead and her mother 
was dead, and there was need of human help if she 
would bory them. Her father too had told her, that 
when she waa left helpless she would have to go out 
and serve others for her daily bread. To what ottvetw 



4 Fairy Tales, 

than these could the child look ? So by the stony side 
of the stream, and by the edge of the lake, her only path 
in the marsh, Melilot came down shivering and weeping 
through the pitiless rain, and knocked at the door of the 
lake cottage. 

" Who's that ? " asked a hoarse voice inside, 

" That's Melilot from up above us," said a hoarser voice. 

" Come in then, little Melilot," another voice said, 
that was the hoarsest of the three. 

The child flinched before opening the door, but she 
did open it, and set one foot over the threshold, then 
she stopped. There was nothing in the cottage but a 
muddy puddle on the floor, into which rain ran from 
the broken roof. Three men sat together in the puddle, 
squatted like frogs. They had broad noses and spotted 
faces, and the brightest of bright eyes, which were all 
turned to look at Melilot when she came in. 

" We are glad to see you, Melilot," said the one who 
sat in the middle, holding out a hand that had all its 
fingers webbed together. He was the one who had the 
hoarsest voice. " My friend on the right is Dock, Dodder 
sits on my left, and I am Squill. Come in and shut the 
door behind you." 

Melilot had to choose between the dreary, empty 
world outside, and trust in these three creatur,es — who 
were more horrible to look at than I care to tell. She 
hesitated only for an instant, then went in and shut the 
door bel^nd her. 

" A long time ago your father came to us, and he 
went out and shut the door upon us. You are wiser 
than your father, little girL" 

*' My father, my dear father," began Melilot, and 
fell to weeping bitterly. 



Melilot 5 

" Her father is dead," said Dock, who was the least 
hoarse. 

" And her mother too," said Dodder, who was hoarser. 

" And she wants ns to help her to bury them," 
croaked Squill. 

*' She is fainting with hunger," said Dock. 

"She is dying of hunger and grief," said Dodder. 

"And we have nothing to offer her but tadpoles, 
which she cannot eat," said Squill. 

" Dear neighbours, I am nothing," said the child. " I 
do not know that I am hungry. But if you would come 
with me and help me." 

" She asks us to her house," said Dock. 

" We may go," said Dodder, '* if we are invited." 

" Little Melilot," said Squill then, in his hoarsest tone 
of all, " we will all follow you to the mountain hut." 
Then the three ugly creatures splashed out of their pool, 
and moved, web-footed too, about their cottage with 
ungainly hopping. Melilot all the while only thanked 
them, frankly looking up into their bright eyes, that 
were eager, very eager, but not cruel. 



CHAPTER II. 

THE MOUNTAIN HUT. 

Melilot with her three wonderful neighbours. Dock, 
Dodder, and Squill, hopping arm in arm behind her, 
and getting a good hold on the stones with their web 
feet, began to climb the mountain. Eain still poured 
out of the sky ; runlets flooded their path, and the great 
cataract roared by their side. The faint audYvwii^^ Occ\^ 



6 Fahnj Tales. 

had climbed but half the way to her desolate home when 
she swooned, and was caught in the arms of Squill. 

" Sprinkle water," said Dock. 

" No need of that," said Dodder. 

" It will not be right for us to carry her," said Squill. 

Either because there was more than a sprinkling of 
water, or because of her own stout young heart, Melilot 
recovered and climbed on. They reached the hut, and 
when there, the three neighbours at once bestirred them- 
selves. Because of the flood outside, they dug the graves 
under the roof, one on each side of the hearth, for 
Melilot's dead fiather and mother, and so buried them. 
Then the child made her friends sit down to rest ; one 
in her father's chair, one in her mother's, and one on 
her own little stool. She raked the embers of the fire and 
put on fresh wood until a blaze leapt up that was strong 
enough to warm them, before she would turn aside. 
Then standing in a comer by the morsel of window 
that looked out towards the waterfall, she gave way to 
her sobbing. But again — ^brave little heart — conquer- 
ing herself, she came forward to where the monsters 
were sitting, with their legs crossed, basking in the 
firelight, and said, *' I am sorry, dear, kind neighbours, 
that I have no supper to offer you." 

" Nay, but you have," said Dock. 

The child followed the glance of his eyes, and saw 
that on her father's grave there stood a loaf of bread, 
and on her mother's grave, a cup of milk. 

" They are for you, from the good angels." She said 
" Oh, I am thankful ! " Then Melilot broke the bread 
into three pieces, and gave a piece to each, and held the 
milk for them when they would drink. 

'* She is famished, herself," said Dodder. 



Melilot. 7 

" We must eat all of it up," said Squill. 

So they ate all of it up; and while they ate, there 
was no thought in the child's heart but of pleasure that 
she had this bread to give. 

When they had eaten all, there was another loaf upon 
the father's grave, and on the mother's grave another 
and a larger cup of milk. 

*' See, there ! " Dock said. 

" Whose supper is that?" asked Dodder. 

" It must be for the pious little daughter Melilot, and 
no one else," said Squill. 

The three neighbours refused to take another crumb ; 
they had eaten so much tadpole, they said, for their 
dinners. Melilot, therefore, supped, but left much bread 
and milk, secretly thinking that her friends would 
require breakfast, if they should consent to stay with 
her throughout the night. It was long since the sun set, 
reddening the mists of the plain, and now the mountain 
path beside the torrent was all dark and very peiilous. 
The monsters eagerly watched their little hostess with 
their brilliant eyes, and assented, as it seemed, with 
exultation, to her wish that they would sleep in the 
hut. There were but two beds under its loof, Meli- 
lot's own little straw pallet, and that on which her parents 
were to sleep no more, on which she was no more to kneel 
beside them in the humble morning prayer. With sacred 
thoughts of hospitality the child gave up to the use of 
those who had smoothed for her dear parents a new 
bed, the bed that was no longer theirs. And the three 
monsters, after looking at her gratefully, lay down on it 
together and went to sleep on it, with their arms twisted 
about each other's necks. The child looked down upon 
them clinging together in their sleep as iu t\iwt \aXV^ 



8 Fairy Tales. 

and saw a weariness of pain defined in many a kindly- 
turned line of their half frog-like faces* If one stirred 
in sleep, it was to nestle closer to the other two. " How 
strange," she said to herself, "that I should at first 
have thought them ugly I " Then she knelt in prayer 
by her little nest of straw, and did not forget them in 
her prayers. I'here was a blessing on them in her 
heart, as she lay down to sleep. 

But when Melilot lay down with her face towards the 
hearth, the dyin^ embers shone with a red light on the 
two solemn graves. She turned her face to the wall, 
and the rush of the torrent on the other side was louder 
than the passion of her weeping. But the noise of the 
waterfall first soothed her, and then, fixing her attention, 
drew her from her bed towards the little window, from 
which she was able to look out into the black night, 
through which it loared. A night not altogether black, 
for there was a short lull in the rain, though the wind 
howled round the mountain, and through a chance break 
in the scurrying night- clouds the full moon now and 
then flashed, lighting the lakes in tlie valley far below, 
and causing the toiTent outside the window to gleam 
through the night shadows of the great rocks among 
which it fell. Could it be the song of busy Fairies that 
came thence to the child's ear? 

** Up to the moon and cut down that ray ! 
In and out the foam-wreaths plaiting ; 
Spin the froth and weave the spray ! 
Melilot is watching ! Melilot is waiting ! 
Pick the moonbeam into shreds, 
Twist it, twist it into threads ! 
Threads of the moonlight, yarn of the bubble, 
Weave into muslin, double and double ! 
Fold all and carry it, tarry ye not, 
To the chamber of gentle and true Melilot.'* 



Melilot 9 

Almost ' at the same moment the door of the hut 
opened, and Melilot, turning round, saw two beautiful 
youths enter, bright as the moonlight, who laid a white 
bale at her feet, and said that it came from the Fairy 
Muslin Works. Having done that, they flew out in the 
shape of fireflies, and Melilot herself closed the door 
after them. It was her first act to shut the door, because 
she was bred to be a careful little housewife, and she 
thought the night-air would not be good for the sleepers. 

Then the child looked again at the three monsters 
cuddled together on her father's and mother's bed. 
*' The Fairies have done this for me," she considered 
to herself, "that I might not have to send away kind 
helpers without a gift. White muslin is not quite the 
dress that will suit lodging such as theirs, but it is all 
I have I If I could make them, by the time they wake, 
three dresses, they would see at any rate that I was glad 
to work for them as they had worked for me." 

So Melilot began measuring her neighbours with the 
string of her poor little apron ; and when she had mea- 
sured them all, shrank with her scissors and thread and 
the bale of fairy muslin into the farthest corner of her 
hut, and set to work by the light of a pine stick, shaded 
from the eyes of her guests with a screen made of her 
own ragged old frock. 

While the child stitched, the Fairies sang, and it was 
a marvel to her that her needle never wanted threading. 
Keeping time with her fingers to the faiiy song, she 
worked with a speed that almost surpassed her desire, 
and altogether surpassed understanding. One needleful 
of thread made the three coats, and the thread, when 
the coats were made, was as long as it had been when 
they were begun. 



10 Fairy Tales. 

Very soon after dawn the white dresses were made, 
and all the muslin had been used in making them, 
except what was left in the small litter of fragments 
round the stool upon which Melilot had been at work, 
lliree coats of white muslin, daintily folded, were laid 
by the bed of the three guests, and each was folded with 
that comer uppermost on which there had been written 
in thread its owner's name. Dock was worked in the 
corner of one ; Dodder in the comer of another ; and in 
the comer of the third coat, Squill. 

Then Melilot lay down for an hour's sleep, and, weary 
with grief as with toil, slept heavily. Dock, Dodder, 
and Squill were awake before her, and the first thing 
that each of them did upon awaking was to look upon 
his new coat. The next thing that each of them did 
was to put on his new coat, and after this the next 
thing they all did was to change into three beautiful 
faiiy youths, — Dock with yellow hair. Dodder with 
brown, and Squill with black. Thus they stood hand- 
in-hand by the little girl's bed. 

" She has freed us, the dear child ! " said Dock. 

" She," said Dodder, " she, our darling, and our bro- 
thers of the waterfall." 

"She has saved nothing for herself," said Squill. 
** Did not the child once wish to wear muslin in the 
place of these poor rags ? I kiss them, brothers, for her 
sake." But Squill's kiss on the girl's ragged frock made 
it a treasure for an empire. 

'* And I kiss the walls that sheltered us," said Dodder. 
But Dodder's kiiss upon the walls changed them into 
a close network of fragrant blossoms. 

" And I kiss the lips that bade us hither," Dock said ; 
and at bis kiss the child smiled, and her eyes opened 



Meliht 1 1 

upon the three fairies in the niuslin dresses she had 
made. 

"Ah, Fairies," she said, " those are the dresses I made 
for my three dear neighbours. Do not take back your 
gift, although the muslin is indeed yours, and the thread 
too, I know, and — and the work too, for surely it was 
you who made the needle run. I have done nothing, 
and am but a poor little child; only I thought you 
meant to give me something to be grateful with/' 

'* We did not give you your good" heart, dear little 
Melilot," the Fairies said ; and now their speaking was 
in softest unison. " That has done more for us than all 
our love and service will repay. We were your neigh- 
bours, but we are your servants now." 

*' No, no, no," said the child. " I was afraid to ask 
to be your servant, because I thought last night you 
were too poor to feed me, as I am too poor and weak to 
feed myself. The angels themselves gave me bread 
yesterday, and I have some yet. But all is changed 
about me. Why do the walls flower, and why is my 
dress covered with glittering stones ? Ah, yes, I am at 
home," she said, for her eyes fell on the two grav$)s. 

Then, as she rose to her knees, with quivering lips, 
the three Fairies went out into the sun, and stood at the 
door to see how all the rains were gone, and the bright 
moming beams played in the spray of the cataract. 

*'Do you see anything between us and the sun?" 
Dock asked of the other two. 

" A speck," said Dodder. 

" Frogbit herself," said Squill. 



12 Fairy Tales. 



CHAPTER III. 

SIB CRUCIFER. 

Presently, Melilot bade the three Fairies come in to 
share her breakfast. She had saved bread from last 
night, and while she took it from its place among the 
blossoms that last night were mud, again the loaf of 
bread stood on her father's, and the cup of milk upon 
her mother's, grave. " The angels of my father and 
mother feed me still," she said ; " I must abide under 
the shelter of their wings." 

The Fairies came at her bidding to eat with her ; but 
Squill, excusing himself, went to the stool about which 
were the chips and shreds of Fairy muslin. There, 
joining each to each with a stroke of his finger, he was 
shaping them into a little net, when Melilot, who had 
been sent out to feel the sunshine, came in, saying that 
there was a chill wind ; and though it was foolishness 
to think so, it did really seem to have come with a 
black raven, that was sitting on the roof. ^ 

" You had better strike through the roof, Frogbit," 
Squill cried, looking up. The bird croaked as if in de- 
fiance, and at once began to beat a way in through the 
flowers. As it did so, the leaves of the bower withered, 
and the blossoms all began to stink. 

But Squill leapt up, and holding the net he had made 
under the hole Frogbit was making, caught her as she 
fell through, and held her captured in the folds of Fairy 
muslin that seemed to stand like iron against the beat- 
ing of her wings. 

" Poor bird I " said Melilot. 



Melilot. 13 

*' Our enem^, who came on a bad errand, is our pri- 
soner," said Dock. 

" Cleverly done," said Dodder. '• Very cleverly done, 
brother Squill." 

But Melilot, who loved man, beast, and bird, bent 
over the fluttering raven, and was not hindered from 
taking it, net and all, to her bosom, though it struck at 
her fiercely with its great bill that, strong as it was, 
could not tear through the nruslin net. 

" Poor bird ! " said the child ; " how can a raven be 
your enemy ? " 

" Theirs and yours ! " the raven herself shrieked. 
" Theirs and yours ! " 

♦*And mine, bird! I would do you no hurt. See, 
I kiss you." When Melilot stooped to kiss through the 
thin muslin the raven's head, the bird struggled to 
escape from the kiss with an agony of terror. 

'*Nay,"vsaid the gentle child, "no evil can come of 
a true kiss." 

Good came of it; for at the touch of her kiss, the 
wicked Fairy Frogbit dropped out of the fonn of a 
raven into a black, shapeless lump of earth. 

** What have I done ? " the child cried, weeping. 

Then the three Fairies threw the lump of earth into 
the waterfiill, and told her all that she had done. They 
told her how of old they had lived with their brother 
Fairies of the Torrent till the wicked Frogbit came and 
turned the land below into a marshy wilderness, in 
which she ruled over her own evil i-ace. One day she 
and her people had contrived to seize Titania herself, as 
she flew over the marsh on the way to her subjects of 
the mountain. They could not change her beauty, or 
stain her bright nature, but they held her "^TisoT^st lot 



] 4 Fairy Tales. 

a time among their stagnant pools, till she was rescued 
in a moonlight attack by the Fairies of the waterfall, 
who left three prisoners, Dock, Dodder, and Squill, in 
the hands of the enemy. Those prisoners Frogbit had 
shut up in loathsome frog-like bodies, and set in the 
cottage between the lakes, while she brought down 
never-ending rain over the whole district, to make their 
prison the more gloomy. The Fairies of the bright 
running and leaping water were condemned to sit in 
stagnant puddle, and eat tadpoles, having their own 
bright natures shut up in forms so detestable, that 
Frogbit hoped to make their case more wretched by a 
mockery of hope. 

" Live there," she said, " till a mortal child can look 
at you without being afraid ; till there is a little girl in 
the world bold enough to seek you out, and trust you 
with all that she holds most sacred ; to shut herself ud 
with you, and believe in you entirely; to give up to 
you her own supper, and of her own free thought make 
white muslin dresses to your filthy shapes." 

She spoke mockingly of white muslin, because she 
knew of the old Fairy trade that had been carried on 
for ages on the mountains. There the Fairies weave 
after their own fashion into muslin the white sheets of 
foam; and when the three prisoners had heard their 
doom they were not in despair. For although Frogbit, 
who had never boen up the mountain, knew nothing of 
the one little hut there was upon it, yet all the Faiiies 
knew it, and they knew well the little Melilot. 

" Then I have really been a friend to you," the child 
said. 

" Ay," they replied, " and to Frogbit a friend. An 
innocent kiss is the charm that breaks all evil spells. 



Meliht. 15 

and you have with a kiss broken the spell that raised 
in her a clod of earth into a creature of mischief. We, 
of the torrent, will direct the watere that they wash 
that clod of eai-th from which evil is banned, to a place 
where it may yield lilies and violets, of which good 
Fairies shall be born. 

The three Fairies returning to their own race, were 
still Melilot's neighbours and friends, and the child 
grew up to womanhood, the favourite of all the Fairies 
of the waterfall. Her bower blossomed and the ground 
about it was made into a delicious garden. Her dress 
of precious stones was thrown into a comer, and she 
was arrayed by the Fairies in their shining muslin that 
would take no soil. But still she found, morning and 
night, the only bread she ate upon her father's grave, 
and upon her mother's grave the milk that nourished 
her. 

Whether the bad Fairies over whom Frogbit had 
ruled left the marsh Melilot did not know, but the 
marsh dried and became a great plain, which men tilled, 
and upon which at last men fought. 

Sobbing and panting Melilot ran down the hillside 
when she saw men cased in iron galloping to and fro, 
and falling wounded to lie bleeding and uncared for on 
the quaking ground. Every fear was mastered by her 
sacred pity, and her Fairy muslin was unstained, though 
she knelt on the red mud of the battle-field and laid 
the wounded soldier's head upon her lap. None, even 
in the direst madness of the strife, could strike upon the 
fi-ail white girl, who saw only the suffering about her, 
and thought only of wounds that she might bind. Had 
any struck, her muslin was an armour firmer than all 
steel ; and there was no rent in her dross, «k.s ^^ \ftx^ 



16 Fairy Tales. 

from it strip after strip, to bind rents in the flesh of 
men who lay in their death-agonies about her. 

In the tumult of flight, the defeated host parted be- 
fore her, and sped on; still leaving her untrampled and 
untouched. But once, reaching a white ami into the 
crowd, she caught from it a wounded soldier as he fell, 
and with the other hand seized the shaft of the spear 
that a fierce youth, hot in pursuit, thrust on his falling 
enemy. She fainted as she did so; and the youth, 
letting his spear drop, knelt beside her, and looked 
down into her face. His tears presently were falling on 
her lifeless cheek. The flight and the pursuit rushed 
by, and he was still kneeling beside her, when the moon 
rose, and three youths, dressed in white, stood near. 

"Are you her brothers?" he asked. '* Who is this, 
with a dress that has passed unstained through blood 
and mire, and with a face so holy ? " 

" Take her up in your arms," they said, " and we will 
show you where to carry her." 

The young soldier lifted her with reverence, and took 
her up the mountain to the bower by the waterfall, 
llie scent of the flowers, when they came into its gar- 
den, gave fresh life to her. The soldier gently laid her 
down upon a bank of wild thyme, and looked up for the 
three youths, but they were gone. He went into the 
bower, and saw therein scanty furniture, a dress of 
jewels worth an empire thrown into a corner, and two 
graves, on one of which stood bread, and on the other, 
milk. He brought the food out to the girl, and, at her 
bidding, broke bread- with her. 

Now, Dock, Dodder, and Squill were matchmakers. 
They had made up their minds that Melilot should be 
to Sir Crucifer — that was the soldier's name — as near in 



Meliht 17 

trust and in love as her mother had been to her father. 
So they put the cottage between the two lakes into re- 
pair, and made him a home out of the place in which 
they had been imprisoned. There he dreamt, all the 
nights through, sacred dreams, of her by whose side he 
spent all his days. 

Much the girl heard, as she sat with the soldier by 
the waterfall, of the high struggle for all that makes 
man good and glorious, that bred the strife out of which 
she had drawn him for a little time. Much the soldier 
learnt as he sat with the girl, from a companion whose 
thoughts purified his zeal, and made his aspirations 
happier and more unbounded. One day there* were 
words said that made the girl a woman ; and when she 
awoke on the next morning, her father's grave was 
overgrown with laurel bushes, and her mother's grave 
was lost under a wealth of flowering myrtle. 

But there was no food provided. 

When Sir Crucifer came to her that sunny morning, 
" I have a sign," she said. "It is time that I also take 
my part in the struggle of which you have told me. 
Let us go down together to the plains." 

She gathered for him a branch of laurel, and she 
plucked a sprig of myiile for herself. These never 
faded, they remained green as the daughter's memory 
of those two dear ones from whose graves they came. 
But in all their long after-lives of love and labour, 
neither of them remembered the worth of an empire 
in stone that they left unregarded in a comer of the - 
hut. 

The spray was radiant, and the foam was white as 
her bright Fairy muslin, as it floated over the strength 
of the waterfall, when Melilot and hex 8o\3Lier,\i«ii^ m 

o 



18 Fairy Tales. 

hand, went down the mountain. They passed out 
her bower, she in the full flood of the sunshine, w 
an arm raised upward and a calm face turned towa 
him, as he, walking in her shadow, points to the pla 
below. 



STANZA. 

Night hath to God departed, prayer-laden. 

As when through autumn twilight, homeward throng 
From the day's gleaning maiden after maiden. 

Each with a full sheaf glad, so — with a song 
Awakening the lark — so pass along 

Their bosoms burdened with a gathered store. 
The pleasant hours which to the night belong, 

And in the gamer of our God they pour 
Hopes, praises, pure resolves, fruits which the darkness b 



( 19 ) 



THE AECHITECT. 



A MAN possessed a piece of woodland near a rock. He 
cut down trees, • • 

" Faugh I " cried a rook. "You fell the trees in which 
you could have rested. Had you come to me I could 
have let you know the use of trees." 

" I have a house to huild," said the man. 

"Well," said the rook. "Sticks and straws can be 
had without cutting the trees down, I believe." 

The man hewed at the rock. Capricorn looked down 
from above and grinned over his beard as he called his 
brother goats about him. " Ah, ha ! " he said, " observe 
that creature's low comprehension of this glorious rock, 
with its mosses and its grassy clefts. He cuts it into 
little squares ! Look at his piles of little squares, and 
not even a blade of grass on one of them ! " All the goats 
bleated at the man in mockery, and Capricorn cried to 
him, " Come up, fellow, and we who are at home among 
the rocks will teach you something." 

" Pardon me, hoary father," said the man ; " I have a 
house to build." 

The man heaped lime together and fetched water from 
a pool in which some geese were swimming. " S-s-see," 
said the gander, "how you splash me, and befoul the 
water too. What do you want ? " 

" Excuse me, gaffer gander," said the man ; " I have 
a house to build." 

" A house to build ! " the gander said. " Yotsl ^q-^X. 

c 1 



20 Fairy Tales. 

build houses of water, I suppose ! " All the geese hissed 
at the man for his folly, but he drew the water that he 
wanted. 

** A pretty mess you're making of it I " said a spider 
to the man when he was stirring up his mortar. "House, 
do you say? Look at my architecture and compare it 
with that heap of slime. You would have saved your- 
self much shame if you had only come to me for an 
idea." 

The man dug at the foundations of his house and 
struck wrath into the hearts of all the moles. " Why," 
one of them asked, *' are you interfering in this manner 
with our ancient right of way ?" 

" Pardon me, brother mole ; I have a house to build." 

" Hear him I A house to build. Is there a mole of 
you who does not know that houses are built up into 
the air? Behold a being with brains topsy-turvy, who 
is building down into the ground ! Out with him ! " 

All the moles showed their teeth in vain; the man 
dug on. When he had laid a sure foundation, with the 
stones and timber he built an abiding-place. And the 
house that he had built remained to be the glory of his 
children's children. 




ADVENTURES IN SKITZLAND. 



CHAPTER I. 

A BOBB— 1 FALL INTO MIHFORTDNE. 

I AU fond of gardening. I tike to dig. If among the 
operations of the garden any need for such a work can 
be at any time discovered or invented, I like digging a 
hole. On the 3rd of March, 1839, 1 began a hole behind 
the kitchen wall, whereinto it was origiiMi\^ \n*KB&j^ 



22 Fairy Tales. 

to transplant a plum-tree. The exercise was so much 
to my taste, that a strange humour impelled me to dig 
on. A fiiscination held me to the task. I neglected my 
business. I disappeared from the earth's surface. A 
boy, who worked a basket by means of a rope and 
pulley, aided me ; so aided, I confined my whole atten- 
tion to spade labour. The centripetal force seemed to 
have made me its especial victim- I dug on until 
Autumn. In the beginning of November I observed 
that, upon percussion, the sound given by the floor of 
my pit was resonant. I did not intermit my labour, 
urged as I was by a mysterious instinct downwards. 
On applying my ear, I occasionally heard a subdued 
sort of rattle, which caused me to form a theory that the 
centre of the earth might be composed of mucus. In 
November, the ground broke beneath me into a hollow, 
and I fell a considerable distance. I alighted on the 
box-seat of a four-horse coach, which 'happened to be 
running at that time immediately underneath. The 
coachman took no notice whatever of my sudden arrival 
by his side. He was so completely muflfled up, that I 
could observe only the skilful way in which he handled 
reins and whip. The horses were yellow. I had seen 
no more than this, when the guard's horn blew, and 
presently we pulled up at an inn. A waiter came out, 
and appeared to collect four bags from the passengers 
inside the coach. He then came round to me. 

" Dine here, sir ? " 

" Yes, certainly," said I. 

** Trouble you for your stomach, sir." 

While the waiter was looking up with a polite stare 
into my puzzled face, my neighbour, the coachman, put 
one hand within his outer coat, as if to feel for money 



Adventures in Shiizland. 23 

in his waistcoat pocket. Directly afterwards his fingers 
came again to light, and pulled forth an enormous sack. 
Notwithstanding that it was abnormally enlarged, I 
knew by observation of its form and texture that this 
was a stomach, with the oesophagus attached. This, 
then, the waiter caught as it was thrown down to him, 
and hung it carelessly over his arm, together with the 
four smaller bags (which I now knew to be also sto- 
machs) collected from the passengers within the coach. 
I started up, and as I happened to look round, observed 
a skeleton face upon the shoulders of a gentleman who 
sat immediately behind my back. My own features 
were noticed at the same time by the guard, who now 
came forward, touching his hat. 

" Beg your pardon, sir, but you've been and done it." 

" Done what ? " 

" Why, sir, you should have booked your place, and 
not come up in this clandestine way. However, you've 
been and done it ! " 

" My good man, what have I done ? " 

'* Why, sir, the Baron Terroro's eyes had the box-seat, 
and I strongly suspect you've been and sat upon them." 

I looked involuntarily to see whether I had been 
sitting upon anything except the simple cushion. Truly 
enough, there was an eye, which I had crushed and 
flattened. 

" Only one," I said. 

** Worse for you, and better for him. The other eye 
had time to escape, and it will know you again, that's 
certain. Well, it's no business of mine. Of course 
you've no appetite now for dinner ? Better pay your 
fere, sir. To the Green Bull in Spectacles, where we 
put up, it's ten-and-six." 



24 Fairy Tales. 

" Is there room inside ?" I inquired. It was advisable 
to shrink from observation. 

"Yes, sir. The inside passengers are mostly ske- 
leton. There's room for three, sir. Inside, one-pound- 
one." 

I paid the money, and beciame an inside passenger. 



CHAPTER II. 

OF DIVISIONS WHICH OCCUR IN SKITZLAND — I AM TAKEN UP. 

Professor Zucker's Lectures on Anatomy had so fortified 
me, that I did not shrink from entering the Skitzton 
coach. It contained living limbs, loose or attached to 
skeletons, in other respects bare, except that they were 
clothed with broadcloth garments, cut after the English 
fashion. One passenger only had a complete face of 
flesh, he had also one living hand; the other hand I 
guessed was bony, because it was concealed in a glove 
obviously padded. By observing the fit of his clothes, 
I came to a conclusion that this gentleman was stuffed 
throughout; that all his limbs, except the head and 
hand, were artificial. Two pairs of legs, in woollen 
stockings, and a pair of ears, were in a comer of the 
6oach, and in another corner there were nineteen or 
twenty scalps. 

I thought it well to look astonished at nothing, and, 
having pointed in a careless maimer to the scalps, asked 
what might be their destination ? The person with the 
face and hand replied to me ; and, although evidently 
himself a gentleman, he addressed me with a tone of 
unconcealed respect. 



Adventures in Skiizland. 25 

'* They are going to Skitzton, sir, to the hair- 
dresser's." 

" Yes, to be sure," I said. " They are to make Natural 
Skin Wigs. I might have known." 

" I beg your pardon, sir. There is a ball to-morrow 
night at Culmsey. But the gentry do not like to employ 
village barbers, and therefore many of the better class 
of people send their hair to Skitzton, and receive it back 
by the return coach properly cut and curled." 

" Oh," said I. ** Ah ! Oh, indeed." 

" Dinners, gentlemen ! " said a voice at the window, 
and the waiter handed in four stomachs, now tolerably 
well filled. Each passenger received his property, and 
pulling open his chest with as much composure as 
if he were unbuttoning his waistcoat, restored his sto- 
mach, with a dinner in it, to the right position. Then 
the reckonings were paid, and the coach started. 

I thought of my garden, and much wished that some- 
body could throw Professor Zucker down the hole that 
I had dug. A few things were to be met with in Skitz- 
land which would rather puzzle him. They puzzled 
me ; but I took refuge in silence, and so fortified, pro- 
tected my ignorance from an exposure. 

** You are going to Court, sir, I presume?" said my 
Face and Hand Friend, after a short pause. His was the 
only mouth in the coach, excepting mine, so that he was 
the only passenger able to enter into conversation. 

" My dear sir," I replied, " let me be frank with you. 
I have arrived here unexpectedly out of another world. 
Of the manners and customs, nay, of the very nature 
of the people who inhabit this country, I know nothing. 
For any information you can give me, I shall be very 
grateful." 



26 Fairy Tales. 

My friend smiled incredulity, and said : — 

*' Whatever yon are pleased to profess, I will believe; 
Wliat you are pleased to feign a wish for, I am proud to 
furnish. In Skitzland, the inhabitants, until they come 
of age, retain that illustrious appearance which yoti have 
been so fortunate as never to have lost. On and after 
the night of his twenty-first birthday, each Skitzlander 
loses the limbs which, when he had them, received 
from him no care, no education. Of those neglected 
parts the skeletons alone remain, but all those organs 
which he has employed sufficiently continue unimpaired. 
I, for example, devoted to the study of the law, forgot 
all occupation but to think, to use my senses, and to 
write. I rarely used my legs, and therefore Nature has 
deprived me of them." 

" But," I observed, " it seems that in Skitzland you are 
able to take yourselves to pieces." 

"No one has that power, sir, more largely than 
yourself. What organs we have we can detach on any 



service." 



*' If they can fly," I asked, " why are they sent in 
coaches ? There were a pair of eyes on the box-seat." 

'* Simply for safety against accidents. Eyes flying 
alone are likely to be seized by birds, and inciir many 
dangers. They are sent, therefore, usually under pro- 
tection, like any other valuable parcel." 

*' Do many accidents occur ? " 

*' Very few. For mutual protection, and also because 
a single member is often all that has been left existing 
of a fellow Skitzlander, our laws, as you, sir, know much 
better than myself, estimate the destruction of any part 
absent on duty from its skeleton as a crime equivalent 
to murder." 



Adventures in Skitzland. 27 

After ihis I held my tongue. Presently my friend 
again inquired whether I was going up to Court ? 

" Why should I go to Court?" 

** Oh, sir, it pleases you to be facetious. You must 
be aware that any Skitzlander who has been left by 
Nature in possession of every limb, sits in the Assembly 
of the Perfect, or the Upper House, and receives many 
state emoluments and dignities." 

" Are there many members of that Upper Assembly ? " 

" Sir, there were forty-two. But if you are now tra- 
velling to claim your seat, the number will be raised to 
forty-three." 

'* The Baron Terroro," I hinted. 

" My brother, sir. His eyes are on the box-seat under 
my care. Undoubtedly he is a member of the Upper 
House." 

I was now anxious to get out of the coach as soon as 
possible. My wish was fulfilled after the next pause. 
One Eye, followed by Six Pairs of Arms, with strong 
hard Hands belonging to them, flew in at the window. 
I was collared; the door was opened, and all hands 
were at work to drag me out and away. The twelve 
Hands whisked me through the air, while the one 
Eye sailed before us, like an old bird, leader of the 
flight 



CHAPTER III. 

MY IMPBISONMENT AND TRIAL FOR MURDER, 

What sort of sky have they in Skitzland ? Our earth 
overarches them, and, as the sunlight filters through, it 
causes a subdued illumination with veiy Y^nei T^"^'e». 



28 Fairy Tales: 

Skitzland is situated nearly in the centre of our globe ; 
it hangs there like a shrunken kernel in the middle of a 
nutshell. The height from Skitzland to the overarching 
canopy is great; so great, that if I had tiot fallen 
personally from above the firmament, I should have 
considered it to be a blue sky similar to ours. At night 
it is quite dark ; but during the day there is an appear- 
ance in the heaven of white spots; their glistening 
reminded me of stars. I noticed them as I was being 
conveyed to prison by the strong arms of justice ; for it 
was by a detachment of members from the Skitzon 
police that I was now hurried along. The air was very 
warm, and corroborated the common observation of an 
increase of heat as you get into the pith of our planet-. 
The theory of Central Fire, however, is, you perceive, 
quite overturned by my experience. 

We alighted near the outskirts of a large and busy 
town. Through its streets I was dragged publicly, 
much stared at, and much stai-ing. The street-life was 
one busy nightmare of disjointed limbs. Professor 
Zucker, could he have been dragged through Skitzton, 
would have delivered his farewell lecture upon his 
return. " Gentlemen, Fuit Ilium — Fuit Ischium— Fuit 
Sacrum — Anatomy has lost her seat among the sciences. 
My occupation's gone." Professor Owen's Book * On 
the Nature of Limbs ' must contain, in the next edition, 
an appendix ' Upon Limbs in Skitzland.' I was dragged 
through the streets, and all that 1 saw there, in the 
present age of little faith, I dare not tell you. I was 
dragged through the streets to prison and there duly 
chained, after having been subjected to the scrutiny of 
about fifty couples of eyes drawn up in a line within 
the prison door. I was chained in a dark cell — a cell so 



Adventv/res in SJcUzland, 29 

dark that I could very faintly perceive the figure of some 
being who was my companion. Whether this individual 
had ears wherewith to hear, and mouth wherewith to 
answer me, I could not see ; but at a venture I addressed 
him. My thirst for information was unconquerable ; I 
began, therefore, immediately with a question : 

"Friend, what are those stars which we see shining 
in the sky at mid-day ?" 

An awful gloom being an unsatisfactory reply, I asked 
again. 

" Man, do not mock at misery. You will yourself be 
one of them." 

" Believe me," I said, *' I am strangely ignorant. Ex- 
plain yourself." 

He answered with a hollow voice : 

" Murderers are shot up out of mortars into the sky, 
and stick there," Those white, glistening specks, they 
aie their skeletons. 

Justice is prompt in Skitzland. I was tried incredibly 
feist by a jury of twelve men who had absolutely heads. 
The judges had nothing but brain, mouth, and ear. 
Three powerful tongues defended me ; but, as they were 
not suffered to talk nonsense, they had little to say. 
The whole case was too clear to be talked into cloudi- 
ness. Baron Terroro in person deposed that he had 
sent his eyes to see a friend at Culmsey, and that they 
were returning on the Skitzton coach, when I, illegally, 
came with my whole bulk upon the box-seat, which he 
occupied. That one of his eyes was, in that manner, 
totally destroyed, but that the other eye, having escaped, 
identified me, and brought to his brain intelligence of 
the calamity which had befallen. He deposed further, 
that, having received this information, \i^ d^s^«k\/c?Ckfe'^ 



30 Fairy Tales. 

his uncriislied eye with arms from the police office, and 
accompanied by several members of the detective force, 
to capture the offender, and to procure the ftill proofs of 
iny crime. A sub-inspector of the Skitzton police then 
deposed that he sent three of his faculties, with his 
mouth, eye, and ear, to meet the coach. That the 
driver, consisting only of a stomach and hands, had 
been unable to observe what passed. That the guard, 
on the contrary, had taxed me with my deed, that he 
had seen me rise from my seat upon the murdered eye, 
and that he had heard me make confession of my guilt 
The guard was brought next into court, and told his 
tale. Then I was called upon for my defence. If a 
man wearing a cloth coat and trousers, and talking 
excellent English, were .to plead at the Old Bailey that 
he had broken into some citizen's premises accidentally 
by falling from the moon, his tale would be received in 
London as mine was in Skitzton. I was severely 
reprimanded for my levity, and ordered to be silent. 
The judge summed up, and the jury found me guilty. 
The judge, who had put on the black cap before the 
verdict was pronounced, held out no hope of mercy, and 
straightway sentenced me to death, according to the 
laws and usage of the realm. 



CHAPTER IV. 

THE LAST HOUBS OF THE CONDEMNED IN SKITZLAND — 

I AM EXECUTED. 

The period which intervenes between the sentence 
and execution of a criminal in Skitzland is not longer 



Adventures in SJciizland. 31 

than three hours. In order to increase the terror of 
death hy contrast, the condemned man is suffered to 
taste at the table of life from which he is banished, the 
most luscious viands. All the attainable enjoyment that 
his wit can ask for, he is allowed to have, during the 
three hours before he is shot, like rubbish, off the fields 
of Skitzland. 

Under guard, of course, I was now to be led whitherso- 
ever I desired. 

Several churches were open. They never are all shut 
in Skitzton. I was taken into one. A man with heart 
and life was preaching. People with hearts were in 
some pews ; people with brains in others ; people with 
ears only in some. In a neighbouiing church there was 
a popular preacher, a skeleton with Hfo. His congrega- 
tion was a crowd of ears, and nothing more. 

There was a day performance at the Opera. I went 
to that. Fine lungs and mouths possessed the stage, 
and afterwards there was a great bewilderment with 
legs. I was surprised to notice that many of the most 
beautiful ladies were carried in and out, and lifted about 
like dolls. My guides sneered at my pretence of ignorance, 
when I asked why this was. But they were bound to 
please me in all practicable ways, so they informed me, 
although somewhat pettishly. It seems that in Skitz- 
land, ladies who possess and have cultivated only their 
good looks, lose, at the age of twenty-one, all other en- 
dowments. So they become literally dolls, but dolls of 
a superior kind ,•* for they can not only open and shut 
their eyes, but also sigh ; wag slowly with their heads, 
and sometimes take a pocket-handkerchief out of a bag, 
and drop it. But as their limbs are powerless, they have 
to be lifted and dragged about after the ia8\i\oTi ^ivaX. ^^- 
cited mj^ astonishment 



32 Fairy Tales. 

I said then, " Let me see the poor." They took me to 
a workhouse. The men, there, were all yellow; and 
thej' wore a dress which looked as though it were com- 
posed of asphalte ; it had also a smell like that of pitch, 
I asked for explanation of these things. 

A superintendent of police remarked that I was losing 
opportunities of real enjoyment for the idle purpose of 
persisting in my fable of having dropped down from the 
sky. However, I compelled him to explain to me what 
was the reason of these things. The information I 
obtained, was briefly this : — that Nature, in Skitzland, 
never removes the stomach. Everyman has to feed 
himself; and the necessity for finding food, joined to the 
necessity for buying clothes, is a mainspring whereby 
the whole clockwork of civilised life is kept in motion. 
Now, if a man positively cannot feed and clothe himself^ 
he becomes a pauper. He then goes to the workhouse, 
where he has his stomach filled with a cement. That 
stopping lasts a life-time, and he thereafter needs no 
food. His body, however, becomes yellow by the 
superfluity of bile. The yellow-boy, which is the Skitz- 
land epithet for pauper, is at the same time provided 
with a suit of clothes. The clothes are of a material so 
tough that they can be worn unrepaired for more than 
eighty years. 1'he pauper is now freed from care, but 
were he in this state cast loose upon society, since he has 
not that stimulus to labour which excites industry in 
other men, he would become an element of danger in the 
state. Nature no longer compelling him to work, the 
law compels him. The remainder of his life is forfeit to 
' the uses of his country. He labours at the workhouse, 
costing nothing more thajU the expense of lodging, after 
the first inconsideiable putlay for cement wherewith to 
r -i-w stomach, and for the one suit of ai^i^ai^l. 



Adventures in Skitzland. 33 

AVhen we came out of tlie workhouse, all the bells in 
the town were tailing. The superintendent told me that 
I had sadly flittered away time, for I- had now no more 
than half an hour to live. Upon that I leaned ray back 
against a post, and asked him to prepare me for my part 
in the impending ceremony by giving me a little infor- 
mation on the subject of executions. 

I found that it was usual for a man to be executed 
with great ceremony upon the spot whereon his crime 
had been committed. That in case of rebellions or 
tumults in the provinces, when large numbers were not 
unfrequently condemned to death, the sentence of the 
law was caixied out in the chief towns of the disturbed 
districts* That large numbers of people were thus 
sometimes discharged from a single market-place, and 
that the repeated strokes appeared to shake, or crack, or 
pierce in some degree that portion of the sky towards 
which the artillery had been directed. 1 here at once 
saw that I had discovered the true cause of earthquakes 
and volcanoes ; and this shows how great light may be 
thrown upon theories conceniing the hidden constitution 
of this earth by going more deeply into the matter of it than 
had been done by any one before I dug my hole. Our 
, volcanoes, it is now proved, are situated over the market- 
places of various provincial towns in Skitzland. When 
a revolutibn happens, the rebels are shot up, — discharged 
from mortars by means of an explosive material evidently 
far more powerful than our gunpowder or gun-cotton ; 
and they are pulverised by the friction in grinding their 
way through the earth. How simple and easy truth 
appears, when we have once ariived at it. 

The sound of muffled drums approached us, and a long 
procession turned the corner of a street. I was ig^aRfc^ 



31 Fairy Tales. 

in the middle of it, — Baron Terroro by my side. All 
then began to float so rapidly away, that I was nearly 
left alone, when forty arms came back and ooUared me. 
It was considered to be a proof of my refractory disposition 
that I would make no use of my innate power of flight 
I was therefore dragged in this procession swiftly through 
the air, drums playing, fifes lamenting. 

We alighted on the spot where I had fallen, and the 
hole through which I had come I saw above me. It was 
very small, but the light from above shining more 
vividly through it made it look, with its rough edges, 
like a crumpled moon. A quantity of some explosive 
liquid was poured into a large mortar, which had been 
erected (under the eye of Baron Terroro) exactly where 
my mitsfortune happened. I was then thmst in, the 
Baron ramming me down, and pounding witli a long 
stock or pestle upon my head in a noticeably vicious 
manner. The Baron then cried " Fire ! " and as I shot 
out, in the midst of a blaze, I saw him looking upward. 



CHAPTER V. 

MY REVENGE UPON' THE SKITZLANDERS. 

By great good fortune, they had planted their artillery 
so well, that I was fired up through my hole again, and 
alighted in my own garden just a little singed. My first 
thought was to run to an adjoining bed of vegetable 
marrows. Thirty vegetable marrows and two pump- 
kins I rained down to astonish the Skitzlanders, and I 
ferv^ently hope that one of them may have knocked out 



Adventures in Skitzland. 



35 



the remaining eye of my vindictive enemy tlie Baron. 
I then went into the pantty, and obtained a basket 
full of eggs, and having rained these down upon the 
SkitzlanderK, I left them. 

It was after breakfast when I went down to Skitz- 
land, and I came buck while the dinner-bell was 




3(> Fairi/ Tales. 



MOTHER GOOSE. 



'* Have the goodness to observe my cLildren," said a 
wise-looking Goose to a Spaniel, who was plaj'ing with 
her puppies. "See how my dear goslings follow me 
about the farmyard, walking as I walk, cackling as I 
cackle ; already, young as they are, they have the mintls 
of perfect geese. Yon never see these well trained little 
creatures behave as your puppies behave. Look there, 
now ! With what show of wrath the tan pup darts at 
you, and gnaws your coat with his young teeth ! Fun, 
is it ? Sin, I say. Can anything be more absurd than 
the twisting and rolling and tumbling of yonder son of 
yours, who now lies on his back and snaps at flies ? "Why 
don't you confine him to the use of his four l^s ? Why 
do you let him grow up, as he will, in the belief that 
rolling is walking, and that flies are dog s-meat ? See, 
see how my dear goslings follow in my train, trying to 
look as I look, waddle as I waddle, cackle as I cackle." 
" Wise Mother Goose," answered the Spaniel, " puppies 
play thus when they are young, because, when they are 
old, they must be fit companions of men. Yours, I own, 
is the best training for a goose. Only give me for son 
a brisk young dog, whose limbs, while he is growing, 
twist, wriggle, and roll, and whose young wits riot in 
joyous antics, that hereafter he may be of body swift 
and strong, and of mind earnest and faithful in the 
iforvice of his Master 1 " 




SIB AYLBVAN. 



:HADAUE FIOQE UKiKS IS UPON THE FA 

Two sticks crossed were the arms of Sir Aylevan. 
His wrath was quick. When he rode in the forest he 
would dismount to hack and punish any tree that seemed 
to fork its branches in contempt of him. But he was 
just in his anger. He would spend a w^uAe ioy vo. a. 
raarah, eearcbing for the particular frog tihat Wi GToaJteA, 



38 Fairy Tales. 

at him when he was passing early in the morning.. Eis 
hair and beard were red, his eyes were green, his face 
was 3^ellow, and he had a long hooked nose, blue at the 
tip, yet he was beautiful as a i*ainbow in the eyes of 
Saintfoin, the meadow Fairy, who had been doomed, for 
an offence against the Fairj' Queen, to love him heartily 
for a whole twelvemonth. Music to her ear was the 
clanking of his sword against his rusty iron armour. 
He was popr because he was quarrelsome, although the 
world contained many a smooth and thriving man whose 
heart, shown fairly against Sir Aylevan's, was but as 
fat of hogs to frankincense. 

Golden sunlight streamed among the pine-trees, and 
fell broken into a thousand fragments on the fern and 
foxglove, among which Sir Aylevan was resting in his 
armour, while his horse followed the sound of running 
water to a fountain near at hand. Worried by gnats, 
the Knight leapt to his feet, and fighting savagely with 
his tormentors, chased them through the trees until he 
lost the brake in which he had been resting. The way 
back to it could not be found, and the mischance was 
serious, for in that brake his faithful horse awaited him. 
Up started a hare, and ran against his leg. It was poor 
little Fairy Saintfoin. Sir Aylevan fiercely pursued 
the hare, and lost her at the tree beside which his own 
horse was standing. Then the Knight, forgetful of his 
rage, patted the steed fondly, for he loved him as a 
friend, Bnd mounted to pursue his journey. 

But the shades of evening had fallen, and the night 
breeze touched the forest. Lofty trees creaked in the 
wind, and rubbed their stems together, making weird 
sounds in the lonely wilderness. The breeze was cold. 
A speck of light shone down the bridle-path before the 



Sir Aylevan. 39 

traveller, and as he stumbled forward, leading his horse 
by the bridle, he caiue to a little girl carrying a pine 
torch that burnt wilh a green flame. 

" Do yoii belong, child, to a cottage in which I may 
rest?" 

. "Our house is but a cave. Sir Aylevan," the child 
replied. 

" What, little one ! you know my name?" 

" Sir, all the forest knows how you have burnt your 
home behind you, and are come out to redress the 
wrongs of which the world is fnll." 

The Knight, with a grim look, shouldered his lance, 
and its pennon was heard flapping in the night wind. 

" Am I your jest?" he said. 

" By the moon, no ! " said the child. " I worship 
you, and come to beseech that you will rest to-night in 
our unworthy cave." 

The child — it was little Sainlfoin again — led the way. 
But the night moths were attracted by her torch ; and 
from, a tremendous hawk-moth Sir Aylevan received a 
blow upon the face that was not to be passively endured. 
Convinced that he should recognise that moth, the 
warrior leapt suddenly upon his horse, and plunged 
among the trees ; but A^ery soon the roots of trees lurk- 
ing in darkness, brought the good horse down upon his 
fenees, and threw Sir Aylevan against a pine-stei^. 

Little Saintfoin went to her cave in the forest, where 
two giants, husband and wife, waited upon her, and 
sent them to fetch Sir Aylevan. Hoy a, the she-giant, 
had been cured by Saintfuin of a grievous malady. In 
gratitude, she and her he-giant Hayo had now coine to 
attend on the good Fairy dniing her year's exile, and 
prot^t h^r against evil-doers. Hoya brought v^lt 



40 Fairy Tales. 

Aylevan to the cave, stunned as he was, in a fold of her 
apron. Hayo followed with the Knight's horse in his 
pocket. Knight and horse were then tenderly laid in 
clover, and the horse was satisfied. 

When Sir Aylevan recovered a part of his senses, he 
found himself reclining upon moss, clover, and lavender- 
blossom, in a large chamber^ of which the walls were* 
thickly overgrown with living leaves and flowers, dotted 
with birds'-nests, out of which a sleepy chirp came now 
and then. The roof was mossy rock, brightened with 
needle points of crystal, and through a riffc* in the far 
corner of it, fringed with fern and foxglove, shone a 
bright planet from the outer sky. On a huge bed of 
clover, near that entrance to the cave, the he-giant lay 
sleeping. His wife nodded over a sapphire table, upon 
which the Fairy's pine-torch, standing upright, as it 
seemed, by its own power, burnt with a green, smoke- 
less flame. Heaps of flowers were about the room, and 
upon these fawns, leverets, and brilliant butterflies 
weie resting. The whole chamber was smoothly car- 
peted wilh growing heather. There was a hushing 
sound of music in the air, subtle as odour from the 
flowers, and as free from all the grating on the sense 
that comes with music jarred out of a mortal instrument. 
Sir Aylevan listened with his eye fixed on the star, 
before which a fern- top waved in the night breeze. 
Suddenly something else flitted before the star, and a 
great moth entering the cave, hummed its way to the 
torch light. Sir Aylevan's rage instantly returned upon 
him. Was he still defied? Immediately rushing out 
upon the enemy, he slew him in his dance about the 
torch, bringing down his iron hand upon the moth, and 
ending its life with a crash upon the sapphire table. 




'f^m 



Sir Aylevaiz, 43 

The giantess ceased nodding, aiid juinped to her feet. 
Sir Aylevan, gazing down on the dead moth, was tear- 
ing his beard in dismay. "Alas! alas!" he cried, "un- 
just that I am ! I was insulted by a Hawk, and I have 
slain a Spinner." Hoy a took the mailed Knight up in 
•her arms, and walked about the room with him, dancing 
him, and hushing him, as if she were his nurse, and he 
a baby. Then, when he ceased shrieking ; in despair, 
<$ai'eless of all she did, arid only thinking of the innocent 
life ho had taken ; she laid him down upon his bed, 
and gave him his " spear to pjay with, pointing the thick 
«id in an inviting manner near his mouth, under the 
-firm belief that he might like to suck it. Those giants 
and giantesses have not many ideas. Hoya had had 
babies of her own, bigger and fiercer than Sir Aylevan, 
'and as she had been a careful mother to them, so she 
'Would be, she was resolved, to the poor little foundling 
for which her tender-hearted Saintfoin had shown pity. 
Samtfoin had, with tender care and magic art, helped 
ter, poor clumsy mother of giants as she was. And 
now it pleased the same kind spirit to take pity on an 
outcast baby of her race. Men did not frequent the 
-wood in which Sir Aylevan was found ; it was the 
home of a wild tribe of giants to which Saintfoin had 
l)een -banished. The Knight's steed was, in Hoya's 
eyes, the toy horse which had been brought for him by 
his father from the distant cultivated plains. 

" Has one of my coach-horses been this way?" asked 
a voice from the rift that served as entrance to the 
cavern. The moon now shone over the edge of it, and 
against the moon there stoyd out, black as a chafer, the 
fonn of a tiny woman in a peaked cap, with a broad, 
flat nose, thick lips, and eyes like red embevs. 



44 Fairy Tales. 

*' No, Madam," said Hoya ; *' no coacli-horses." 

" One of my korses flew this way when we were un- 
harnessing, and I shan't sleep till it is found. Ho, ho I" 
said the tiny woman, " what have you there upon your 
tahle ?" The ill-looking little visitor spread out a pair 
of beetle- wings, and blundered down towards the moth. 
"Where's your mistress?" she said, viciously. **Tell 
her Madam Pidge is here." 

" My mistress is out, and is not to be in till morning, 
Madame Pidge," said Hoya. 

*' Pretty doings," Pidge sneered. " But I '11 kill her 
if she kills my horses. That's ray horse, and the chit 
Saintfoin shall answer for it. I know where she is; 
and, if I don't kill her, Oberon shall he told how she 
hides and peeps down at his people in the mushroom- 
ring. A mean little set they are ; hut they had sense 
enough to turn her out, and now, you great woman, she 
shall learn what it is to have me for a neighhour. I 've 
taken a little place close hy, because I mean to have my 
eye upon her, and there now — you see what she is ! I 
have only just arrived, they unharness my travelling 
carriage, and already she has killed one of my horses !" 

Madam Pidge threw herself ahout the cave, and then 
tumbled out through the feni at the entrance in a 
mighty passion. Hoya was vexed and alarmed. She 
roused her sleeping hushand with the shout that Saint- 
foin was in danger. "Go, watch or warn her," she 
said. " You '11 find her, if the moon shine, in the emptj' 
robin's nest that overlooks the Fairy ring. In the 
moonlight, you know, she is no bigger than this hahy's 
thumh, so keep your eyes ahout you. Don't approach 
the nest, hut watch it. If you go near while the 
Fairies that she slips away to watch are frolicking 



Sir Ayhvan. 45 

about, they will be playing you some idle trickB, 
When Baintfoin comes in your wa3% warn her that 
Madam Pidge has taken a place near her, and is deadl'y 
spitefal, because this beast of a baby has killed one of 
her coach-horses." Hoy a, while Hayo climl)ed out of 
the cavern, took up out of his bed the still whimpering 
Sir Aylevan, stood him upright upon her lap, shook 
him, and showed him the dead moth upon the table. 
" Do you see there, what mischief you have done, you 
vicious child ? " 

" Wretch that I am," cried Sir Aylevan. *' It is a 
Spinner." 

"What do you say?" 

" It is the wrong sort of moth ! " 

" Sure enough it is the wrong sort of moth. Its 
death may be the death of dear little Saintfoin. Why 
did she ever take you in ! But come, since you are 
here and in my charge, you must be washed and dressed. 
What nurse, I wonder, put a baby into clothes like 
these !*' said Hoya. And she began to peel Sir Aylevan 
out of his armour as one peels a shrimp. The Knight 
shrieked with rage, and Hoya, who had peeled one of 
his legs, was throwing her baby into fits by a series of 
motherly attempts to pacify him, when there was a 
sound of gay laughter at the entrance to the cavern, 
and little Saintfoin was seen in the moonlight, spread- 
ing her light wings to descend. When she reached the 
floor of the cave and was fairly out of the moonlight, 
she grew to the stature of a little child again. 

** Hoj'^a, dear," she said, " what a comical great blun- 
derer you are. Don't make pap for Sir Aylevan. He 
is a brave man, and as you are a sort of woman and I 
am a sort of woman, shall I tell you a wom^n'^ ^^^^l^X. 



46 Fairy Tales, 

in your ear?" Saintfoin ran up Hoya's knees*, and 
sitting upon her shoulder, whispered : " Oberon has 
given him to me to be loved." From the shoulder of 
the giantess, Saintfoin looked down at Sir Ay ley an, who 
then lay quite still looking up at her out of the grinning 
giantess's lap. 



CHAPTER II. 

SIK AYLEVAN LOOKS IN UPON MADAME PIDfJE. 

Ix the meantime good-natured Hayo stalked into the 
wood, and knovdng the lack of brains by which a giant 
suffers when he has the sport of the good Fairies, or the 
malice of the wicked Fairies, to contend with, he resolved 
to bring to the aid of Saintfoin not his own head only, 
but the united wits of a large number of his friends. 
There might be brains enough in fifty giants for the 
errand on which he was sent ; therefore he kicked up 
fifty of his friends whose lairs in the wood he perfectly 
well knew, and the faintest perception of some help 
that they might bring to Saintfoin , was enough to join 
them heartily together. The poor little outcast Fairj', 
housed among these giants, had done them all so many 
tender services with her bright Fairy wit and brighter 
Faiiy nature, that the whole tribe of big people cherished 
ber and worshipped her. Her heart did indeed yearn 
for the fellowship of her old comrades within the Fairy 
ring, but if in her exile there was consolation to be had 
^n giants, these were the giants to console her. 

llayo, as leader of a herd of fifty, then proceeded 
through the forest to the Fairy ring. Giants can trample 



Sir Aylevan, 47 

brushwood, overtliraw trees, and cause the eaitli to 
shake with the weight of their rush, but they resemble 
their third cousins, the elephants, in being also able to 
move noiselessly and leave no broken twig upon their 
path, to lie hidden among the leaves, and be discovered 
only by the shining of their eyes when one is close upon 
their feet. When Ha3'0 and his friends had glided near 
the Fairy ring, and the tall fellows who were nearest 
could even see the moonlit sward and Fairies like a 
swarm of grasshopper leaping about on it, they drew 
together, and having decided on their course of action, 
were picketed by Hayo round the robin's njest. The 
peak of a little' cap was seen in it, and now and then a 
dull red gleam of light shone over its edge. Saintfoin, 
no doubt, was there. The fifty giants therefore fixed 
their hundred eyes upon the robin's nest, and were ati 
Argue watchful of their favourite. ITiey waited patiently 
until the moon sank in the. heavens, and the white dew 
began to rise among the tree-steins as a streak of dawn 
appeared. Then all the Fairies vanished, and the peaked 
cap rose high enough in the robin's nest to show a pair 
of dull red eyes and a broad flat nose and thick lips. 
Every giant saw at thia same instant that it was not 
Saintfoin. Of course it was Pidge. Hayo dimly sup- 
posed that it was Madam Pidge, who was a new resident 
in the forest about whom the other giants knew nothing 
at all. 

Without loss of time Pidge mounted a large cockchafer 
and rode away, but on the road her steed, puzzled 
among the darkness of the tree-tops, became entangled 
in the long dark hair of Hayo, who was upon duty as 
one of the pickets. Madam Pidge looked down to see 
the oanse of stoppage, and observing that the leg;s o^ \v^\ 



48 Fairy Tales. 

steed were entangled in the hair of some clumsy, earl}-- 
rising giant, she dug spitefully the point of her wand 
into Hayo's head, muttered a charm, and immediately 

- all the hair dropped from it. Then Madam rode on, 
leaving behind her a bald-headed giant The fiftv 
friends would all have pursued Madam Pidge, if some 
of them had not been thrown into bewilderment by 
sight of the smooth expanse left in place of Hayo's bushy 
hair, A dozen of the pickets did, however, follow noise- 
lessly upon the track of the malicious Fairy, jmd they 
ran her down to a hole in the rock under which Saint- 
foin lived. The hole was directly over the rift that led 
down into little Saintfoin's cavern. 

The dozen giants then laid themselves down among 
the bushes and cmnched pine-cones, for they had grown 
hungry. Their companions arrived somewhat later, in 
high wrath, and departed again to consult with other 
giants of the forest. Hayo, rubbing the bare crown of 
his head, re-entered Saintfoin's cavern. 

During all this time, Saintfoin, who had rescued her 
knight from the attentions of his nurse, had not been 
sitting like a little mouse in her hole, perfectly still. 
Hoy a fairly perceiving that Sir A3^1evan could run alone, 
set him, brimful of wrath and remorse, upon his feet 
again. Saintfoin with childish tenderness touched one 
of his hands, looked up into his face, and said : " Father 
Aylevan, take me upon your lap." She spoke in such 

loving tones that no mood could interpret into mockery. 
"Child, child!" answered the knight. "I am a 

wicked miserable wretch ; guilty and well-deserving to 

he scorned." 

-L-ittle Saintfoin has been made to love you. Father 
Aylevan," the Fairy shily said. " It was not told her 



Sir Aylevan. 49 

how she was to do it, bat her heart has taught her she 
must love you very dearly as a little child. Father 
Aylevan, let Saintfoin sit upon your knee." The knight 
sat down stubbornly ; then Saintfoin, being settled in his 
lap, nestled her head against his bosom, and looked up 
with dark blue trusting eyes into his face. The sullen 
man's hand strayed unconsciously among her silken 
ringlete. 

" Let me tell you a story," said the child. " Once 
upon a time, there was a poor little bit of a Fairy, that 
was I, who fell out of favour at court, and was told she 
must love a knight, that was you, whom she was accused 
falsely of slandering." 

'* You slander ! " cried Hoya. " You, who can love a 
toad ! I do not mean this toad," she added, shrugging 
her mighty shoulders at the knight. Sir Aylevan's eyes 
flashed. 

" Listen to me, father," said the fairy : " Hoya is like 
a thousand other folk, she has a heart larger and 
warmer than her tongue. I did not slander you, but 
some one did." 

"Who, who?" 

■^ Somebody, father, — who, I know not, — somebody 
who paid, I think, a high price for the power of belying 
me, and who has taken upon herself punishment enough. 
For a week I was absent from the Fairy court, and yet, 
as if I had been there, accused of poisoning its pure air 
with my slander of some angry knight who had become 
my jest. Therefore they banish me. When I returned 
to my own people, I was already condemned to be an 
exile among the good monsters in this wood. Also I 
was to love you. Love is easy. Exile very, very hard." 

Aylevan, as she said this^ put his arm about h^r^ 



50 Fairy Tales. 

The good heart of frankincense was warming and already 
giving out its fragrance. 

" But if you loved the Fairy-land, poor little one, why 
did you leave it ? You were absent for a week ! " 

" Only a week ! " sighed Saintfoin. *' When my play- 
fellow's red lips were dry, and when his dimpled smile 
was fe,llen in the hoUowness of pain and death, he tossed 
three weeks upon his little bed. Housewife Bridget, 
who lives by my own meadows outside the forest, had in 
her cottage a bright golden boy. She called him Kobin. 
He was about three years old. We used to play together 
in the house and out among the daisies. I would sit in 
the room unseen and watch for his being set 'down from 
his father's knee^of him I learnt. Father Aylevan, how 
children love. He was the chosen partner of my frolics. 
Sometimes I dared even to tickle him and smile at him 
when he lay in his mother's lap. Ah, Eobin, dearest 
little dainty Eobin ! " Saintfoin rocked herself and was 
silent, for she was in tears. 

" Well? " said the Knight presently, putting his other 
arm about her. 

" Madam Pidge shook fever over the house because I 
loved the child, and I — I did not know it, till the little 
lips could answer no more to my kisses. I went to the 
cottage for my pleasure, and there was Death sitting in 
the porch. I entered, and there was an Angel bent over 
the little cot, watching the labour and the rattle of my 
Kobin's breath. Who was I then? I sat still under the 
warm, holy shadow of the Angel's wings, and covered 
my face when the little soul was lifted to its rest upon 
the Angel's bosom. I would have comforted the mother, 
but how could I ? Ah, what comfort can a Fairy bring 
to the heart-broken mother when the cofSn of her darling 



Sir Aylevan. 51 

is within her doors ! I was but a playfellow, and she — 
Angels abided by her. As for me, I watched by the 
tiny coffin of my darling till they took it where I could 
not follow." 

The Knight bent his head over little Saintfoin's weep- 
iiig face and kissed her on the forehead. 

*' Pidge is at the bottom of everything," Hoya cried, 
and at this moment the bald-headed Hayo re-entered the 
cavern. 

" Husband ! " cried Hoya, " where have you left your 
hair ? " 

" It is Madam Pidge who has been shaving me. But 
Saintfoin is here. It is all right. Ill make myself a wig 
of the beards of wild barley. I mean that you, Hoya, 
shall make me one." 

" Pidge again ! " Hoya cried. '* We must do some- 
thing to Pidge ! " 

*' Pidge ! " shouted Sir Aylevan, tenderly putting 
Saintfoin down, as he leapt up. ** The name flashes upon 
me ! It is she I By all my chimneys that have smoked 
— by all the thorns that have lurked in my chairs — by 
all the gnats that have beset my bed - by all the frogs 
that have been fished out of my soup — by all the doors 
that have scrooped. — all the beds that have groaned — all 
the dogs that have howled beneath my window ! By 
the fire that I set to a house no longer to be endured, 
Pidge is my enemy as well as yours ! I have heard rats 
squeak her name in the night. I have heard it hooted by 
the owl my arrow would not pierce. I have heard cats 
shriek it on my roof, and ravens croak it at my door. 
Me Pidge has tormented! But I am an ugly selfish 
brute ! Baldheaded giant, you love Saintfoin and hate 
Pidge. Give me my l^ce^ and let us go!" Ho^«*^^®» 



52 Fairy Tales. 

gone already, for the bald head of her husband troubled 
her; she was not gifted with original ideas, she was 
doing as she was told, gathering wild barley to plait 
into a wig. 

The dawn had been filling the cave with soft shadow- 
less tight, and the birds in it were twittering their 
morning songs. A beam of morning sunshine gilded the 
ferns at the cavern's mouth, and slanted down upon its 
carpeting of heather. The butterflies dashed into it, 
the leverets and fawns leapt from their beds and gathered 
about Saintfoin. A bear came to the cave's mouth, and by 
thrusting his head in, shut out some of the morning's light 
while he peered down with friendly and expectant eyes. 

" Look at that stupid old Bruin," Saintfoin laughed. 
" He punishes me with his friendship for having called 
off from his head a swarm of bees." But Saintfoin gave 
her friend, the bear, a pleasant nod, and set for him upon 
her floor a hollow gourd full to the brim with honey. 
Feeling his way carefully down the rock, Bniin came in 
and breakfasted. 

It was not easy for Sir Aylevtin in the kind little 
child Fairy's cave to keep his pot of passion boiling. 
Saintfoin was at work like a good housekeeper upon the 
furnishing of breakfast for her guests. To the bear and 
the butterfly she was alike a friend. The race of giants 
was devoted to her service, and the leveret slept free 
from care under her roof. 

" Let your lance rest," said the Faiiy to Sir Aylevan. 
A wave of her hand covered the table with a breakfast 
of sweet fruits, fresh milk, bread white as milk, and 
wine that glowed as if a summer-day had been dissolved 
in it. " We must all breakfast. Father." 

" But your wrongs, your wrongs " — 



Sir Aylevan. 53 

** Ah ! Father Aylevan," she answered, " evil suffered 
carries lighter pain than evil done. If it be true that 
Madam Pidge bore my shape for a week in presence of 
our good Titania, she paid a full price for the luxury of 
so much spite." 

" What price ? " the Knight asked. 

"Her whole Fairy life beyond. Within six years, or 
instantly upon the touch of some herb — what it is I do 
not know — she must become a Bat, to live a bat*s life, 
and to perish as a bat. Let her alone ! If she has 
wronged me, she has paid her price. And for the harm 
she has done you, why care ? I can rebuild your house," 

" She shall vex earth no more ! " shouted Sir Aylevan. 
'* Where is she ? " 

"Overhead," answered Hayo. Saintfoin started and 
shrank. "We have traced her to a nest above this 
cavern. My mates are outside, keeping an eye upon her." 

"She is there for mischief to your little mistress," 
said the Knight. " This must not be. Give me my 
lance, and let us go. I will look in at once on Madam 
Pidge." 

The wise little Fairy had a wholesome faith in courage. 
When Sir Aylevan, with Hayo for his squire, scrambled 
up out of the cave, she sat down on the heather, rested a 
little hand on the neck of a fawn that came towards her 
for a fondling touch, and thoughtfully looked down upon 
the heather blossoms. The morning sun, that had been 
struggling through a cloud, broke loose and darted a 
bright ray across her golden tresses. She would save 
Sir Aylevan, if harm should threaten. As for Madam 
Pidge, she was, of course, safe from the thrust of mortal 
spear. 

" Stay here," said the Knight to the giant, when they 



54 Fairy Tales. 

were outside the cave. " Only raise me upon your 
shoulder until you can thmst me head first into Pidge's 
hole." 

Hayo, faithfully doing as he was bidden to do, shot 
Sir Aylevan head first into the dwelling-place of Madam 
Pidge. The descent within was steep, and the Knight 
fell heavily. When he arose, fierce with wrath, he found 
that he had fallen at the feet of Madam, who was sitting 
with a live toad half-skinned in her lap. 

** Ah, here you are," she said. **I knew yon would 
come to spend a long day in my little place, and, as yoa 
see, am just preparing dinner." 



CHAPTER in. 

EVERYBODY GOES TO COURT. 

Though Madam Pidge had been a veiy short time in her 
chamber, she had made it very loathsome, and all that 
he saw in it made the good Knight more angry. " Go 
on," said Pidge, when he reviled her. " Make festival, 
and spare not. Foul words, you know, are meat and 
drink to me. But tell me, who killed my off leader ? " 

"If that creature was in your power," the Knight 
answered, "Spinner though he was, I can forgive myself 
for having put him out of pain. You are my prisoner.'* 
Pidge laughed in scorn, and he went on with fury. 
" You defile a woman's shape I But you have shape of 
woman, and I cannot strike! You are my prisoner ! 
Here, In jour den, I take you I " 
''In my den, Xnight, it is 1 vjl:iO take ^owj" Yv^'^ 



Sir Aylevan^ 55 

answered, with a sneer. Then, leaping up to the entrance 
near the roof, through which Sir Aylevan had tumbled, 
" I yield to you," she said, " this room, and, that you 
may not refuse my gift, will lock the door behind me as 
I leave. Pray eat whatever you find in my larder. I 
shall go and quarter myself upon Saintfoin. But, wait. 
What do I see ? Ho, ho I Sir Knight. You came up 
against me with a host of giants at your back. Let 
them look to themselves ! " 

There were by this time a hundred giants engaged in 
the siege of Pidge's nest, and Hayo was their general. 
By his order they were amassing heaps of all the herbs 
that grew in and around the forest, because he had picked 
,out of Saintfoin's story the important fact that there was 
some herb, which, if it touched Madam Pidge, would 
put an end to all her troubling. His plan was, that, 
when she appeared, his big brethren should discharge 
against her at random every green thing that could be 
pulled. He hoped that some one of them would perhaps 
give her the finishing touch. 

. While Madam at the entrance to her nest paused, and 
looked down spitefully upon the stupid monsters lumber- 
ing among the pine-trees, carrying whole stacks of leaves, 
and herbs, and wild flowers, she was descried by Hoya. . 
At the moment when that faithful giantess was covering 
her husband's baldness with the matted beards of the 
wild barley, she gave the word, and, as if whirled by a 
hurricane, the storm beat upon Madam Pidge. Away 
flew Adder's Tongue and All Heal, Sulphurweed, Sedge, 
Madder, Fern, Basil and Bryony; .after them were 
hurled Fleabane, Fool's Parsley, Borage, Nightshaidft^ 
Goose Grass, Saxifrage and Duckweed. "Hlo^^ ^^-wa.^ 
and Hedge Mustard sang through t\x6 a\r, viVScl ^oiwa 



56 - Fairy Tales, 

and Mandrake, Pennyroyal, Ivy, Poppy, Thistle, Teasel, 
Tootliwort and Timothy Grass, Vetch, Yarrow, Whortle- 
berry, Hogweed, Nettle, Wolfsbane, Purple Loose-strife, 
and whatever other herb was to be found. The younger 
giants, capering with joy, brought more and more 
ammunition to the field, and three times Madam Pidge 
was, by the hurtling storm, knocked back into her den. 

"What do the louts mean?" she cried. *'I would 
make stones of them, if stones could feel my revenge." 
Then she espied, in his yellow wig, Hayo directing the 
assault. "That is the monster in whose hair I was 
caught last night. He was in Saintfoin's cavern, too. 
Been thatching his head with wild barley, has he? 
Oaf! Every beard's point shall be a poisoned barb!. 
Shout gaily till I come to you and change your music I " 

Madam Pidge caused a mass of rock to roll over the 
entrance to her den, and shot herself like an arrow at 
the head of Hayo. A wild shout of exultation burst 
from the throats of all the giants, as a grey bat was seen 
beating its wings against their leader's ears. Praised in 
song be the wild barley ! Wild barley was the herb. 
Now Madam Bat might fly her highest. She could not 
escape the long arms of a hundred giants. Twelve of 
them falling on the rock, tore open a free passage for 
Sir Aylevan, while Saintfoin stood among the ferns upon 
the threshold of her cavern. Hayo must hold the bat 
in his hand tenderly, while Hoya wove for it a cage of 
twigs. 

"Until midnight only," Saintfoin said, "this bat must 

remain a prisoner. Three blood-red hairs over the heart 

mark animals like this. And now my Queen may know 

that it was not her handmaid Saintfoin who defiled the 

BIT with slander.'* 



Sir Aylevan. 57 

The cage was soon made, and the bat safely imprisoned. 
But the giants were all sitting about the place, munching 
again at the pine-cones, and making holiday among 
themselves. 

It was a day of ideas for them. They had thought of 
something else. They would escort their little Saint- 
foin back- to Fairy-land, and see that she was properly 
received by Oberon. In vain their darling laughed at 
them, pleaded, -and scolded. Being stupid, they had 
full right to be obstinate. Instead of yielding, they 
made matters worse. Saint foin, trembling with tender 
expectation, longed to slip back alone, like a forgiven 
child, and receive from Titania the kiss so long denied. 
But he^ there were not only all the giants in the forest 
stubbornly determined upon going with her : all her 
friends were agreed to see her home, and break into the 
Fairy circle if she were repulsed. When evening came, 
the bear only paced about under the trees ; he would 
not sleep. The butterflies and the birds stniggled, by 
help of incessant chirping and fluttering, to keep them- 
selves awake. Moonrise might have been sunrise, for the 
stir of life thSit it excited. 

Fairy Saintfoin, nothing doubtful of the gentleness of 
her own race, and having nothing worse to dread than 
kindly laughter, quietly submitted. To have gone to 
Court with none except Sir Aylevan and the convicted 
Pidge was her desire. But the will of the forest ordered 
otherwise. First, there were to march Hayo, in his wig 
of wild barley, and Hoya carrj^ing the bat in her cage of 
twigs. But the bear had his own private obstinacy, and 
considered himself, for reasons known to himseK ouIy^ 
entitled to walk hrat in the procession. ^^ ^x^w^^^j^^ 
own right so £ercely, that they left laim to \i\«» V^, 



58 Fairy Tales. 

Bruin, therefore, walked first, looking constantly back, 
round the sides, and between the legs of the giant and 
his wife, at Saintfoin, who rode before Sir Aylevan, 
nestled within one of his arms, and, although it was 
moonlight, still having the figure of a child. Behind 
them there came tramping among the pine-trees the pro- 
cession of the giants, and above came the light flying 
squadron of the butterflies and all the birds by whom 
the march music was played. It was not performed by 
them very briskly, for, in spite of all their efforts, they 
were sleepy, and flew often against the trees. Among 
the trees, on either side, ran a swift crowd of leverets 
and fawns and gentle creatures of the wood. 

Sir Ay le van's red hair and j'^ellow face, his green eyes 
and blue nose, seemed handsome in the moonlight. Or 
it may be that there was something at his heart which 
gave a glory to his face. In the rich glow of all the 
love about her, Saintfoin*s cheek flushed, and her heart 
throbbed with an eager, yearning sympathy. 

The giants did not break into the Fairy ring that night. 
Before they marched into its glade, the Fairy revellers 
themselves had broken out of it. Saintfoin alone saw 
that the Fairy Queen stciod in the path before them, un- 
til, when they were close to her, the bear lay down and 
licked the earth on which. she stood. She held her hand 
to Saintfoin, who at once leapt as a tiny Fairy to her 
side. " I know, " she said, " what evil I have done. Let 
the bat fly whither she will. Our wrong has not been 
done to Saintfoin only. If one Fairy can gather to her- 
self out of the pine -forest this world of love, the pines axe 
not so gloomy and the giants not so dull as we supposed. 
Therefore our Fairy ring is broken. Worthy giants, 
we claim fellowabip with you ; your -wWdexiifi^a ^^aa\N.\i^ 



Sir Aylevan. 59 

our home. To-night our revels will be held in Saint - 
foin's cavern." Then Titan ia laid her hand upon the 
head of Hayo, and his barley- wig flowed into hair that 
was the wonder of all giants and the pride of Hoya. 
And again, floating in the air, she laid her hand over 
the heart of Sir Aylevan, where Saintfoin's head had 
rested, bidding him turn his horse, and ride to his own 
house. 

He turned and rode home in the moonlight, nothing 
doubting, and he found his home. Thenceforth, he 
lived in peace. The frankincense of his heart was 
melted in a Fairy censer, and the world about him was 
the temple that its perfume filled. His home seemed to 
be lonely ; he was ill-favoured, and sought no wife. But 
sometimes, when, after a day worthily spent, he sat, at 
twilight, by the embers in his great dim hall, he saw the 
silken locks of his child Fairy scattered upon his arm, 
and might look down into her deep, blue eyes, glittering 
up at him with smiles or tears, or shining steadily with 
love. To Sir Aylevan, in his joy and in his sorrow, often 
there came the little Saintfoin, claiming right to nestle 
on his lap. So there was no place like that home of his, 
and no child dearer to its mother than that fondling 
Fairy to the Knight. 



60 Fairy Tales. 



A LOVEK OF JUSTICE. 



** I woNDEB," said a Sparrow, ** what the Eagles are about, 
that they don't fly away with the cats. And, now I 
think of it, a civil question cannot give offence.'* So the 
Sparrow finished her breakfast, went to the Eagle, and 
said: 

'* May it please your royalty, I see you and your royal 
race fly away with the kids and the lambs that do no 
harm. But there is not a creature so malignant as a cat. 
She prowls about our nests, eats up our young, bites off 
our own heads. She feeds so daintily that she must be 
herself good eating. She is lighter to carry than a kid, 
and you would get a famous grip in her loose fur. Why 
do you not feed upon cat ? " 

"Ah," said the Eagle, "there is sense in your 
question! I had the worm, too, here this morning, 
asking me why I did not breakfast upon sparrow. 
Do I see a morsel of worm's skin on your beak, my 
child ? " 

The Sparrow cleaned his bill upon his bosom and 
said : " I should like to see the worm who came to you 
with that inquiry." 

'* Stand forward, worm," the Eagle said. 

But, when the worm appeared, the Sparrow snapped 
him up and ate him. Then he went on with his argu- 
ment against the cats. 




VERY COMMON. 



" I woNDKR you can etand it," said the Ass to the Owl, 
who has an enormous character for wisdom. " Just look 
at your night- work ! " 

"Ah!" said the Owl, in reply, "If I had but your 
focility for public speaking ! " — 

" 0, 7es; J can epeak out in my xui© "via.^ ■, loaka 
cJamoor enough when I suppose I've got a ^;ne>^«risfe' 



62 Fairy Tales. 

But if you would learn oratory, go to our friend the 
Monkey here. What fluency, what vivacity, what 
action ! Our people may well bend their brows, and 
stop their ears, and ask, What can the Ass know? 
when I blurt out my feelings." 

" Just so," said the Monkey. * *' You see, my dear 
friend, you are too obtrusive, and our brother in the 
ivy-bush is too retired. I avoid everything so vulgar 
as a cry; I mix with the world, and — tik — I think I 
may account myself one of its powers." 

A weary man came by, carrying a heavy burden on 
his shoulders. 

" Poor fellow ! " said the gossips. 

" Poor fellow, you may say," replied the man ; " I've 
a long way to go, and only wish that one of you good 
creatures could find help as well as pity." 

" Help," said the Monkey; " of course we will help, 
for we are all concerned about you. Put your burden 
down." 

The man was ready to do that, and did it. 

" Now," said the Monkey to the Owl, " pray, bring 
the powers of your mind to bear upon this load." 

The Owl did so ; examined it, perceived a hole in it 
of size sufficient to contain himself, flew into it, and 
made his observations. " I shall ascertain for you," he 
said to the man, " the character of this mass, verj" 
shortly." 

But the Monkey said, " Of what help will be all your 
abstruse contemplation. The appeal is, in such a case, 
immediately to the feelings." And so, leaping upon 
the burden as upon a rostrum, h.e decVaivixife^ >N\\Xi «Ai\xcL%r 



Very Common. 63 

tion upon all the trouble that it gave. Sometimes his 
speaking broke upon the meditations of the Owl, and 
tickled him to short boo-hoos of laughter; sometimes 
the Ass lifted up his voice, and cried aloud. 

" Then said the man, " Unless we are soon moving, I 
shall not reach home to-night." 

But the Ass told him to be at ease upon that subject. 
*' Lay the load on my back, and show me where to go. 
As for the mere carr3^ing, I can do that for you. But 
don't disturb my friend the Owl ; what a head he has ! 
— ^and let the Monkey ride a- top of all, and speak. Did 
you ever hear such a fine orator? Don't mention the 
trouble of their weight, for they weigh nothing." 

The man then laid the load upon the Ass's back. 
The Monkey was left speaking on the top of it, the Owl 
sat in the middle, and the Ass plodded below. So the 
help really was given, and the man had to distribute 
thanks when he got home. 

The Monkey he admired most loudly for his wonderful 
gesticulation, and his happy way of fixing the attention. 
The Owl he declared to be the profoundest creature he 
had ever met. But to the Ass he said no more than, 
" Thank you, neighbour. I am much obliged to you, 
though I can see you have a very common sort of mind. 
All that you have done, I could have done myself, as 
you know very well." 



64 Fairy Tales. 



TOIL AND TRIUMPH. 



Every beast has Lis worshippers. In the middle of 
the table-land upon the top of a steep mountain was a 
temple dedicated " To the Strongest of the Strong." A 
loose rock lay before the temple-gate, and in the temple 
was to be set up the image of whatever creature should 
have strength to get it down into the valley. 

A thousand animals had come in turn and harnessed 
themselves to the giant stone, but had not moved it. 
Then the Lion came, and pulling mightily, dragged it 
with straining nerves across the level ground. He 
pulled until the weight was balanced by a hair's breadth 
on the edge of the descent. But then he paused. " Un- 
harness me," he said, "If I descend another step the 
great rock will roll over me and crush me. I abandon 
the adventure." So said the Lion, who pulled well but 
did not comprehend the art of pushing. 

When the Cock saw this, he flapped his wings, up- 
lifted his eyes, and crowed, " Fiddlededee ! What a 
noodle are you!" Getting behind the mass of rock, he 
flew at it, and the mere stroke of his wing was enough 
to set it rolling down the mountain side. 

The Lion shook his mane and stalked proudly to his 
lair. The image of the Cock was set up in the temple 
to the Strongest of ihe Strong. 




THE FAIRY MILL. 



CHAPTER I. 



Once upon a time there lived a Gaffer Blunt, who was 
an boneBt miller, and the only one of all hia nation, but 
he had no sons. Ho was a lean old man, with natural 
■white, as well as flour in Lib hair, with a bony, wrinkled 
fitce, tremulous hands, and tattered dusty c\ofti«&. '^^ax- 
drope often made iittle puddings in ftie conMitft titVva 



66 Fairy Tales, 

eyes, by rolling themselves over the flour that gathered 
in his wrinkles. 

Miller Blunt had an old wife, as honest, as lean, and 
as feeble as himself ; but within their stooping, totter- 
ing bodies, the old Gaffer and Gammer retained hearts 
as young and beautiful as that of the one child, the bud 
of their autumn, the plump little daughter, Althy, who 
would rather frisk with them than with the gayest of 
her child companions. Miller Blunt and his wife were 
children in their hearts. They starved secretly, and 
made great show of feasting, while they gave their sub- 
stance to the building up of a brave child. They talked 
like merry babies for her entertainment till she was in 
bed, and then sat in the dark by the mill door, with 
nothing but their love to light and warm them. The 
old wife would hold one of her husband's hands between 
her folded palms, and they would talk together of the 
little one. So they lived over again in memory the joys 
and sorrows of her day of dawning life, reciting to each 
other Althy's whims and words, until they crept away 
to sleep, and dreamt of her. 

These people occupied a ruinous old mill, standing 
alone upon a hill beside an inlet of the secu There 
were other mills on other hills ; but none so ruinous as 
this. Their owners took what they required out of the 
corn sacks, and yet knew how to return them full. 
Below the gi'assy mount which the mill crowned, were 
the rough stones of the shore, passing into a broad bank 
of mud covered only at high water by the estuary. 
From his mill door. Miller Blunt looked down upon 
a fort built to command the entrance to the harbour, 
thence he looked on to the great inlet of the sea and the 
wide ocean from which it flowed. Xcroaa \k^ "^«y^^ 



The Fairy Mill 67 

waves bis eye dimly discerned a line of palaces and 
temples, flashing now and then from golden minarets a 
starlike spot of light. There lay the wealth and power 
of the mighty city of Favilla, chief town of the empire 
of that name. 

" Only two pecks of flour to-day," said the old man 
one evening to the old woman, "and they will not be 
called for till to-morrow. Is there nothing, nothing in 
the house?" 

The Miller's wife looked grave. " If it were not a 
sin," she said, " to take a handful from that bag, only to 
make a little cake for Althy's supper. I cannot help 
the thought, husband." 

"What wonder?" said the Miller. "But we will 
not now, in our old age, depart from the just measiire." 

" For the first time in her life, supperless," the mother 
said ; " and see how she is running to us hungry from 
her play." 

The old man took the blooming child upon his knee. 
" You are ten years old, Althy," he said. 

" Yes," she answered ; " we are three old people. 
And I wonder how old is the mill !" 

."A broken-down mill, darling, is it not?" 

" All to bits," said the child. 

" Not a broken-down Miller, too, Althy. Not broken 
down, with you upon his lap. If your mother sits by 
your bed, and sings to you, can you sleep to-night with- 
out your supper ?" 

The child quietly put up her arms about his neck, 
and would have sobbed, had she not changed her mood 
by a brave effort. 

"Then," she said, "you must "botTa. "^\x\, tcl^ \.o\»^^ 
and let us have Tomp^J* 

^ "1 



68 Fairy Tales. 

Children are wiser than old people generally think. 
Althy raised the Gaffer and the Gammer into a high 
state of glee before she woidd begin to try to go to 
sleep. Then the old man came back into his cheerless 
room under the mill, and sat on a step of the ladder 
listening to the hum of his wife's voice as she crooned 
a sacred song over the child. 

But there was no food for her when she awoke. That 
must not be. So, when his wife came out on tiptoe 
from the little closet in which Althy slept, still hum- 
ming the tune in a low whisper, he began to button up 
his coat — cloak he had none — and told her that it was 
not too late to carry that small bag of flour home to its 
owner and- get paid directly for the grinding. Then 
he could buy something for breakfast before Althy 
woke. That was good sense, and not to be gainsaid. 
The Miller, therefore, slung the bag over his old 
shoulders and tottered away down the hill. 

His wife looked after him till he was out of sight, 
and then perceived a soft light in the room. She turned 
and saw that where the bag of flour had lain there 
stood a Fairy. 

*' Your husband," said the Fairy, " is a Just Man." 
" As just," said the old Dame, "as he is gentle." 
" And I see that he has not thriven by his honesty." 
** He has love and peace under his roof," the Gammer 
answered proudly. " That is thriving." 

"I will bring custom to his mill. It is no longer 
what it was this morning." 

**Ah," said the Gammer, "it was ruinous enough, 
but I have laid away my spectacles and cannot see 
where it is changed." 
**From the Fairy Court to-nig\it my ^osaV^a ^wv!CV ^^ 



The Fairy MiU. 69 

abroad, spreading a rumour of the truth. You will have 
much custom to-morrow, and grind other things than 
com. Whatever betides, fear nothing. Henceforth, 
this is a Fairy Mill." 

The Fairy vanished suddenly, and Gammer Blunt 
looked for her spectacles; but when she found them, 
and had lighted a small pine-stick to assist her in her 
exploration, she could see no change whatever and was 
very sure she had been dozing. As the pondering on 
dreams, like the telling of dreams, is idle work, she then 
began to look for the return of her hui^band, who came 
late, with sticks upon his back that he had stayed to 
gather by the way. 

" Our neighbour had no money ready," he said, " and 
as our need presses, I begged to be paid in flour. He 
was angry, and will deal with us no more ; but I am 
paid in flour enough to make a cake. We must rise 
early. Dame, and give the little one hot doughcake for 
her breakfast." 

With that comfortable thought for their own supper, 
the Miller and his wife retired. It was usual with 
them, for reasons of their own, to breakfast together 
before the awaking of the child. So, when Althy had 
her breakfast of hot cake there was a reserve of dumpling 
for her dinner, and of, at worst, some other form of 
flour and water for her tea. But to the new day would 
belong also, no doubt, some fresh morsel of earning for 
the maintenance of life in the mill. 

After breakfast, mother and daughter set forth to a 
village two miles inland, to fetch a bag of corn from a 
house that gave a trifle of work to the old Miller on that 
day in every week. 

The Gaffer went to meet the fexxy ixom^^-^'^^^'^l 



70 Fairy Tales. 

which, sometimes, there would come a heavy sack for 
him to grind. To-day, four warriors were in the boat, 
and when they asked, as they leapt out, for Blunt's mill, 
and were told that he was Miller Blunt, suddenly they 
made him their prisoner and marched him up to his 
own door again. There was a fleet of state barges half 
across the water and, in a very little time, the King of 
Favilla, with his glittering Court about him, and a troop 
of soldiers in gold armour, were also coming up the 
hill. 

" Is that the Miller ? " the King asked. 

The soldiers, who held him, bowed to the earth before 
their master and said, '* Yes." 

" Set your sails to the wind, my good man." 

Trembling in the presence of so much splendour, the 
poor old man obeyed. There was a stiff breeze, and 
soon the mill was in full sail, grinding heavily at 
nothing. 

"You venture to tell me that this is a Fairy Mill 
which grinds up all that is false, and lets all that is 
honest pass unhurt." 

"Sublime Lord," said the Gaffer, "no. This is a 
poor old mill that my father left to me when I was a 
boy, and by which I have striven hard to earn a feeble 
living." 

"Hear me, my man," said his Majesty. "Seventy- 
nine Lords of my Court dreamed last night that this 
mill was become as I say. They were told, also, in 
their dreams, that the truth o^ its power might be 
proved upon the Miller himself, who was honest enough 
to pass without a bruise from between his own mill- 
stones. Seventy-nine Lords do not dream one dream 
fomotbiDg. I myself, the King, 1 dreooi^ \\., «£i^\ 



The Fairy Mill. 71 

never dreara in vain. This shall be tried. Produce 
the cat." 

A cat, known to be false, having been brought in a 
bag for the purpose of experiment, was, by the King's 
order, cast into the mill, and came through it in the 
form of powder. 

'* Now," said his Majesty, " cast in the Miller." 

With a piteous glance in the direction of the village 
from which his old Gammer and his Althy must be by 
this time returning, Gaifer Blunt submitted to his fate. 
But he came out from between the stones without a 
bruise. His hair seemed to have, been newly combed, 
his clothes were smoothed, and the white dust had been 
brushed out of them ; there was no other change. 

" Miller," the King said to the astonished Gaifer, " I 
am your friend. Two trials more I have to make. 
Bring forward the diamonds." 

A handful of diamonds, equal in size, twelve of them 
true, the others false, were thrown into the mill. The 
twelve true diamonds fell out unhurt, the rest rained 
down as a fine powder. " And now," said his Majesty, 
*' the deeds." An armload of written parchment, com- 
posed partly of true documents partly of forged, was 
thrown into the mill. All the forged documents were 
ground to powder, but the true documents came out 
unharmed. 

" Enough," said the King. ** Present the bag." 

A bag that chanced to be of the exact size and form 
of the bag in which he had carried the flour home to 
his neighbour overnight, was then presented to the 
miller on a purple velvet cushion by four pages in amber 
satin. It was bursting with gold coiiia a^ \ax^<b %& 
oystsr-ehells. 



72 Fairy Tales. 

"YoTi will receive such a purse weeUy," said the 
King. The nation rents of you this Fairy Mill. No- 
thing is to pass through it except on a warrant under 
our Great Seal. To your proved honesty we trust the 
direction of the works. Guards will be set at the door, 
and the fort below shall be strongly held for the defence 
of our state Oracle." 



CHAPTER IT. 

sharp's mill. 

When Gammer Blunt came home with Althy, Althy 
trundling a bag of corn before her on a little wheel- 
barrow, there was a shining of gold armour and jewelled 
robes and a waving of soft many-coloured plumes and 
silken pennons all over the hill ; and up the hill there 
was the king folding the old man in a parting embrace, 
so that he was almost buried and lost under the folds of 
the royal mantle, which received upon it much stain 
of white powder from his clothes. The grand procession 
then marched down-hill to the barge, and its band went 
with it piping, trumpeting, and drumming. 

" My dream," said the Gammer, when her husband 
told her what he could understand about his morning's 
work. "Where all that gold is, stood the Fairy. 
Deary dear I What shall we do now with Madam Perk's 
corn I She must bake this evening, and the wheat can 
not bo ground by us without an order under the Great 
Seal ! Couldn't you run after the King and ask him for 
an order F" 



The Fairy Mill 73 

" I know what I shall do," said the old man. *' I must 
ask Miller Sharp, on the next hill, to grind this wheat 
for me." 

" But he will steal some and spoil the rest. The com 
is in our trust, husband, to deal justly with." 

" Miller Sharp," said the Gaffer, " will let me wait 
while it is ground, and will not quarrel if I give him 
one of these gold pieces." 

So, in his own plain-dealing way, the Gaffer made a 
clean breast of his case to his neighbour, who congratu- 
lated him with warmth on his good fortune, and delivered 
himself of a long whistle when he toddled away in the 
direction of Madam Perk's house, carrying- the just 
weight of honest flour. 

But the King of Favilla was the happiest of men. He 
exulted and he chuckled over his new mill till dinner- 
time, and after dinner as he sat in the midst of a heap of 
fruit on golden dishes, beside wine in jewelled jars and 
goblets, amused by lute-players and flute-players, and in 
company with all the chief men of his Court drest in- 
their best, he rose and drank, " To the regeneration of 
state ! Grist to the Mill ! " 

" Ha," he said as he sat down ; '* we shall be deceived 
no longer in this kingdom. We shall send everything 
through our Eoyal Mill. Gentlemen of the Ministiy 
and Privy Council, you will take precedence and submit 
to the test of truth to-morrow. We are assured already 
of your loyalty. For you this is but a form, in which it 
becomes the highest to set an example to those lower in 
estate." 

" Hear, hear," said the whole Court, with every man's 
eyes fixed on the King, His Majesty, i^a^m^ tlo 'W^i^ 
to the bint thus given him, went on to ^oy \X:ia.\» V^ 



74 Fairy Tales. 

Kliould expect every regiment in his army to be led in 
file between the mill-stones by the Commander-in-Chief 
and the great military officers. But, before the anny, 
he would offer the test to the church. Led by Arch- 
bishops and Bishops, all the clergy were io be submitted 
to the Fairy test. Then he would have the mill to 
grind over the members of the Great National Council. 
Then should follow the trade guilds. Ko time must be 
lost. The destruction of dishonesty throughout his land 
could not begin too soon or be carried on too rapidly. 
"It is our pleasure," he said, '* to begin with the Ministers 
of State at five o'clock to-morrow morning." 

" Would it not be inconvenient to your Majesty to rise 
80 soon ?" asked the Chief of his Council. *' Our sublime 
Lord does not usually quit his chamber before noon." 

" Ko matter," said the king. " We have evidence 
that the word of the Miller may be trusted. We depend 
on him." 

" We are in ecstacy, sublime Lord, with this opportu- 
nity of putting our truth to the tost, and will follow 
your Majesty even between the mill-stones." 

" Follow me I Pooh ! " said the King, " you know me 
well enough." 

" It's a mere question of form," said the Chief Lord. 
*' We all know that our sublime Lord is the most faith- 
ful among men. But how will the weak minds be 
strengthened when the becoming example has been set 
them by the highest in the land, and pledges of mutual 
fidelity are thus again exchanged between the King and 
People I Our master, as head of the Government, the 
Church, and the Army, will surely lead each section 
of the fitate in this path of improvement as in every 
oilier. " 



The Fairy Mill 75 

" You are quite right," said his Majesty. 

" Are orders to be given that your Sublimity's barber 
be in readiness at three to-morrow morning, that the 
sublime breakfast be laid at half-past three, and that 
the barge be in readiness at half-past four ?" 

*' Certainly," said the King. 

And in that mood his Majesty retired early to bed, 
but in that mood he was not found by the barber at 
three o'clock in the morning. The sublime breakfast 
waited eight hours and a-half. At noon his Majesty 
descended from his chamber. 

" It occurred to us in bed, my Lord," he said to the 
Chief of his Council, " that it was not worth while to 
rise in the middle of the night for the purpose of giving 
evidence on that which everybody knows. Neither is 
it fit that we should show the faintest distrust of the 
gentlemen of our court by asking for an extmordinary 
test of the fidelity they daily prove. In this emergency 
a question arises as to our royal self. I, myself, am 
determined to pass through the mill." 

" Ah, Sire," said the Chief Lord, " you cannot wound 
our feelings more than by the distrust of our reliance on 
your Excellency that you must show if you submit to 
the form of passing through this mill. But, alas ! you 
are resolved." 

" We are very resolved," the King said. 

Then the Chief Lord went out and gathered all the 
courtiers about the breakfast-table, to entreat his Majesty 
that he would display so much confidence in the respect 
felt for him by all his subjects as not to afflict them. 
Afflict them, he would, if he submitted himself to a test 
that would prove nothing more than tTiey eA-x^SLi^.^ Vxi^"^ ^ 
except Ms doubt of their true roverence iox «IXW\'^ ^Q^i^- 



76 Fairy Tales. 

ness and his greatness. Upon whicli, his goodness and 
his greatness said that, as it appeared they would not 
let him read his newspaper, in which he had found the 
report of a most excellent acquittal of a poisoner, unless 
he granted what they asked, he was forced to submission- 
Let them send to him his Librarian. 

The Librarian came. '* Load all my books," said his 
Majesty, " in wagons. Send them across the water to 
the Fairy Mill, and let them be revised." 

" But, sublime Lord—" 

" We will have no denial, no delay. If we do not 
send men in the flesh under the mill-stone, let them be 
tried as paper. Away ! Is there to be no peace for us, 
because the newspaper is readable this morning ? " 

The Eoyal Library went to the mill. After two days, 
his Majesty, about to ride out hunting, saw ten wagons 
loaded heavily witK flour sacks at his door. Then fol- 
lowed ten more wagons, packed to a great height with 
damaged books. Then followed the Librarian on horse- 
back, tearing his hair. 

" Sire, I resign ! " he shouted, when he saw the King. 
** Behold the condition in which your books have been 
sent back from yonder mill ! Some come with their 
covers almost gutted ; there is hardly one that has not 
sheets or pages torn away or mutilated. The King's 
library is reduced to half its size, and all that is left of 
it is in rags and tatters. It is a spectacle for honest 
men to weep over. Unless you hang that Miller, I 
resign," 

" Peace, friend," said the King. " We bhall now get 
a meal of knowledge from the pith of books. But what 
are these bags of flour?" 
'' The Miller, Sire,*' said a Captam oi G\x^t^, "-'^ox^^ 



The Fairy Mm. Ti 

not suffer them to be left. It is the dust of the lost 
books, and he seemed to consider the obtaining of it 
the chief purpose of our grinding. He reproved your 
officers, Sire, when they desired to leave the flour 
behind, and take only what he called the bran." 

" This is an honest fellow," said the King. " Fetch 
me a Trumpeter." 

The Trumpeter came. " Go out," said his Majesty, 
" and proclaim our vnll that all the goods in the shops 
of this city of Favilla be passed through the Fairy Mill. 
As soon as these carts are unloaded, let them convey 
the goods of the shopkeepers to the water-side." 

After a week, the King's breakfast-table was loaded 
with petitions, and his ways were beset with ruined 
tradesmen, groaning widows, and an angry populace. 

" I am a lost man," said the goldsmith. " You take, 
Sire, my chains and watches, and my sersaces of plate, 
returning only dust." 

" Doubtless," the King suggested, " your gold was of 
unjust quality, your powdered watches not what they 
professed to be." 

" I am undone," said the draper, ** by the grinding 
and the tearing of that mill." 

*' There will be no food left for the people," said the 
baker. " The demon mill has crumbled all my loaves." 

" Doubtless they were not so pure as you would have 
had men take them to be," said the King; "or they 
were short weight ? Sell honest bread, and never fear 
the Miller Blunt." 

The Miller Sharp saw how the tide was running. 
Court and city were in utter desperation, but the King 
was calm. Though hia books had been "maii^^^^ xoasK^ 
of bis State ornaments returned as powder, aiid «i.^V^^ 



78 Fairy Tales. 

service of plate, fraudulent in quality, had been ground 
into flour, lie was delighted with his milL He had put, 
for that last matter, his goldsmith in the stocks. 

Miller Sharp, when he saw how the public became 
more and more desperate about his Majesty's in&tua- 
tion, called on the Chief of the Council, and made a 
communication to that dignitary. The Chief of the 
Council then paid mysterious visits to great lords, who 
visited other lords, and after three weeks of outcry and 
confusion, there was a wide wonderment in the palace. 
This lord, that lord, and the other lord — seven hundred 
and ninety-three important people, when one came to 
number them — had all dreamt in one night that a mis- 
take had been made as to the situation of the Fairy 
Mill ; that Sharp's mill was the one indicated ; and that 
Gaflfer Blunt was a trickster, who had been seizing 
plate and jewels in exchange for flour. 

" The number of dreamers is great," said the King. 
" But it is strange that I am not among them. Let us 
try Sharp's mill." 

The State barges went again over the ferry, and the 
Miller Sharp found himself suddenly seized. He had 
already removed his mill-stones, and when told that he 
must pass through the hopper, made no diflBculty, and 
came down through the free space he had made for him- 
self, looking as honest as he could. 

" Very good," said the King. " Produce the cat!" 

• " But Miller Sharp, knowing his Majesty's antipathy 

for cats, and having heard his neighbour's story, was 

prepared for any test of this sort. The lords, who 

were conspirators with him, let the cat loose on the 

roof, while there was dust thrown before the King's 

ej'es for hia satisfaction. 



The Fairy Mill 79 

The conspiracy, in short, succeeded. Miller Sharp 
buried his mill- stones in ten feet of earth, and let every- 
thing pass through his mill unhurt, to the delight of 
everybody : except when he could, without risk of 
offending men in power, seize for his own use some 
poor man's goods, and throw down dust for them as 
evidence that his mill really had discrimination. 

Sharp's mill, therefore, was praised of men. Gaffer 
Blunt's premises were searched ; but as there could be 
found nothing that would convict him of a robbery, and 
the King himself had not dreamed of his dishonesty, he 
simply was deprived of all that had been given him and 
all that he had, except the mill. The weekly bag of 
gold was transferred to his neighbour. 

Now, therefore, on many a night, little Althy really 
had to go without her supper. The old Gaffer lived by 
labour of his body, for his mill, clever as it was, would 
not grind wheat into flour, even if the old custom had 
returned to it. 



CHAPTER III. 



DUST. 



Far away, among inland glades, the Fairies played 
under the Midsummer moon. Time slips but lightly 
over Fairy-land. Seven years had run by since the 
good-natured Fairy, Twinkle, had been witness to the 
tenderness alid honesty of Gaffer Blunt, and had obeyed 
a sudden impulse in rewarding it with Fairy power. 
Under the Midsummer moon. Fairies, ?ot n^t-^' \$i\^t\^^^^ 
were plaj-ing foot-hall with a grass-seed, ot wet^ ^vc^- 



80 Fairy Tales. 

ing gossamer threads in the brake, when Queen Titania 
declared that there must be some active entertainment 
furnished for her. Then it occurred to Twinkle that a 
pleasant little expedition might be made. 

So she cried, " Sheen, Glance, Mote, Flash, ' play- 
fellows all, come ! Do you remember when, the other 
night, seventy-nine of us carried dreams into Favilla? 
Dreams about an honest Gaffer of a Miller, when I made 
a Fairy Mill. "VV hat a Princess must that little daughter 
of theirs be by this time. Time! Why, she is seven- 
teen years old ! How proud the old people must be ! 
Away ! Let us all take the Queen seaward to see how 
the mill goes ! " 

Enough for light hearts is a light suggestion. Like 
a swarm of gnats, away the merry little friends of all 
good people flew. But her Majesty, when she set out, 
asserted dignity by giving herself size enough for com- 
fortable riding on a dragon-fly. 

When they came to the sea, across which glittered all 
night long the lights of Favilla, the moon shone on the 
rippling waters and \ipon the caps of sentinels pacing 
the walls of the heavily armed fort ; she touched also 
with silver light the edges of the windmill sails upon 
adjacent hills. One of them was old and lone, the other 
ono' in good repair, walled round, and guarded by 
patrols. 

"Joy!, joy!" cried Twinkle. "See how they take 
care of my mill. Let us all look in upon my dear old 
Gaffer." 

All the Fairies entered Sharp's mill by the keyhole, 
Titania went in also, leaving her dragon-fly outside in 
charge of Fairy grooms. 

Within the mill, there was a lou4 Bn.OT:m^» TiT>M:^ 



The Fairy Mill. 81 

on the floor lay a fat, dirty, low-browed man, in costly 
clothes. Sacks of gold were about the walls, and there 
was a spreading pnddle of gin on the floor, for the tap 
had been left unturned in the cask from which Sharp 
had been drinking. 

The Fairies were in consternation, and were flying 
out again ; but " Stay, playfellows, stay," cried Twinkle. 
" This is no Gaffer of mine. Here is some terrible mis- 
fake. I must see to it ; but pray, pray, pray don't leave 
me in this dreadful place alone. Go through the mill 
with me." 

The swarm of Fairies flew about the place. They 
rose to the hopper, and saw that there were no mill- 
stones under it. Above it was a floor covered with 
what they all knew to be spoils of the poor. Though 
there was all the gold below, there were the spoils of 
the wretched stored above ; the goods for which Sharp 
had thrown dust down to prove that his mill had in it 
strength for condemnation. 

"To the other mill!" cried Twinkle. "0, I have 
been away too long; have neglected cruelly my own 
work. Pardon me, dear Queen." 

Her Majesty having sent home her dragon-fly, the 
swarm flew through the key-hole of the other mill, and 
Twinkle knew the place; but it was wretched now, 
and empty. 

The old Gaffer was to be seen by the moonlight, that 
poured through the holes of the mill-wall, tottering 
stealthily out of his sleeping corner with a ragged 
blanket in his hand. The Fairies danced as gnats about 
his head. He groped his way with the steps of a thief 
to the cupboard in which lay a fair gViY, m oV^, ^owi^ 
mended clothes, with a hay-rake by \ieT siA^, ^^^e^W^l 
sleeping upon straw. ^ 



82 Fairy Tales. 

Stealthily the old Gaffer spread the blanket over her, 
smoothed it tenderly and lightly with his trembling 
hands, then folded them together for an instant over the 
head of his Althy, and fled when a ray of moonlight 
suddenly fell on her sleeping lids. The Fairies fol- 
lowed him to the straw in which he lay with his old 
Gammer, in a corner of the floor, and heard him triumph 
in cracked whispering at his achievement. 

" She will be out at sunrise, to go to the hayfield," he 
said. " Go to sleep, old woman. I shall be awake to 
take the blanket back before she rouses. She works 
hard, and sleeps well. O, never fear me !" 

" You go to sleep, old man," said Gammer. *' I shall 
fetch it away in proper time. Why won't she consider 
that she lies alone, and nights are chill here by the sea. 
Poor child ! " 

" How she watches us, and cares for us," said the old 
man. " What a pleasure it is to outwit her." 

"I'm afraid," said Gammer, "that, as the gnats have 
come into the house, we shall have bad weather for the 
hay-making.*' 

"Ah, dear, dear ! " said the old man. *' Go to sleep ; 
we mustn't wake poor little Althy by our whisper- 
mg. 

" Is this your Fairy blessing, sister Twinkle ? " asked 
the Queen, when the Fairies had flown up and down the 
mill, only to find it empt}'. 

" Let us not rest," said Twinkle, " until we know all, 
and have set matters right again ! " 

" Our hands upon that," said the Queen ; and all the 

Fairies, joining tiny hands, danced in a great circle 

lound the mill before they hurried to the shore, and 

fiped, in the foim of a flight o£ sea-^Ws, ^croaa the 



The Fairy Mia. 83 

water to FaviUa, where they again took the shape of 
gnats. 

It was an hour past midnight when they all arrived 
at the King's palace, where a magnificent state ball was 
blazing. The gnats flew in, and darting hither and 
thither with ears open to all talk, frequently meeting, 
crossing, and exchanging notes with one another, 
brought within ten minutes the whole truth to the eard 
of Titania. 

*' Good, very good," said the Queen. "Be of cheer. 
Twinkle ! We ephemerals will teach these people some- 
thing. As for your old friends and their daughter, they 
have kept a blessing in their hearts beyond all giving 
of ours, but they shall receive justice also from the 
Fairies. So shall that hog. Come hither. Fairies ! " 

All the Fairies gathered about their Queen, who was 
hovering over a bunch of artificial flowers in the head 
of a fair Princess. ** Those flowers are beautiful !" said 
the young lady's admirer. " I observe that they attract 
the very gnats." 

" I have noticed," said the Princess, " how many gnats 
there are this summer. The room here has been quite 
infested with them. But do see, they are all flying out 
as if they had some sudden business in hand." 

And so they had. Titania had bidden them fly with 
the speed of thought throughout the city, carrying into 
every house and every place of human resort for busi- 
ness or pleasure, the words of a spell that would have 
over every work of man the power given to the Fairy 
mill- stones. In half an hour there was not a false thing 
devised by man in all the city, outside the gates of the 
palace, that was not fallen into dust. But yihevi tV\fo 
gnats returned, Titania,, who had xemame^ ^otv^ -^VOmccl 



84 Fairy Tales. 

the ball-room, hovered over the King's head. His 
Majesty was leading forward to the dance the Princess 
on whose head a lover had admired the flowers. 

Then the spell was spoken by Titania herself, and it 
was heard distinctly as a sharp and sudden wail by ail 
the laughers and the dancers. 

The King stared with terror when his partner's 
flowers fell in many-coloured dust over her face. Her 
gay dress, and the hoops below it, crumbled from an 
honest petticoat, while a white powder on her arms, 
and a red powder on her cheek, suddenly bred mites, 
that hopped with wonderful agility. His own ermine 
(wo be to the royal furrier!) was gone, and his royal 
dancing- pumps had fallen into tinder. 

The music ceased abruptly, for the minstrels were 
aghast at the sight upon which they looked down. 
False splendours had fallen into dust and rags. Paste 
jewels that covered the necessities of mighty dames, 
made emerald and ni by-coloured smears upon the brows 
and necks they had enriched. The rouge upon every 
cheek rotted, and bred active mites, that danced over the 
unfair whiteness of round arms and naked shoulders. 

Terror spread, the dance broke up into ragged and 
slipshod confusion. The thick palace-walls had, by a 
false contractor, been filled up with rubble. They 
began to yield under the Fairy spell, and as they were 
seen to crumble, with wild shrieks the guests fled from 
the ball-room to the outer air. 

Ragged, half-crumbled carriages were there in wait- 
ing, and astonished footmen with their glories slurred. 
Much of the palace crumbled into dust, and when the 
lords and ladies of Favilla reached their homes, sad was 
^he common spectacle of ruin there. 



The Fairy MiU, 85 

The sublime Lord hurried away to hide himself in 
bed, and covered up his head with the half- rotten bed- 
clothes. Titania poured sleep over his pillow, and the 
Fairies gave him in an hour more dreams than he could 
have repeated in a day. 

"My lords," he said next morning to his disgraced 
and broken-hearted Court, when half the city was in 
ruins and the people were in revolution : " I remember 
a time when you had dreams and I had none ; now, at 
last, I have had my turn of dreaming, and I know my 
duty. Fetch me the Miller Sharp." 

" Report is brought, Sire, that he has been found dead 
in the Fairy Mill." 

" Let the guns of the fort be turned upon Sharp's mill, 
and let it be blown from the face of the earth. The 
Fairy Mill ! , We have dishonoured its truth. We have 
accepted false goods, and see how they bring us to 
shame when suddenly they perish in the using. We 
have wrong to right. Freight a large ship with gold, 
for we owe long arrears of pay to Miller Blunt. My 
whole Court goes with me this morning to Blunt's 
mill." 

Then the King saw the plunder in the one mill, and 
the hog dead in his puddle. The guns of the fort were 
levelled, and Sharp's mill was swept from its hill-top. 
Within the rotten walls of the old mill he had forsaken, 
the sublime Lord saw enough to show how the extreme 
pinch of poverty had been endured by hearts fair, kind, 
and true. 

" Gaffer Blunt," he said, '* henceforth you are m}' 
brother. Gammer Blunt, you are my sister. Through 
your mill, Favilla yet shall flourish." 

And the city, honestly built, did flowm\v, ioT ^^ ^ftf^^* 



86 Fairy Tales. 

of truth was applied without fear to all the fniit of a 
man's labour. Very soon, therefore, few dared to meet 
it with a lie. 

There was a brave and simple youth — ^he was not the 
King's son — who suddenly and wilfully, when no man 
could be quick enough to stay him, leapt between the 
mill-stones to make evident the truth of his dear love 
for Althy ; and he came out from his plunge, fresh and 
beautiful as a maid from her bath. 

The old folks lived to weep with joy together on their 
daughter's wedding-day. Soon afterwards they passed 
away, almost in the same hour. But when the Gaffer 
died, the old miU stopped. No wind would move its 
sails, and it fell altogether into ruin. But the Fairies 
were the playfellows of Althy's children. 





SOLID THOUGHT. 



UoirroR Peastom was an Alchemist who liad spent 
nearly all his life in looking anxiously at smoke that 
rose out of bis furnaces, at liquids buhbling in his re- 
torts, and Btrange figures drawn upon his walls with 
Hebrew letters scattered over them. He peered into all 
these results of his abstrusest reading and most cunning 
thotight, expecting daily that the great discovery he 
soii^b^ would appear suddenly from ona ol \iiam. "^"oS. 



88 . Fairy Tales. 

his smoke stung him in the eye, his boiling compounds 
*burst their retorts, and the strange characters he drew 
upon his walls seemed to be charms that attracted to 
his laboratory all the rats, mice, beetles, woodlice, 
bluebottles, worms and spiders, within ten miles of his 
house. 

Thus, after long weary years of watching, that had 
yielded him only daily disappointments and mishaps, 
Phantom acquired a habit of regarding everything as if 
it were a boiling letort that certainly might yield his 
elixir, and was therefore to be watched most nervousl3% 
but that most probably was upon the point of exploding 
in his face, and therefore could not be faced without 
flinching. 

" Thought ! Thought ! . Thought ! And this is the 
issue," said the dreamy old Philosopher one day, as he 
lay wringing his hand in the midjst of the ruins of his 
furnace. It had just blown itself up, and with a flying 
cinder touched a jar of detonating powder on a distant 
shelf, whereby it was assisted in conveying Doctor 
Phantom's roof into the sky. Not a spider had gone 
with the roof. Not a bluebottle had been silenced by 
the shock that knocked the miserable Doctor down. 
For his spiders and his bluebottles, his rats and his 
mice, his worms and his beetles, and his frogs, and all 
the other creatures that were spinning, crawling, hop- 
ping, running all day long, and all night long, upon 
his walls and floor and implements and clothes, were 
so many evil-minded imps and wicked Fairies drawn 
about him by his written spells. 

" Thought ! Thought ! Empty thought ! " he moaned ; 

" I have been twisting my brains into spider's web with 

constant thought, and still have Tiot\iiu^ m tcly ^ras);}. 



Solid Thought, 89 

Ah! would that thought were possession! Then how 
great would my wealth he I " 

"You may have that wish," said a huge, shadowy 
creature, rough all over with fiery hair. It stood out- 
side the Doctor's lahoratory, and with arms folded on- 
the top of the wall, was looking down upon him through 
the great hole made hy the up tearing of the roof. 

** Ah ! ah ! " cried the Doctor, looking up at him with 
curious scared eyes. " What thing are you ?" 

*' A thing you have just loosened from prison. You 
melted my fetters, and I hurst abroad. If I have 
broken your furnace, and pushed oflf your roof, I am 
quite ready to pay you for the damage. Shall I pay 
you with your wish — make you a solid thinker? Is 
thought to he no longer wearying desire, hut swift 
accomplishment of all that comes into your mind ? " 
Yes, yes." 

You are paid for the hurt to your roof, then," said 
the creature, as it vanished. 

The Doctor hardly heeded him. " Yes," he went on, 

"yes, but- Why are these spiders and things, and 

the very bluebottles in the air all motionless, all looking 
at me so intently ? If they were away (All vanished), 
— and I had my furnace again — (It was there quietly 
burning), — and if the roof were not blown off — (The 
roof was in its place again),— I might now discover the 
Elixir." 

The Elixir of Life, with its name written on the 
bottle that contained it, stood before him. 

The Alchemist's eyes flashed with a wild joy. " The 
Elixir ! " he cried. " My hope achieved at once 1 O, I 
could hug my benefactor ! " Blowing the roof in, the 
wild being entered the laboratory, aad ftwca^ \!a\£v^l 






90 Fairy Tales. 

between the aims of the philosopher. The poor man's 
knees trembled, and he thought he should sink into the 
very earth for dread, when down he went, as if a trap- 
door suddenly had fallen under him. 
- Stunned, amazed, deprived of thought, the Doctor sank 
until a sense of suffocation raised a spasm of longing to 
be in the air. Then up he went, like an arrow, through 
the earth, and through the last hole in his laboratory 
roof. He brushed against an eagle, and struck off some 
of his wing-feathers, in flying as a bird -bolt up towards 
the clouds. 

** Mercy ! " he cried, when he could gasp. And as he 
thought, "Alas! alas! earth, air, — I shall be plunged 
in water next," he was immediately in the sea. 

But the plunge-bath cleared his mind a little, and he 
had wit to make home his next thought, then to think 
and have for his old home a palace, full of wealth, and 
numerous retainers, who were but his old friends, the 
worms and beetles, in another shape. 

** Who is my major domo?" he asked. 

A round, and most respectable domestic, in a brown 
suit, who had lately been conspicuous enough in the 
laboratory as a big -bellied spider, approached with 
respect. 

" Let me have my meals served properly, at fitting 
times," ordered the Doctor. *' I will take them in my 
bedroom. Let everything be so done that I may have 
no thought to take myself about the matters of the 
house." Then he resolved within himself to go to bed, 
and leave off thinking. Instantly he was undressed, 
and tucked up in his bed, an idiot. 

But, as an idiot, his mind was tainted by his old voca- 
tion, and no magic power could \nndenc \asiLiioTELTw?\\y^ 



Solid ThougU. 91 

about iie Misir. " Klixir of Life ! " was his cry, when 
his first meal was brought to him, and he was fed with 
spoons by his attendants. The Elixir of Life instantly 
came in its bottle to his bedside. 

Then the poor Doctor made a sign, which was inter- 
preted as his desire to drink of the Elixir, It was 
ponred into a goblet, and presented to his lips. The 
strong desire of his life in the moment of its accomplish- 
ment, broke the bands in which he had confined his 
mind. He gazed at the cup, as he had gazed of old at 
hia great bubbling retorts, with scared eyes of expecta- 
tion. Shnddering as he took the draught of life into his 
hands, " What if it be Death 1 " he thought. And as he 
drank he died. 




92 Fairy Idles. 



THE TOUCH OF NATURE. 



" I AM brilliant," said a Frog, " and harmless, yet 
althongli I jump for joy all my- life long, men will not 
be my friends. They give my name of Croaker to the 
dreariest of their own kind, and shudder if they touch 
my skin, though it is softer than a woman's ! " 

**That all comes of your being a reptile," said the 
melancholy Bittern. 

" But I am a gay reptile that hurts nobody and pipes 
away the night." 

" It is not, poor creature, what you are that is the 
question. When they hear my boom in the waste 
places " 

" Yea," cried the Frog, impatiently, " what creature 
is more dismal than the Bittern ? Yet men like to hear 
you ! " 

" That," answered the Bittern, " is because warm- 
blooded dreariness abounds among themselves. But 
you are a cold-blooded wretch. When they touch you 
they shudder as they think of their own reptile class, 
that is so slippery and does not warm under a friendly 
grasp. That also may be harmless as the frogs. I see 
little of men, and know only that they shrink from one 
another when " 

" Say no more," said the quick little questioner, " *Tis 
sympathy. How I should jump if I were touched by a 
warm frog ! " 




BACON PIE. 



Once upon a time there was a great mugiciaD, and Mb 
name was Picrotoxin. His wife's name was Menieper, 
and she was not a conjurer at all, but no more than 
a simple, orderly, hard-working woman. Picrotoxin, 
being a great conjurer himself, did not want two of the 
same trade onder his roof. He wanted to a^«e with a 
good hoaaewifely sovl, who wowld wonlex «X \i\«i. flsA 



94 Fairy Tales. 

obey him, and wit'i whom he could forget his magic 
when he pleased, and drop down — or it might be, climb 
up — into a happy human life. They had no children, 
and they lived in a lone cottage together, on a great 
lump of a moorland hill that had a large iron beacon on 
the top. In the grate of the beacon an old man, named 
Moonseed, the only other person living on the hill, 
lighted a fire of nights for the guidance of ships in a 
sea channel full of perilous shoals, currents, and tide- 
ways, from which the broad back of the hill could be 
seen, when clouds were not too low. That hill was a 
huge waste of stone, lichen, puff-ball, and fern ; of bog, 
moss, rush, horse-tail, and liver- wort, covering a tall 
heap of peat-bog, marshes, pools, and pebbly wastes of 
marl, cornstone, and red conglomerate, that rose and 
rose for miles about, until it came to a head wherein the 
clouds hung when there was any rain ^t hand. When 
the rain really came, it flooded the pools into lakes, 
soaked with water the great spongy marshes, and made 
of nearly the whole mountain a slough, over which the 
driving mists raced after one another, and the water 
plashed till only the wild ducks and the bitterns would 
choose to be out of doors. 

Quietly on the top of this hill lived Moonseed, the 
beacon-keeper. Horses could jolt a waggonload of wood 
and coal up the great slope in any but the wettest 
weather. Moonseed had also at his service a rough 
little moor pony, that helped him in the carrying of 
stores. 

Somewhere upon the side of this hill lived Picrotoxin 

the immensely powerful magician, and his wife Meni- 

sper. They had no settled address, for it pleased the 

great man to moYQ house on. the moat tvlviai oecaaions. 



Bacon Pie, QT\ 

Sometimes his house slipped down hill. Sometimes he 
ran it round from one side to another, much to the dis- 
composure of his wife. For Menisper was expected to 
do all that a good cottager's wife ought to do : to cook, 
to market, to keep fowls and a pig ; and it was no small 
trouble to her, when she came from market with a 
heavy basket on her arm, home to the place where she 
had left her house, and found that it had pleased Picro- 
toxin, in her absence, to move to the opposite side of the 
hill. If he had carried off the cottage and forgotten to 
take with it the poultry and the pig, the poor woman 
had to take them along with her in a search over the 
mountain side. Again, if Picrotoxin wished to keep his 
wife in her own natural place, and to solace himself in 
the intervals of conjuring with that happy pastoral life 
to which, as a country maid, she had been bom, he 
ought not to have turned away from her hog's lard and 
fried potatoes, her rich soup of oatmeal and treacle, her 
hard buttered dumpling, or neglected to praise her bold 
execution of the favourite pie of the district, made of 
successive layers of sliced apple, bacon -fat, and onion, 
thick layers and plenty of them, covered in with a stout 
oily pie-crust. Her pies could be smelt out at sea, 
when Menisper was baking them ; and once a ship was 
wrecked in the channel below, because the pilot held 
his nose, instead of steering, when it was a pie-day on 
the hill-side. Yet Picrotoxin, though determined that 
his wife should market, make, and bake, was too much 
of a conjurer to eat the dinners she prepared for him. 

This great magician had discovered by bis ait much 
that was doing at the palace, and among other matters, 
at what hour his king dined. Then fixing that as hia 
own dJnnei-hour, when there was set \)eio\e \i\\si orsi^ '^'v 



96 Fairy Tales, 

these savoury tarts, lie cried, *' Good wife, tliat is a pie 
for a king ! The King shall have it. Up, pie, through 
chimneys, to King ! Open doors I In King's dinner to 
us!" Instantly the pie flew up the chimney, the cot- 
tage-door opened wide, and there rushed in a splash of 
soup over their tablecloth, followed by boiled, and fried, 
and stewed fishes, and fowls, and joints of many meats, 
tarts, jellies, costly fruits, -and a great splashing of spilt 
wines. "There, old woman," said the conjurer, " a fair 
exchange. The King has got more than the worth of 
all this in your famous pie. Fall to ! " 

" Yes, husband," said Menisper, " you praise my pie, 
but you don't eat it. Besides, I'd have put in the 
biggest onions and more bacon, and put more lard in 
the crust if I had known you meant to send it to the 
King." 

" Never mind, sweetheart," said the magician, " you 
shall make something on purpose for His Majesty to- 
morrow. I rather like the thought of changing dinners ; 
so, henceforth, you are sole cook to King Cocculus, and 
we will put up quietly with what the palace cooks pro- 
vide. Don't keep any of these leavings. Feed the pig 
with what is fit for him, and throw the rest away." 

So the King's jellies, and creams, and pine-apples 
were mixed with his cabbage and his truffles into pig- 
wash, and all his meat that Picrotoxin and Menisper did 

not eat, was thrown over the moor. 

t' 

Cocculus, King of Lardizabala, lost five pounds of his 
weight every week ; one pound through vexation, and 
the rest through want of dinner. There was a state 
dinner, the first time Picrotoxin played this trick, and 
that was one of the things the magician knew. Cissa, 
^lie treacherous Grand-Duke oi Ami^\oB, «ii ^^^^ora. \£iQ%t 



Bacon Pie. 97 

particular about his eating, was chief guest. When the 
soup was set on the table, suddenly'' it rose out of the 
tureen, and dashing itself into a double current on the 
face of the Grand-Duke, between it and the door, flew 
out of doors. " Sire, sire," cried the cooks, running into 
the banquet-hall, forgetful of all proper decorum in their 
consternation, " all the dinner — all of it — has flown out 
of doors l" But while they spoke, there was an over- 
powering smell of onion, followed by the entry, through 
the chimney, of Menisper's pie, that set itself down, with 
a thump, between the Grand-Duke and His Majesty. 

" This is strange ! — This is temble ! " said the Grand- 
Duke, shivering from top to toe. " I recommend, sire," 
said the Prime Minister of Lardizabala, " that we send 
for the bonzes." The bonzes were sent for, and de- 
claring, for state reasons, that the pie came out of 
Paradise, where it was made especially for the Grand- 
Duke, pronounced a blessing upon all who should par- 
take of it. " But the crust," said His Majesty, " is very 
black. It is well. That shall gladden the mouths of 
our bonzes." So the bonzes were obliged to eat the 
sooty crust, and the chief guests of the King ate Meni- 
sper's apple, onion, and bacon. Whatever else was 
brought flew out of doors, the wine rushing abroad out 
of every bottle as it was uncorked by the chief butler 
and his men. 

The pie was praised, and much was said of the deli- 
cate attention that must have been paid by the Houris 
to the known daintiness of Cissa, the Grand-Duke of 
Ampelos. The Grand -Duke himself spoke never a 
word ; but, on the day following, sailed back in a swift 
ship to his own country, smelling of onions when he 
reached it a month afterwards, and decWeA. 'WBJt ^j^vweX* 
Lardizabala. -a 



98 Fairy Tales. 

Now, when the second change of dinner came, and 
the bonzes, who had eaten enough soot, being sent foi', 
pronounced that the black and greasy tablets of potato, 
mixed with cubes of bacon, had been chopped by demons, 
CoccUlus and all his court went dinnerless. Let no- 
thing be said of the haid ten-pounder dumpling, or of 
the three red herrings fried with cabbage, for which the 
King's dinner was exchanged on the two next days. 

Picrotoxin ate well, and he drank well; for it was 
only on the first day that, because of what he knew, the 
soups, gravies, and wines were made to travel without 
their tureens, boats, and bottles. Afterwards, royal 
soup^tureens, bottles, and decanters lay broken about 
the moor in which the happy conjurer resided ; and the 
simple-minded conjurer's wife, sure that what her hus- 
band said was right, and growing to be proud of the 
praise he bestowed upon her royal cookery, adopted all 
the hints he threw out touching pig's-f ry and other 
dainties with which she might vary the diet of her 
King. 

At last King Cocculus, who had found comfort in 
lunch, resolved to dine no more. A hundred changes of 
his cooks, the padlocking of dish-covers over his dishes, 
every device that his Cabinet Ministers were able to 
invent, had been in vain. There was a standing offer 
of a thousand crowns a day, for any person who could 
cook the King a dinner that would lie still to be eaten. 
Nobody had won that prize. 

One day, Menisper s pig being fat, the good house- 
wife was forced to admire him aloud. •*See, husband," 
she said, " with such a pig outside his door, mightn't a 
JcJDg' he happy I " 
''Off, pig^ and be doorkeeper to the "KAn^V «ai^Y\^\Q- 



Bacon Pie. 99 

« 

toxin. Menisper wept when the pig vanished ; but her 
husband comforted her, and said, '^ Dear wife, I mean 
that you shall see your pig again; ay, and that you 
shall be thanked for your cookery by the King Cocculus 
himself, in presence of his court and people. Lock the 
house door, and come out for a -walk with me. 

They locked up the door, and the house was imme- 
diately lost in a mist. 

As they went down the hill-side, they were overtaken 
by a troop of knights in armour, who were carrying off 
Moonseed, the beacon-keeper. 

" They are carrying off Moonseed, without his pony," 
Picrotoxin said. " It is not far to Lardizabalon " (that 
is the name of the seaport capital of Lardizabala), " but 
we will ride." So the magician said three times, " Cup, 
o'up," and Moonseed's little pony trotted down to them. 
-* Take him by the head, wife," he advised. Menisper 
took, him by the head. " Now hold him tight, while 
I pull at his tail." As the conjurer pulled, the pony 
stretched to the length of a crocodile. Then he pulled 
each of the pony's legs till they were longer than those 
of the tallest cameleopard. Then he broke a head of 
bulrush into three pieces, threw one piece over his head 
as he gave the animal the other two pieces to eat, and 
instantly the pony sprejad into a horse as stout as any 
hippopotamus. " Very fattening stuff that," said Meni- 
sper. " I wish I had known of it when I had the pig 
to feed." 

" Now, wife, we are going to Court to see the pig and 
his King. Put your foot in my -hand, here is a long 
arm, — a long, long, long, long arm, — and up you are ! 
Now I leap after you and off we go I " 
**Bat how your beard grows \" bovSl "^le^x^AS^^^^ ^^ 



u 



100 Fairy Tales. 

they jolted down hill with great strides, and at every 
jolt more hair seemed to be shaken out of Picrotoxin's 
chin. 

" And how comely you are becoming ! " said the con- 
jurer, for with every jolt the wife seemed to be getting 
a fresh pound of fat upon her bones. " You will look 
like a King's cook by the time we come to Lardiza- 
balon, and I shall look like the Prime Minister of the 
Moon." 

The Moon, man ! Surely you mean of the moor ?'* 
No, wife, King Cocculus believes there is no man 
on earth so clever as himself. Therefore I will come 
down upon him from the Moon. Oh, never fear, I have 
a great work in hand. As for you, you shall see your 
pig sitting outside the door of the state council-chamber, 
and you shall be King's cook in the royal kitchen, and 
you shall be thanked by the whole nation for your 
apple-tart with onions and bacon. Look you, here is 
the great city, and here round the corner by the light- 
house is the channel that lies imdemeath our hill." 

" Picrotoxin ! Picrotoxin ! What work is it that you 
have in hand now ? What are you about ? How every- 
body stops and stares at us, and our great horse ! How 
all the other horses and carriages have to run down the 
by-streets to make room for us ! We take up the whole 
carriage-road. I feel big, I do, and I am going to Court 
as a proud woman, this day?" 

When they came to the palace gardens, the huge pony 

stepped over the gates and lumbered over the grass to 

the palace-door, where he stood still. But then he was 

so tall that it was much easier for his riders to alight 

ujyon the roof than on the doorstep. Therefore they 

stepped upon the roof, and Picxotoxm ca^^^ ^qv^ti \» 



Bacon Pie. 101 

the throng of lacqueys, who were wondering and run- 
ning in and out, " Be so good as to let my pony loose 
upon the lawn, and tell King Cocculus that the Prime 
Minister of the Moon has come down to him with a 
cook." 

So the two wonderful strangers walked ahout upon 
the palace-roof, and when the Enchanter came to the 
great chimney of the council-chamber, " This," he said, 
'* is our way in." A Gold-Stick at the door was saying 
that a person calling himself Prime Minister of the 
Moon was on the tiles with a fat cook, and said that he 
was coming down to see his Majesty, when suddenly 
there was a terrible clatter in the chimney, and down 
Picrotoxin came, pulling after him not verj' ea4«ily, for 
she was a tight fit, the round Menisper. Gold-Stick 
ran forward at the sight, leaving the door open, and 
Menisper saw that her pig sat on the mat outside. 

"My chimney must have wanted sweeping," said 
King Cocculus to the new comera. "AVhat a large 
quantity of soot you have brought down ! " 

A man in armour of chased gold and in a cloak of 
crimson velvet stood before the King, and behind this 
man were five knights, each holding a leathern sack. 
Behind King Cocculus there was an open money-chest, 
from which a score of silken pages were about to fill the 
sacks. "There is exactly soot enough to fill those 
bags," said Picrotoxin. " Pay to your black enemy liis 
tribute in his own coin, soot." 

" What mean you, knave ?" 

" The Moon sees everything," answered the magician. 
*' Be advised by the Prime Minister of the Moon, who 
has just brought down the right mon^y ^w.^ \/^ ^ve^^^ 
Ihike ofAmpelos." 



102 Fairy Tales. 

"In your moony counsel," said the King, "there may 
be wit. Pages, put soot instead, of gold into those 
bags ! " But all the pages looked at their white dbublet*^ 
and their dainty fingers, to which gold might stick if it 
would, but soot was unsuitable. ^\ hile they were hesi- 
tating, the knights closed the mouths of the bags, 
frowned, and clashed their swords; nevertheless the 
soot was in the bags, and the King's floor was as clean 
as the two strangers who had brought it do\vTi, and who 
advanced now to the royal council table. 

" You were about, sire, to buy a false peace," Picro- 
toxin said. " 1 have observed the doings of the trea- 
cherous Grand-Duke of Ampelos. It was high time for 
me to come down upon him." 

" Thank you," said the King. " Then perhaps you 
will send my answer to him by this his high lord." 

" His hig'h lord ! " cried the magician. " That am- 
bassador in scarlet and gold was littered on the s£lme 
day with your doorkeeper." 

" The pig that haunts me ! " shuddered Cocculus. 

" This gentleman is Pork," said Picrotoxin. " If he 
and his five knights do not confess the cheat upon your 
senses, they shall be sent home as sausages in chains." 

Then the ambassadors fell forward on their hands and 
squeaked. " It is true, sire ; we are pigs." 

" I had a fit doorkeeper to wait on such ambassadors," 
the King replied. " But whence came that doorkeeper ? 
Is he, too, from the Moon ?" 

There was a clatter of arms outside. Word was 

brought that the King's knights had found the person 

who must be concerned in the magical thieving of the 

royal dinners. The Beacon Hill was covered with the 

broken pieces of the royal crockery wa.^ "boxi^ o1 ^<^ 



Bacon Pie. 



103 



EiDg's meat. The only man upon iha hill was captured : 
and they brought in the old keeper of the beacon. 

" What is your name, fellow ? " the Sing asked. 

" Moonseed." 

"Moonseed! Are you from the Moon, too!" cried 
King Coccnlus. As he spoke there waa a great crash of 
glass, for Mooneeed's enlarged pony being upon the lawn 
outside, and tall enough to look in at all the palace 




windows, had spied his old master. So he thrust his 
enormous head through all the glass in the council- 
chamber and b^pin to lick the old man's hand. 

" I am not awake," said Cocculus, falling back into 
his throne with the face of a man who is ^ving «^ a 
riddle. "lam in bed after a supper oi too bk^ "swtj -^i^- 



104 Fairy Tales. 

pie, and soot had Allien on the crust. I am asleep with 
the Moon shining on my face. Are these men pigs ?" 

The knight from Ampelos and his five attendants, 
each holding a bag full of soot, again fell on their hands 
and squeaked in concert, " We are pigs ! " 

*' What awful horse is that ?'* 

"He has," said Moonseed, "the eyes of my little 
pony ; but if he be my pony, he has grown out of all 
knowledge." 

"Is that a pig that waits outside the door?" asked 
Cocculus. At a glance from Picrotoxin Menisper's pig 
stood on his two hind-legs, advanced to the king's chair, 
bowed respectfully, and said, " I am." 
^ " Gentlemen and pigs, and Ministers of the Moon and 
Moonseeds," the King groaned, " pray make yourselves 
at home. Help ! Help ! Somebody carry me away, or 
wake me ! " 

Then Picrotoxin advanced and bowed low before his 
Majesty. ,As he spoke he had pig's eyes and cheeks, 
and a round moist snout over his beard. 

" Be assured, sire," he said, " that the interest of 
Lardizabala and of your august person are being watched. 
What you behold now is a great political crisis." 

" dear 1 dear ! " the poor King groaned ; " my 
head begins to ache." 

" A state," said Picrotoxin, " may be saved in many 
wnys. Complexities of the political machine that 
puzzle a bystander " — 

" Stop," said the King suddenly. " Did you not say 
that you had brought a cook ? I see a gleam of light. 
By help of that cook may I dine to-day ?" 

"May it please your Majesty to smile upon your 
cook," said the enchanter, bringvn^ iorw^i^ \i\& ^vy^^ 
W/e Menit^per. 



Bacon Pie, 105 

** She looks," said his Majesty, " like a king's cook." 

Menisper curtsied with a happy smile. "Let her 
command the kitchen, and produce for me to-day her 
choicest dish. I ask but one dish, and that it will stand 
before me nntil I have eaten it." 

" Sire, it shall be so," said Picrotoxin. 

" May it please yonr Majesty," then asked a knight, 
*' what are we to do with the enchanter Moonseed ?" 

"Prime Minister of the Moon, advise us," said the 
helpless and bewildered King. 

** Let him mount his large horse, and ride swiftly 
through the land, commanding all your liege subjects 
to save their bacon, and to bring it to the royal com- 
missioners whom you will presently appoint to buy up 
all the bacon in the land. 

" Buy all the bacon in the land of Lardizabala ! Is 
there a state reason for that too? Be it so. Prime 
Minister of the Moon, do as you will, say what you will 
to these ambassadors. Cook, — dinner at six I " 

The King retired to his inner chamber, and then 
trotted after him Menisper's pig to take up a new station 
at his closet-door. The envoys from Cissa, Grand-Duke 
of Ampelos, were treated like pigs and dismissed. 
Moonseed was dispatched on the great pony to command 
all people in Lardizabala to save their bacon, and also 
to outbid private consumers in the price offered by his 
Majesty King Cocculus for onions and apples. Menisper 
retired to the kitchen and prepared her choicest dish. 
While it was baking, Picrotoxin called her away to 
smell — though she thought them less fragrant — the 
flowers in the garden. 

Half an hour afterwards, a little ciovfd oiVsi\^\3e»«xv^ 
scullions, carrying a man who seemed to \>e m «*. «^Civsti^ 



106 • Fairy Tales. 

clamoured at the door of the royal closet, — ** Sire ! My 
lord ! State news ! A paper ! A traitor ! " 

The King opened his door, and the little crowd rufjhed 
in, some carrying the almost lifeless stranger, one hold- 
ing out six seeds, another h.olding out an open letter. 

" Your Majesty's dinner was baking in the oven " — 

** Yes, good, yes." 

"Yes, sire, your pie was in the oven and the new 
cook had gone out of the kitchen " — 

" Oh," said the King. " It is to be a pie then ?" 

*' Yes, sire, and nobody was by, may it please you, 
sire, when this man crawled out of a large fi&h-kettle in 
which he had been hiding, leaving the lid off and his 
coat and hat in it, and in his coat-pocket was his pocket 
handkerchief, and in the lining of his hat there was 
this letter." 

" Yes, sire," said he who held the seeds, ** and in his 
hand were these six seeds, like peas. And in the letter 
we find they are deadly poison." 

" Yes, sire," cried two or three of the crowd who held 
the man, " and here is the assassin who crawled to the 
oven where your pie was being baked; but when he 
opened the oven, the stink of the pie knocked him down, 
and so we found him." 

" What do you say?" the King cried, aghast. ** The 
stink of the pie ! " 

♦* Yes, sire, tremendous. We are not sure that the 
man will recover," 

'* Good gracious ! " said Cocculus, with a groan of 

despair, ** the oven-door has been left open, and I smell 

it myself. It may be smelt all over the palace. It is 

like that pie of apple, onions, and bacon that came down 

the pbimney once or twice." 



Bacon Pie. 107 

" The letter, sire, the letter ! " said the man who held 
it. *** Somebody, read it to his Majesty !" 

Somebody read as follows : — 

" Eminent Hog, ' 

" The attempt you made on my behalf to poison Coc- 
cnlns and all his Court, by rubbing candril-seeds over the 
inside of the soup tureens, gravy dishes, and decanters, on 
the occasion of my giving him the honour of my company 
to dinner, I find to have been frustrated by a powerful 
enchanter, who now fights against me. He it was who 
splashed the poisoned soup across my face, who forced 
us to eat that which is pur own flesh and blood, and 
caused our lips to have been embittered in vain with 
the antidote that would have enabled us to drink, un- 
haimed, the candrii poison. That enchanter lives upon 
the beacon-hill that is beyond Lardizabalon, and against 
him vengeance is sworn by the whole fraternity of 
swine of Ampelos, to which you belong, and of which 
I, Cissa, Grand Duke of Ampelos, am the Grand Master. 
His time will come ; our ships are nearly fit for sea ; 
and the magician on the beacon-hill shall save from our 
wrath neither himself nor the state of Lardizabala. But 
first it is fit that King Cocculus be poisoned secretly ; 
for which purpose I send you candril-seed, and require 
that you find some place of hiding in his kitchen, and 
there lurk until you find an opportunity of poisoning 
his meat. I have sent threats to that king, with de- 
mands for tribute. If he pay gold, the gold is yours 
when you succeed, and will be held in trust for you by 
the faithful brethren who are charged with this mission. 
Should you be taken prisoner, find means to gain time 
for yourself. The invasion, for which we are now 
almost prepared, will turn the TolooA. qi CoKi^'vi\»s» \j^ 
ditch water." 



108 Fairtj Tales, 

" What astonishes me most," said Cocculus, " is that 
a person should have thought it necessary to add poison 
to a pie like that I smell. But what? what? what? 
I have smelt such a pie before! Ha ! ha ! I have an 
idea ! Sound trumpets ; all the world shall know it." 

Trumpets sounded in the palace and the courtyard, 
heralds went into the city to proclaim by sound of 
trumpet, " His most gracious Majesty the King of Lardi- 
zabala has an idea!" All the people, and especially 
the newspaper reporters, flocked into the squares to 
hear it; and in half an hoar the words spoken in the 
royal closet were trumpeted forth in the streets; and 
they were these : — 

" Whoever made this pie, made that pie ! " 

Public opinion in Lardizabala had long come to the 
conclusion that political affairs were in a complex and 
peculiar position. The order to save bacon had been 
discussed hotly at public meetings, and the interference 
by the state with ordinary rules of trade, in buying up 
onions and apples at a price much above the market 
value, though it had been lauded highly by the Govern- 
ment newspapers, was denounced as profligacy by the 
Opposition press. But what was to be said for or 
against Ihe King's idea, " Whoever made This Pie, 
made That Pie," none but the most wonderfully well- 
informed of editors could tell. 

While King Cocculus was agitated with his prreat 
idea, and causing messengers to be sent for the new 
cook, and for* her introducer, the Prime Minister of the 
Moon, Menisper's faithful pig, who sat at the door ol 
the King's chamber, was seen to be shedding tears. 
The half-poisoned prisoner had been placed on the 
ground, and was there slowly xecov^Tvii^ \i\^ ^xv^^W. 



Bacon Pie. 109 

As he aroused he often looked towards the pig sitting 
ontside the door. At last their eyes met, and they 
roshed towards each other, with loud cries of "My 
brother ! My own, long lost hrother ! " 

" We were of one farrow, sire," explained the faithful 
pig ; " pardon these tears ! " 

"Oh, brother," said the hog who had been misled 
into the paths of crime, " I repent of all my wickedness, 
now that I have your love to reclaim me. On your 
breast 1 will pour out a full confession of these plots," 
So, lying with his head between his brother pig's fore- 
legs, in a repentant attitude, the prisoner told, in the 
presence of King Cocculus, a dreadfully long story, 
chiefly about the part he had himself taken in the rising 
of pigs in the Grand Dukedom of Ampelos, after his 
brother had been sold to the foreign merchant of whom 
Menisper had bought him when he was a tender pig- 
ling. The greatest of tlie hogs knew a hog who was 
descended from the men turned into hogs by a great 
enchantress, many thousand years ago, and he had got 
from him the name and address of that enchantress. 
Then, through some toils he had found his way to her, 
and obtained from her a charm that would turn pigs 
into men. Thus all the pigs in Ampelos had become 
men ; and rising in revolt, they had placed Cissa, the 
greatest hog, upon the chair of the Grand Duke. Among 
themselves they had divided, with much quarrelling, 
the chief places of trust in the state. At Cissa's court 
was greed and gluttony. From devouring victuals, the 
Grand Duke turned to devouring states ; and he was 
on the point of annexing Lardizabala, after poisoning 
the King at a friendly banquet given to 1aim&^\i^ -^^saiiL 
the poisoned soup was dashed into his oyjh iwi^, ^TA^^y3 



110 Fairy Tales. 

some unknown power, he was forced ignominiously to 
eat pig. 

The penitent creature who told this and more was 
in the middle of a list of treacheries, when Picrotoxin 
and Menisper entered. 

" The King's dinner is cooked and served," Menisper 
(^aid. 

" Prime Minister of the Moon," said Cocculus, " before 
1 attempt to dine upon the pie that saved the state " — 
■ " That is to save it, sire," said the enchanter. 

" That has saved it, I tell you," cried the King im- 
patiently ; " for has it not saved me ? I publicly thank 
this cook that you have brought me for her morning's 
work." Proud woman was Menisper then. " That re- 
pentant creature and his brother may be united as one 
household henceforth in a royal stye. I will not punish 
him, or make him into bacon." 

" May it please your Majesty," said Picrotoxin, " you 
shall prosper in pigs all your days, if you will meet as 
I advise you the invasion that is threatened." 

'* Speak, Prime Minister of the Moon !" 

" Let all the coasts— except the coast of the channel 
underneath the Beacon Hill— be fortified with bake- 
houses, and mount in each bakehouse a heavy battery of 
iron ovens. Let the bacon that has been saved, the 
onions and apples that have been bought and stored in 
your arsenals, be distributed among the bakehouses and 
made into pies like that of which you know. When 
the enemy* s fleet is seen to approach the coast at any 
point, let the ovens be loaded with the pies, and let the 
fires be lighted ; let the pies bake till the ships draw 
near, then let the oven doors and all the seaward doors 
of the bakehouseB be suddenly fbing o^iu TVvxjk&^TCT^ 



Bacon Pie. Ill 

the foe away from every point, except the shore under 
the Beacon Hill ; then leave the rest to me." 

" Absurd," cried the King. " Bombard an enemy 
with, such a smell as that. It would be barbarous ; it 
would be against all rules of civilized war. But I owe 
mucb to the pie, and I will show my gratitude by 
dining on it, if I can." 

The King went therefore in procession, with the 
usual sound of trumpet, into his great banqueting-hall, 
where the pie he knew of stood alone on the great 
table, and was growing cold. " Somebody carve ! " said 
the King, " May it please your Majesty," said the Lord 
Steward, "my health is delicate, and 1 dare not." Ko- 
body dared. " Poltroons," the King said, " look at me." 
He thrust his knife into the pie and turned pale. 
Keflecting for an instant, he with a rapid hand cut a 
small slice out of the pie, then turned and fled in the 
rout of all his attendant courtiers and lacqueys who fled 
with him, pressing their hands tightly down over their 
noses. He was gasping for breath when he met Picro- 
toxin. *' Order the batteries," he said, " your notion 
was not at all absurd. If the opening of the ovens be 
not enough to repel the enemy, open the pies upon 
them ! open the pies ! " 

Batteries like these, terrible to a man, might well 
strike dread into the Armada of pigs. Under lead of 
Cissa the Grand Duke, a mighty host of ships brought 
all the fraternity of which he was Grand Master to 
invade the coast of Lardizabala, but upon no point 
dared they approach land, till it was discovered that 
the straits below the Beacon Hill were undefended by 
the batteries that bristled every wbexe eiV^^. \TAft\\is>{Si^ 
Btraits at high water the fleet pusVieA, ^iXiA. ^i^i«t^\^^ ^^. 



112 Fairy Tales. 

low water every ship was stranded that had not already 
run aground. The beacon keeper was gone, and there 
was no light to direct a pilot. In the night Picrotoxin 
stalked alone over the moors, and from the summit of 
the hill rolled down by mighty spells cloud after cloud, 
that covered the lost ships with a thick darkness. Then 
he gathered femseed, and when he had filled with it 
his peaked cap, let his cloak fly with the gale, and rode 
in it upon a whirlwind of his own raising three times 
round the fleet, scattering the seed that dropped like 
points of living fire into the darkness. 

Among the ships word had gone forth from Cissa 
while the darkness gathered, that this was the work of 
the enchanter on the Beacon Hill, who had been warring 
against him, and against whom he had been warned. 
The Beacon Hill must be stormed at daylight, the 
enchanter seized and killed, the finest possible position 
taken for a military camp, which would command Lardi- 
zabalon, the enemy's capital. It was so natural to these 
creatures to feel themselves pigs, that they hardly .knew 
how changed they were in outside character, when, as 
a vast herd of swine, they all plunged through the 
water, gained the shore, and stormed the hill next 
morning. It was now walled round, but there was an 
open gate on the sea front through which the pigs 
rushed, with the greatest of hogs, Cissa, at their head. 
Cissa had mounted to the beacon before the last of his 
army had passed through the gate, and then the gate 
was shut. 

So the huge hill was covered (as it is to this day) 
with the finest herd of swine that any man in the world 
over has seen ; and Picrotoxin gave the whole herd to 
^iflf king. The pigs were wild fox «k ievi ^^<&\a^\svx\. ^ 



Baeon Pie. 



113 



mfficieDt number of swinelierds having been appoiuted, 
they 'were in good time brought into subjectioti. Me- 
nisper was, on a day appointed for the purpose, tlianked 
by ihe King before his Coart and all Ha people for her 
jitmoas pie. The nation gave her seven pigg of gold. 

Thos it was that her clever hueband brought her 
cooking to honour; though he did not himself like tx> 
eat her pies. Many such pies have since been made 
from the pigs of the herd upon the Beacon Hill, for 
which reason, and as a memorial of the service tboj liad 
done, they are to this day called Beacon Pies by many 
people. 




114 Fairy Tales. 



A PATTERN OF DIGNITY. 



A CLKVKRLY invented bird, that plumed itself and sang 
delioiously, was treasured under a glass case. A real 
bird in a cage who lived with it was well content to be 
less noticed. .**My remarkable friend," he observed, 
*^ha;s the glass case always kept oVer him. It is to 
me only that people look for answer to a chirrup of 
their own; and Tm the biid that gets the seed and 
swgar.^' 

** A scholar OTterheanl this shrewd soUloqiry. ** Bird," 
h« said> lav^ing^ ^^ I peroeiTe you are a pluIoGc^er. 
Solx^ iii« ^ problem. Tell me where to look forjlignity. 
U is * th4i3^ I w;Mi!U'^ 

^ l./c»ok «!tjnfti^t before \V!>qk^^ :sdl<d tl^e inrdL -^ I have 



ie 




"** YoJii, S3E>&je^ !I Kc^-^QiD^^ TtwiitteiiBig, «win^B^ yowr- 
«eiif -ooi 5'^wr fiewfti <iam« infij»«ni»ost!I'*' 

"^ H 4i3& ^trnne tto oa^ «^mm 3xa;t:ii:it6s insn, ^ml Izme to the 

^«wt «i\5T^isn^ nft^we «• i«»? ^H% **> CIkK4:!iwcxrts. 

** ^Fkft, -n^ ^/*o^ W^,'* «i^ifl :^ ^ftieatinner^ -**m^utft if I 

•* ffih<m ^»h^w ^'mnr «m««i, «nH Br. iit. ^u^^ ut me!" 
IPltwtn tfli^ ibiit& ^woift. ;«na ITp 4i$t»«^. 




THE CHICKEN MARKET. 



OsCE upon a time there was a mstic whose name wae 
Ben Ody, and he knew more of what is in an eg^ than 
that it is somethiug good to eat. He understood .how 
one thiog comes out of another. Ben Ody, when, he had 
BO more sense than the lest ot tte woi\3i,Vfii^ \(i-«\b\ 



J 16 Fairtj Tales. 

and when he grew to be so wise, he had been canying 
his chickens to a pretty market. 

There is a woody wilderness in Dulmansland, and few 
reach to the heart of it ; but there is open market held 
by Fairies in the middle of that wilderness, and any 
man who gets to it may talk and traffic with the market- 
people to his own great gain. Ben Ody knew that there 
was such a market, and resolved to carry thither a large 
basketful of chickens. 

Goody Madge Ody cried down his design. Chickens, 
she said, were worth three shillings a couple in their 
own good town of Peni worth, and that was their just 
price all the world over. He might grind down his legs 
from under him in travelling to the strange market, 
and find, she would answer for it, nobody but a fool 
to pay a shilling more. Ben Ody made answer to his 
wife that she talked like a woman, and then set out like 
a man upon his journey. 

He had not gone ten steps from his door, before he 
met somebody who offered him four shillings a pair for 
all his chickens. But Goodman Ben refused the money, 
saying to himself, one has not to go far to find a fool. 
He had not gone ten miles lefore he met somebody who 
offered for his chickens four shillings a-piece. Should 
he halt on his way to Fairy-land because he was tempted 
by so great a certainty of present gain? Ody coveied 
up the basket with his pocket-handkerchief, and tra- 
velled on. Thft verA' chickens cried " Cheap ! cheap !" 
to one another when the bargain was proposed. ** I 
¥^ for better Inok than that," said Ody, as he went his 
UPJ^ A forward young hen, who was of the company 
^BP"*^**^ Jfettilig bet \\ead, %.^t<j^T %. \\t\\^ i^tsever- 
^p^Wlvmfli one of ttie hoVe^ \ti\i«t \as^\«t^%\MKQSkj»t 



The Chicken Market 117 

chief, turned one eye up at him, arid clucked, " Luck ! 
luck ! luck ! Ha J" He could not tell whether she spoke 
in sympathy or in derision. For, to the last, wise as he 
became, Ben Ody could not arrive at the whole and exact 
mind even of a hen. 

On the first night of his journey, Goodman Ben, when 
he came to ah inn, supped upon juicy steak with oyster 
sauce, and bought wheat for his poultry. On the second 
night he had cold shoulder, and fed the chickens upon 
bran. * On the third night he had sour milk for supper, 
and a very little bread, of which he gave all to his birds. 
Should he halt on his way to Fairy-land, because lie 
was repelled by so great a certainty of present hunger ? 
On the fourth night he supped at a pig-trough, and 
slept in a bam, upon the floor of which his hens found 
pickings. On the fifth night he came to the sea- coast, 
where a keen wind, blustering from the east, cruelly 
threatened to cut off his nose and ears. The wild waves 
champed on the restraining bit of shore, tossing abroad 
white flakes of foam. Behind the flying foam-flakes the 
wind raced, like a starved hound, whining. There was 
rough water stining eagerly, flashing white lines, re- 
flecting from the tempestuous sky, just quitted by the 
sun, a ghastly yellow light. But in the west, water 
arid air were heavy with the purple gloom that buried 
all, and was not to be cloven even by the stroke of all 
the lightnings in it. Who could tell when it was from 
the wind, when from the wave, when from the cloud, 
that thunder came ? In that fierce tumult a man's ears 
were stuffed with the incessant roar, his eyes filled with 
tbe rising of great waters, and the rising also of their 
own ftmall food, under pinch of the wmft. \ii«b\.'W^> 
gT//7 on every nerve. The tongue wit'kim l\vft mavi^ 



118 Fairy Tales. 

was halted, and all juices of the flesh seemed to be biine. 
A driving rain began to whip the Goodman in the face. 
No shelter was to be had in. the low red crags behind 
him, or on the flat, treeless land above. Beyond a gap 
in the cliffs, far away by a white sea-mark, a boat-house 
could be seen. But there was between the drenched 
man and that mockery of shelter a wide wet bog, and 
the estuary of a river. 

Then fell upon his mind's ear the voice of his Goody 
who talked like a woman, and upon his mind's eye a 
vision of the market-place of Peniworth that was now 
left, a five days' journey, behind his back. The chickens 
all were become cheerless — cold fowls without tongue. 
Ben Ody had their basket by this time under his 
gaberdine, that dripped and flapped over them, a dismal 
substitute for the warm mother's wing, under which 
they still could remember how they once were nursed. 

Suddenly, through the splashing of the rain, light 
hhone from their owner's countenance. Sore hunger, 
prompter of his wit, reminded him that he knew, as 
eveiy man may know, one sentence, at least, of the 
speech of hens. The hint given him from the basket at 
the outset of his journey, which it had then suited his 
humour to consider English, belonged naturally to one 
of the languages of the great Poultry Stock, and was, in 
fact, Hennifih for " 1 am about to lay an egg." " Where," 
he cried, in his stomach, " is that egg ? For eggs are 
good to eat, and 1 am desperately hungry." There was 
a flutter in the basket, followed by a delicate rap on his 
elbow. Waa that a mouse running down his sleeve? 
llie egg was in his hand. " Pah ! " said the countryman ; 
^'tAe eg^8 alive I It can't be eatable." But Ben Ody 
pat the two ends of the egg to "his Wi^a, au^ivswTv^ wv^ 



Tlie Chicken Market. 119 

odd, the other hot. Bight enough ! he thought. So he 
made for himself a hole in the small end, sucked thereat, 
and "was nearly choked before he knew that what he 
BwaUowed was tobacco smoke. What wonder ? Again 
and again had he prophesied to Goody, and said, ''Goody, 
we shall have the poultry copying the puppies, and the 
chickens will soon learn to smoke before they break the 
shell." How this j'oung embryo came by his cigars, 
was only one out of a thousand mysteries of the tobacco 
trade. 

Ben Ody peeped into the egg-shell, and the smoke 
inunediately stung him in the eye. He might as well 
hope to look down a chimney when fresh wood has been 
laid on the fire below. Meantime, the wind howled, and 
the sea roared in his ears, the rain lashed his face, and 
the salt spray leaped into his mouth, as his teeth chat- 
tered with cold. Vfrhe tobacco-smoke curled up from the 
egg, like the smoke of a fusee that has burnt close to 
another sort of shell. "Next only to victuals comes 
tobacco," sighed the weary man. " After you, therefore, 
if you please, my little chicken I" A wisp of dead 
herbage was blowing by, and a bit of stout reed in it 
caught Ben's attention. *' I will have you," he thought, 
" for a pipe-stem ;" and, accordingly, he thrust one end 
of it through a convenient part of the shell. Immediately 
a venerable head, as big as an old pea, as yellow and 
as wrinkled, but having as much white beard as a 
dozen dandelion seeds, thrust itself from inside through 
a hole of its own breaking, and cried, "How many 
more draughts are you going to expose me to, young 
man?" 

" I beg your pardon, sir," Ben Ody said, " You are no 
chicken !" 



120 Fairy Tales. 

" Why are you standing out there in the rain?" said 
the litUe man, still in a rage. " How much damp are 
yoK going to bring in with you ? Now then, the eupper 
will get cold, as well aa you ! " 

Whether he himself had become Bmaller, or the e^ 
had become larger, Ben could not then tell, for he had 
no point of oomparieon as he stood there in the tempest, 
with his face towttrds the boundless sea. Moreover, he 
was a man on soch terms with himself, that in the most 
ruduood condition he could not feel small. He could 
not) Indeod, fail to perceive that his chicken-basket 
towered high above his head, its wicker sides rising 
like oolumns of a temple, in which thei-e were enshrined 
Hublimo hens and a cock holding .hia head higher than 
any woathur-oook in Snlmansland. But, ah ! what a 
fluo limo-whitod hermitage, tapestried inside from dome 
ti> floor witli the most exquisite of tissues, was the 
vaullwl ohaniber he had taken for an e^. Therein sat 
thu yellow maik, and by no means a little man, beside a 
ttii< hot viiougU to have parched his pea of a head (which 
now Nooutixl to bo as big as a ripe pumpkin), and there 
Ih< kiiiit!ln.<d out the dead ashes £rom his pipe before be 
turufd hia ohair ro\md to the supper-table. The rain 
(tlilniditHl and the wind howled outside, while the wide 
diHa« thfct alultMad thou rocked like a great ship in 
£ur BUppnr t)ii:rt' was a Ik<.'s thigh stewed 
" hot honey ; am! li-.n Ody was bo 
itUoo oRi'T ^li<.'L. and feasted on the 
tbdgna to foil uw ti^ht forhim. 
wmit, "my uame'aTolk. You 
r servant. \Vhat dew 
L tva ruimd botdes 
1 to V^Ai «a. «iacfct(&.- 




The Chicken Market. 121 

broken dewdrbp. " This," he said, ** is Thistledew, and 
this has been distilled on Woodbine Blossom." Then 
Yolk broke the seal of one bottle carefully, produced a 
couple of cups, and shared with his guest a drop of 
Thistle-dew, at which they drank and drank, till pru- 
dence counselled them to leave a litjtle in the bottle. 
Ody hardly knew what he had been talking about, so 
much had the dew risen to his head, when at last his 
servant became angry, and began to beat the table, 
shouting again and again, " Shut your hand fii-mly upon 
what you want, and there you have it!" Then Ben 
Ody shut his hand, and there were barleycorns forcing 
their way out between his §ngers. He" shut both his 
hands firmly, opened them side by side, so that he made 
a scoop of his two palms, and the scoop was at once full 
to overflowing of good barley. Then he knew that what 
he had been arguing about was supper for his fowls, and 
he went out to feed them. 



CHAPTEB XL 

^ , OVER THE SEA. , . 

The stoim was over, though the 6ea raged still against 
the land, but no star shone. The moon, breaking for 
an instant through a . rift in the cl6uds, made the wet, 
glistening ishore so light, that one of his colossal chickens, 
having spied the Goodman as he clambered up the side 
of a great pebble, mistook him for a grub, and being 
peckish, made a snap at him. "You vfOM\9i 'unX.i^ «k^^ 
Yolk, laughing at Ben's escape, " liavQ\>e>eivl3ci& ^-s:«X.t£i3»55. 



122 Fairt/ Tales, 

eaten up hy liie own chickens when trnvelling this way 
to market. You have held to your mind vKth them, and 
they are yuur own. Treasare them. Golden eggs are 
a mere goose's business to the eggs they lay. But they 
may eat you up, nevertheless. We are youre, yet have 
a care, Master Ben Ody. You are oura." 

" Dear Mr. Yolk, what must I do?" 

" Go on." 

"Through the sea, I suppose ?" 

" Certainly, through the sea. This is the Sea of 
Trouble, through which you must go, unless you will 
return to Peniworih." 

" But here is every heq as lai^e as a parsonage, and 
a cook bigger than our parish charch. I might well 
loavo them alone to find their suppers. If they grow at 
thitt rate, nothing smaller than a sea serpent will be the 
worm that any one of them will scratch for. What ship 
ia to cany them ?" 

" Tlioro is no ship to carry them," said Yolk. 

" Ah, very well. To fowls of that size, the sea is a 
\m\A\Q. But, for myself, where am I te find a little 
«kifl'— a more oook-boat — what if it were but an e^- 
Hholl'/" and Bon cast a wistful look upon the her- 

"Go on," Bud Yolk. "I only stay behind to let 
Uk' fwwlwoiit of the Imskot, You may trust oa all to 

pitoh-iUik. Mr. Yolk. The sea and 

buffoting anJ touring at each other. Here 

fWitg, itixt <( wave at its first innings has 

li»A inv 0-wii." I'or a roinnte there esc^ied 

" Hjt^it fwvin U»o ttonn«.\MOT6-, it fled like a 






The Chicken MarJcd. 123 

surging waters. tJnder its touch, there had flashed into 
sight, pale and still, the tall figure of Yolk, with one 
arm raised, and a long finger pointing seaward. 

*' Courage, Ben Ody ! Dare and overcome ! Turn 
neither to the right nor to the left. Go on resolved, and 
you will reach the Fairy Market." 

The rustic put faith in the exhortation, and his heart 
enlarged within him. " Shut your hand firmly upon 
what you want, and there you have it." 

" Courage I" Ben Ody cried, with both fists clenched, 
beating the waves back as they struck him on the brow. 
He was among them, and his large tread became heavy 
on the corals of the sea- bottom as his frame grew to the 
measure of his grand audacity. 

Sharks leaping about him, worried him as fleas worry. 
a dog. Great whales gathered in shoals, and joined 
their forces in wild rushes at his legs. As well might 
earwigs hope to trip the heels of a prizefighter. 

"Mr. Yolk," said Ody, when they were halfway 
across, "it seems to me that this is pretty night-work 
for a man whose supper was but a few slices out of a 
bee's leg, and half a dew-drop." 

" It is getting to be all spirit with you, Mr. Ody," 
said the man out of the egg. *' Your courage is not 
of the sort they cut up with a knife and fork. Star- 
vation strengthens it. There is meat enough in a bee's 
leg to give mettle to the man who is resolved. So 
here we are, safe out of deep water and sure-footed 
among the shallows. This rain is but the earth's morn- 
ing wash ; for there, you see, rises the sun over the 
sand-hills." 

" WeU/' Ody said, " I have had my 'wadcL,^^^^'^'^'*'^ 
I could only polish myself with a towel, gvi^ -^"^ V^^^ ^ 



Fairy Talis. 

e combuig, and bmsh laj old EijMKk and boots 
and gaiten into swnethjng fit to be looked at—" 

" Look [ look ! look ! here ! " cliH^ed a voice behind 
bitn. 

"That's the Toice of the speckled hen, I know," said 
Ben, tnming upon her. Speckled '. Why, Yolk, are 
these my chickens ? Was that sea a beauty bath ? " 

Thoaji;li a hnmming bird grew to the size of an oetricb, 
and increaHed as mnch in beauty as in size, it would be 
no match for one of l^en Ody^s chickens as those chickens 
now Mhone down the dawn. They had crossed the water, 
and stood glittering anfong the duU sand-hills like hil- 
loclu of rainbow in the morning rain. 

" ITireo shillings a couple, did you say, Madge ? And 

that glorious being yonder," whispered the niatic, " is 

my speckled hen, for it is she who has demeaned herself 

to lay ino an egg for my breakfast. Here it is." But 

iM Oooilraun Ody took it up, the shell broke in hjs hand, 

Hiid there full out of it a small clothes-brush, a comb, 

(trid u large towel. When Ben Ody rubbed his face dry 

witli this towel, soft and delicate as any spider's web, 

Ihtiugh Htronger than chain-cable, the wrinkles and the 

IViHikluv and the stubble of his beard came away with 

thti wulor. His crooked, nose, kneaded up in it for a 

inoitiDnt, lieouiuo ut the nose of an Apollo, and his old 

moutb liliiwH>med again with its early roses. He dug 

the ouinb Into Uts hair, and shook out exquisite odours 

wlilli- liii |iiilli>ii the griBsled mat into brown silken 

. tnnonm. Ili> l>rimhtd at his smock, hia boots and his 

■■l^lil. fllt.«i inn kwty til that was rustic as he rubbed: 

^M^nuiiclt biiiNilied out into a purple velvet robe, en- 

^Bh Whh u lla« gol& ^labnA^^Tj aud fi-inged with 

^fuyu I'hu gkiten, -i«^«u tii&ix ^«^i ^ii &Yi:v.Vn&. 



The Chicken Market 125 

been cleared off,' displayed an inner crust Of diamonds, 
and the old hobnail boots, which, with the feet inside, 
were filed down by one minute's brushing to a dainty 
size and shape, cleaned into easy slippers of rich orange 
morocco with red. heels. At the same time there came 
a sensation of silk and fine linen over the entire body 
and legs of Mr. Ody. 

" Kow, master, that you have done polishing your- 
self," said Yolk, " will you oblige me with the brush 
and towel." 

Yolk cleaned himself into the figure of a black-haired 
page in a full suit of amber satin. Still there was a 
touch of bile in his complexion, but his face was smooth, 
and the long white bristles of his beard had shrunk into 
a tender down upon the chin. Upon his upper lip the 
towel left only a slender black moustache, of hair that 
might be in the very first month of its crispness. 

" There's nothing," he said, " so refreshing as a good 
rub with a towel, when one has been hard at work all 
night." : : 

" Except' breakfast," observed my Lord Ben. '* Towels 
and combs and yellow pages are all very well, but my 
intention was to eat that egg." 

" Shut your hand firmly upon what you want, and 
there you have it. Call for what breakfast you please, 
master." 

*' O, certainly. A pint of old ale and a muffin ! 
There, Yellow Page I The muffin is for you — the ale 
for me." 

*' May I be permitted to suggest, that if I had as 
much might in my hands as you in yours, I should 
know how to choose myself a better "bT^aMaaX..^^ 
♦' Throw the muffin to the fowls^ M "you 3L.0TL\.\VJ&fe^^— 



li'! Flint Jl/ed. 

- Stay, r bej jrar ptiri^n fij-r remembering old ways. 
Ar PaiiT^rrh. I Eiad aiy momieg dranght. and Madge, 
she hod her mofii. Hoid duit ouiSn for a minnte, and 
keep it as Iioc lu yi.<a can. wkile I shnt my hand upon 
my Gi>:^y. There. I hiive her!" With her mob-cap 
and her £tlae red wi^: hi^r turtoideshell spectacles ; hei' 
nun-op DOM acd :he one front-tooth in her mouth; 
with her old dowered guwn tncked np about her waist, 
and a black petci'tat dapping over the wrinkles in her 
grey wocs:cd sttokings ; with her feel raised upon pat- 
tens, her bare ahrirelLJ arma still wet to the elbows 
with siapeTiils. and a dripping lump of mottled soap in 
her right hand, while her l^^ft band slipped greasily out 
I'f h^r hnsband's gra^p ; there stiod Goody Madge, 

" Let me give you a lub. Goody, with this towel." 

- I'll h*re no spiders' webs thrust in my mouth. 
Keep off, I say I Xone <:if your play-acting with me." 

" After only a week's parting, do you not remember 

Ben again; Have I not been fighting alone through 

my trouble, and do 1 not give you my hand now I am 

. feirly through that sea, and safe to find niy way into 

the FaiiA- Chicken Market?" 

" My Bon certainly left Peniworth on a fool's erraud 
with a basketful of chickens. But if yon tu^ he, j'ouVe 
altered greatly for the worse. What ofher sign am I to 
know yog by?" 

e morning muffin ! " ' 

1 tliat morning drutight, I. see ! But who's the 

rellow boy who -waits upon me." 
you done with the hens?" 




The Chicken Market. 127 

theur farther, I shall only find a fool to pay a shilling 
more?" 

" Nonsense, Ben. Fine feathers don't make fine fowl. 
How will they. roast?" 

. "They glorify me, they give power to my hands, 
they give me back more than my yo^th, they grow 
without food, they are the delight of my eyes ; and am 
I, because in our old market-place nothing but bread 
and meat is bartered for, to wring their necks and sell 
them for the pot?" 

" Alack ! alack ! alack ! Yah ! " cried a voice from 
the sand-heaps. 

" That is the black ben's voice,"^ said Mrs. Margery. 
" I'll go look for her egg." 



CHAPTER III. 

THROUGH WASTE AND WILDERNESS. 

The light rain had passed away, and mist was rolling 
from the earth as the sun rose. Yolk laid a hand on 
Ody's wrist, and drawing close to him, looked witt an 
awed face landward. On the verge of the land, where 
the last blades of coarse grass were waving in the sea- 
wind, the outline visible against the sky was indistinctly 
broken by the gleam of some white ruined gravestones 
and the swelling up of graves. A heavy mist was roll- 
ing upward from that undefended graveyard on the 
border of the sea. Within the mist, and part of it. 
were solemn shapes that spread themselves abroad, the 
shapes of ghostly grave-diggers, each, mtii ^ \Aa.OK. TS^aKr 
tocJr in his hand. 



128 Fairy Tales. 

'* They are gone, Master. I saw them sitting on the 
shore watching for us." 

"For us?" 

"Go up, master, and see those graves. They are all 
marked with plain stones, not a name ever was carved 
on one of them. Here the storm beats and the lichen 
grows. This head-stone was beaten down upon its 
grave when the blast of the night wind shrieked over 
the forgotten dead. They were all wrecked men whom 
the ghosts have buried, working silently and leaving 
not a trace beyond the hillock and a headstone such as 
these." 

Goodman Ody shivered, " This hole in the sand was 
made for me, no doubt, and I observe now that the 
shore is lined with heaps of chicken-bone." 

" Many a man," said Yolk, " carrying his chickens to 
the Fairy Market, has been taken dead out of this Sea 
of Trouble. When the resolve falters in the midst of 
peril, all is lost. Every man cannot shut his hand 
firmly upon what he wants. That young husband, upon 
whose grave the fallen stone lies heavy, had the fondest 
heart alive. He flinched and died when the salt wave 
reminded him of tears of little children on his cheek. 

Then, as he picked a bunch of wormwood from this 
grave, there came upon Ben Ody's ear, the voice of his 
Goody, crying, " Come down, man ! Here's the black 
hen's egg ; only she isn't black, and a pretty egg it is 
for your fine feathers to lay. It's empty I " 

",Stop," answered the Goodman, *'stop till I come. 
Now, crack that egg, and you tihall see what you shall 
see come out of it. Well, Goody, what is it?" 

"My wedding-ring," said the old dame, "and that is 
ouj'ious. When you were three days away, I was vexed 



The Chicken Market. 129 

at you, and took it o£f, and put it away in a teapot. 
How it came here — how I came here — ^how you came to 
be so foolish — what has come to the chickens — who 
that yonng man is — and what's coming to us all, who 
knows?" 

'* Never mind, Margery, put out your finger and on 
goes the ring again. Is there any spell in it, I wonder, 
Mr. Yolk ? How do you feel now, Madge ? " 

" I feel like sticking by you, Ben." 

** Then may the black hen lay nothing but wedding- 
rings, and may 1 be the jeweller that sells them. On 
we go. My love's as old as yours, Goody, although the 
matter of the chickens puts a diflFerence between us. 
You'd shine like a queen if you would only scrub your 
fece well with this towel." 

"I'm Goody Madge, and I don't wish to be trans- 
mogrified." 

" Then, Goody, you shall not even put your pattens 
off. So take my arm, old woman, and come on." 

The forward road lay through a vast sandy plain, 
filled with rabbit-holes. The fowls, glittering with all 
colours that play in the diamond, led the way, and were 
as a rainbow of hope moving before them. Ben Ody, 
beautiful in his new youth, walked lovingly with his 
old wife, who, having shaken down her flounced gown, 
had wiped her arms upon her apron, put the bit of 
mottled soap into her pocket, and was carrying her pat- 
tens in her hand. She did not care about the splendour 
of his newly-gotten youth, he did not care about her 
wrinkles and grey hairs. The bells had rung for them 
both, years ago, from Peniworth church steeple. There 
was one memory, one heart between them. Yolk de- 
Fcribed the road. " These," he said, *' were the famous 



130 Fairy Tales. 

warrens of Mockery on the confines of Dulmansland." 
Ben was pleased with the ways of the little rabbits that 
ran out of their holes to nibble and make mouths at 
him. They were so free with Goody's heel, that she 
put on her pattens again to protect her toes from their 
incessant nibbling. They were thus bold because they 
saw her dread of them ; Ben Ody's slippers were proof 
against all their bites. Shrubs became numerous, in 
which venomous snakes hissed as they passed. Trees 
multiplied, and, following their chickens, the wayfarers 
soon were buried in the great Forest or Wilderness of 
Doubt. 

*' By the straight path, on and be resolved," Yolk 
whispered. Everywhere there was to be heard the 
roaring of a lion round the comer, but none ever leapt 
out to dispute the forward way. As the forest dark- 
ened, and the night set in, and the moon threw only 
a stray spear-shaft of light among the trees. Goody said, 
under her breath : '* I go where you go, Ben, but I have 
heard laughter at men who took their chickens to a 
pretty market, and I have some fear of what it means." 

Ben answered with a brave word, crushed the bunch 
of wormwood in liis hand, and steadily went on. 



CHAPTER IV. 

TBB ILARKET REACHED. 

•* Did you see that, Ben ?"* 

**Fhsh of eyes! TViere %re ^^ote^ ^^iws^%%5wwtus in 
^9 wocc^ and they mak^ no ^^cmui^* ^^Hsa ^ ^dBssi&.T«si 



The Chicken Market. 131 

against me, and walked through me, and could not be 
felt. Hark, Ben ! What voice is that ?" 

" The nightingale." 

" O husband ! I wish we were well through the 
wood." 

" That's a bold cock of ours to blow his clarion 
against the nightingale," said Ben. " There is a distant 
answer. Trumpet music, that comes nearer and nearer. 
There's a chorus coming with it. Hark, old girl, hark 
to the words I We must be getting to our journey's 
end. 

" Make way through the press, yes ! yes ! 
To the never despairing, the manfully daring. 
Market is open, yes I yes ! " 

Then, under the gloomy forest-paths, the chickens all 
began to shine with their own light. The wood was 
fall of spia7 1 lamps, for every lamp was a Fairy. The 
glorious J^i'ocession was seen coming onward like the 
miracle of a bright sunbeam in the midst of night. 
There was no light but that which issued from the 
robes and beaming faces of the Fairies. 

On each side of the path the Fairies stood in treble 
line, face over face. Behind and above these keepers of 
the way, among the trees and on the trees, a frolicsome 
crowd made with its happiness a wall of light that shone 
reflected from Ben Ody in his royal pui-ple, and Madge 
in her figured cotton gown. Hemmed in by Fairy faces 
of which every one looked lovingly upon her Ben, a 
little dazzled by the light, a little troubled with embar- 
rassment about her pattens, the Goody took a firm grip 
of her husband's arm and happily maTeVieA. oxv. 
7'liat path led to the open space o^ t\x"^ ^<»X. ^^vc^ 



1 32 Fairy Tales. 

Market, which is hemmed in by the dark Forest of 
Doubt. The moon stood over it large and round, but 
the whole market was filled in part with its own emerald 
light from the robes of the Fairies, in part with the 
white and rosy radiance of their feces, and the glitter of 
a crowd of eyes brighter than stars that cluster in the 
milky-way. 

Goody Madge was beset by praises of her chickens, 
and her heart warmed at the sound of merry traffic from 
fragrant alcoves cut out of the forest. She felt no more 
concern about her pattens. Nobody heeded them, and 
yet it seemed that everybody heeded her and her good 
man. 

"What shall I give you for those chickens, mortal 
dame?" a busy Elf asked of the Goody. 

" Three shillings a couple. Madam, was their price at 
Peniworth, but " — 

" Shillings I what are shillings, you dear mfcnd — 

" Wit or beauty, troth to duty, 
Strength to conquer or obey, 
Heart to give well, soul to live well. 
Such alone is Fairies* pay." 

" That's a funny sort of monej^" said old Madge, 
almost in rh3'me. 

Then another Fairy whispered : " Don't be eager. 
Bide your time." 

Goodman Ben Ody spoke with Yolk, and then began 
to sing : 

" AH the fowls that hither we bring, 
Body and legs, liver and 'wm?,. 
We mean to present to tYie^aXT^^"^^^^ 



The Chicken Market 133 

Then there was more music and more chorussing, and 
in the middle of the market place, Oberon, who de- 
scended in form of a moonbeam, became visibly present 
on a bed of night-flowers there laid for him. The 
burden of the chorus changed when in a ring of dancing 
light the Fairies stood about the royal couch and fixed 
their eyes upon Ben Ody and his wife, as they were left 
alone together in the great space opposite the King. 

" To you he descends ; you are his friends. 
To the never despairing, the manfully daring, 
Obeix)n speaks and the world attends." 

" Your chickens shall come into my bam- yard, Good- 
man Ody," said the King, " What shall I give you 
more than thanks for them?" 

** Only your hand to kiss," Ben stammered. 

The circle of the Fairies closed in on the Goodman 
and his wife, as Oberon stretched forth his royal hand. 
Ben stood erect when he had kissed it ; erect even when 
he saw the Fairy King rise from his couch, and bending 
reverently over it, himself kiss the brown, wrinkled 
hand of the old Goody. 

" Goodman Ben Ody," said his Majesty, " you that 
have kissed the hand of Oberon, are minded to go back 
to Peniwoi*th and dig with a new strength in your 
own faxm. Out of the fulness of your heart as of 
your hand, you will deal wisely, liberally, gently, with 
your fellows. The wiser you become, the better will 
you feel why Oberon paid homage to your faithful wife. 
Dame Margery requires none of your Fairy lore. Look 
down, fortunate husband, into the old eyes under her 
spectacles, and learn to read in them the greater mys- 
teries of a good woman's soul." 



134 Fairy Tales. 

Mai^ery's hand ehook, and her pattenR clicked to- 
gether, as she heard these fine things said about herself. 
It was odd that they fhould make her think of her lame 
j'onngest boy, the cowherd, and a great defJ more curious 
that he should take that very time to pull the bobbin 
and come limping in over the stone floor of her kittihen. 
Kever before was known ench easy travelling as the 
return from Oberon'e court into the old hoiiso-plaoe. 
Ben, in his usual smock, and with the usual freckles 
and wrinkles, was only fetching his spade out of the 
tool-house. But there had been no dreaming. The 
chickens were gone, and, in a suit of corduroy, a fair- 
sized plonghboy with a face yellow and seamed as an 
old pea, there was Yolk Bmoking his pipe in the chimney- 





SILVEB TASSELS. 



Thk only ailment to which good Fairies are Bubject ia an 
affection of the fancy, whereby they grow mad for mie- 
chief. A fairy bo altered is called a Koguo Fairy ; and 
tho Rogue Fairy, UBually a male, will often eeparato 
himself fiom hia own circle, and, looking for a solitary 
den of hiti own, fix hiiQBelf perhaps, aa tho liogue Splug 
did.inacbimney. The Bogne likea aneatYaB.'iiv 



136 Fairy Tales. 

He can drop smut into the pot, or blow the smoke into 
the house as often as he pleases, and has all the house- 
hold at his mercy, 

Splug lost his temper over the doings of his friend the 
little Fairy Teasel, who had forgotten herself so far as to 
go as companion to the Queen Cockatoo. He might have 
gone to the same magnificent court with her, and dis- 
tinguished himself in the service of King Cockatoo — a 
brilliant sovereign, though not so powerful as his fore- 
fathers had been — but he was cross, and chose rather to 
go and live in a chimney. He was so very cross that 
there was no living for human creatures in the sweet 
little cottage of which the chimney was in his possession. 
Soot always fell at the times when a fall of soot would 
do most mischief; the cottagers were made to look like 
sweeps; and when the sweep himself came up the 
chimney, he was tickled till he sneezed the soot flakes 
about like the leaves in an autumn whirlwind. Long 
pots, short pots, crooked pots, cowls of all sorts were 

. fixed upon the chimney-top, but always tumbled and 
tore through the roof where they could clatter down on 
something choice. At last, the cottage was deserted, and 
the owner of it, my Lord Hemp, the hardest and, the 
richest man in the whole realm of Gossamer, never went 
near it. For in the blackening of Hemp's face Splug 
took a particular delight. 

The cottage haunted by this Kogue Fairy was on the 
outskirts of Feathergrass, the capital of Gossamer. My 
Lord Hemp, who occupied a house in the city nearly as 
tine as the Queen's Palace, was so grand a man, and in 
his own opinion so choice a man, that he was not with- 

out hope of marrying his sovereign., Qw^^n Sappodilla. 
^ow, it happened that wheB t\i© coUa.^<b\isA\»^TiiQ.x 



Silver Tassels, 137 

«■ long time empty, and when anybody might have lived 
in it for nothing who would undertake to make the 
smoke go up its chimney, there came into those parts a 
poor widow, whose name was Neroli. She brought with 
her all her goods in a small bundle, and ten gold pieces, 
all that her poor husband had been able to lay by for her 
before he died. She came on foot into the city of 
Feathergrass, with her bundle in one hand and her 
little seven-year old daughter. Silver Tassels, holding by 
the other. Mother and child were dressed in old clothes 
so well mended that you hardly might observe how 
many times they had been torn, and all their finery was 
on the child in form of an old girdle of silver thread, 
with a small pair of silver tassels that a godmother had 
given her. Neroli and little Silver Tassels walked up 
and down for some time through the scented groves and 
among the palaces of Feathergrass, in vain search for a 
place that they could make into a pleasant home. At 
last they sat down in a large public garden to eat their 
dry bread among the lilies which grew under the shadow 
of some blossoming orange-trees. As they sat a tall 
gentleman came by, sharp-eyed, sharp-nosed, and thin- 
lipped, with powdered hair, and a great deal of white 
muslin frill about his neck. It was my Lord Hemp 
going to court, magnificently dressed in blue-and- white 
satin, trimmed with flowers and with thick gold fringe 
on all the borders of his clothes. Neroli was very 
beautiful. She had, like her child, a wealth of sunny 
brown hair falling about her white forehead, and they 
both had faithful blue eyes that no living creature could 
mistrust. The child had the rounder cheeks ; but child 
and mother were alike weary ani >N\i\\ft 'vV^evv \X!ij:^ \jRjt^ 
ffemp stood still before them. 



1 38 Fairy Taks. 

" A little girl that can wear silver tassels should eat 
cake," he said. Neroli supposed, therefore, that he was 
about to pull a cake out of his pocket. But he only 
added in a harsh voice, " Why do you give dry bread to 
such a child as that, and let her eat it here. Eating is 
not permitted in these gardens I " 

" We have no home, yet," Neroli faltered ; " we have 
been looking for a room this morning. .As for the dry 
bread, sir, we have but ten gold crowns in the world, 
and must not eat them." 

" My dear woman, pardon me," said Hemp. " You 
have ten gold crowns, and you want a lodging, I am 
interested in you ; and as I happen to have empty at this 
moment a very pretty cottage just outside the town, I 
will let you live in it. Pay me only the worth of one 
room as a little weekly rent. You will be punctual, I 
see that in your face. The payment is only a form, 
which it will be a pleasure to you to obseiTe. You can 
earn money ? " 

" I hope to live by my needle. Therefore we have 
come to Feathergrass," 

*' My recommendation at Court you may rely upon. 
Allow my steward to show you the premises. If you 
were to pay in advance four gold pieces, the cottage 
would be your own for the first half-year, and we should 
be simply neighbours and friends. Afterwards the 
small rent might be paid weekly, for I know that way 
will suit you best, my dear young friend. Oxlip," he 
said, turning to the steward, who was following at the 
head of a troop of gilt servants in attendance upon the 
great lord, " conduct this lady and her charming daughter 
to the cottage of mine now so fortunately empty. If she 
wjU accept that as her home, and me as her friend, say 



Silver Tassels, 139 

for the next seven or fourteen years, see that there is a 
little writing drawn up for our mutual assurance. 
Madam I kiss your hand. The Queen awaits me." 

So Neroli and Silver Tassels came to the cottage, 
which was not far from the town, and as pretty a place 
as one might wish to look at. A grove of date palms 
rose behind its garden, which was edged with scarlet 
cactus blossoms, and sweet flowering myrtle. The road 
opposite its door crossed by a mossy wooden bridge a 
river of the clearest water, in which water-lilies opened 
their great blossoms and spread their floating leaves. 
On the other side of the river was a strip of flat ground 
at the foot of round hills covered. with rose gardens. 
These belonged to the merchants who owned a great 
fiictory higher up by the waterside, where perfume of 
roses was extracted for the markets of the world. The 
runnings from the factory made rosewater of all the 
streams. The cottage itself was thatched with sweet 
flag ; and, like most of the huts in the realms of Gossamer, 
was built of rough blocks of a fragrant wood that grows 
large in those parts. Only the hearth-place and the 
chimney were not of wood, but of sand, burnt, according 
to the custom of the country, into rough plates of a sort 
of fireproof glass. 

Here, then, Neroli gladly enough agreed to live for 
seven years to come, paying at once, for the first half- 
year's possession, four of her gold pieces ; and bound to 
pay thereafter, weekly rent at the same rate. Little was 
spent for furniture. She and her daughter slept on the 
waste rose leaves, that cost only the trouble of fetching 
from the factory. She had little to buy beyond a table 
and two chairs, a tub and a basket, a pot and a kettle. 
The few clothes they had, and some small household 



140 Fairy Tales. 

necessaries, brought from tlie home lost by death of the 
house father, were in the bundle that Xeroli had with 
her, and among the necessaries was a well-stored work- 
box, the poor woman's stock in trade. 

Her plan might have been changed, and khe might 
have found work at the neighbouring factory, but that 
was manned (if I may say manned) by slaves. The 
needlework she got was very poor. Lord Hemp, though 
it might have been worth his while to support the 
tenant he had caught, struck her off his mind for the next 
six months on receipt of four of her gold crowns. He 
knew that he could not advise the grand ladies of Queen 
Sappodilla's court, which is the most handsomely dressed 
court in the world, to send their rich stuffs to be made 
up in a chimney; for the cottage all the world of 
Feathergrass knew to be no better than a chimney, when 
a fire was lighted in it. But the poor traders, who could 
afford Neroli very little pay, did, for love of her gentle 
face, and out of pity that Lord Hemp should have so 
cruelly entrapped her, give her what work they could ; 
only in doing so they begged, with a puzzling earnest- 
ness, that she would bring it home to them clean if 
possible. 

This puzzled Neroli, because Splug was not in his 
chimney when she took possession of the house, and all 
about her was clean as a lily bud. Splug, finding him- 
self left without amusement, had gone off to try whether 
he could not break one of the tail feathers of Queen 
Cockatoo, but had been seized on the way by an old parrot, 
supematurally gifted, who fastened a claw upon one of 
his little buttons, and talked to him for six months, till 
his head span round and round ; at least, it span round 
and round so swiftly that the parrot was made giddy by 



Silver Tassels. 141 

looking at what he had done, and his claw lost hold upon 
Spltig's button, although with his beak he still was able 
to hold forth. Splug flew off, but his head continued to 
spin for another twelvemonth, so that he was too con- 
fused to understand whither he went ; because, though 
he might be journeying straight on, what was before 
him in one instant was behind him in the next. At last he 
was sufficiently recovered from the punishment inflicted 
on him by the parrot to discover his way back into his 
own chimney. When he entered it, smoke was ascending, 
and at once he eased his mind by kicking all the soot 
down to the fire, and blowing the smoke back into the 
house. Then he listened mischievously for the noise of 
bcolding that had usually followed, but heard only two 
soft voices. So he peeped down, and saw a fair woman, 
with rich brown hair falling about her shoulders, and a 
poor old dress, sooted in front, who was pouring into a 
dish a few cooked roots out of a saucepan, into which the 
soot had fallen. A pale little girl, who also had brown 
hair and wistful blue eyes, sat before an empty plate on 
the other side of the table, and said, '* I am not hungry, 
mother." With the faintest little quiver of the face, the 
woman shook her head over the sooty mess. '* This does 
not look nice, does it, Silver Tassels? But you had 
no dinner yesterday. You must not say you are not 
hungry." 

** I mean, mother, I am not hungrier than I can bear." 
The woman and child kissed each other, and no more was 
said. 

" Odd people these ! " Splug thought to himself, and 
came down, himself very much like a lump of soot, to sit 
unobserved among the crickets, watching them. He 
could see that the child would have cried had she been 



142 Fairy Tales. 

aloDe, and so would the mother ; but, being together, one 
pair of blue eyes smiled into the other, and fond little 
words were said while the fallen soot was being cleared 
away. Then the poor mother took off her soiled dress, 
and sat down by her work-box with some coarse stuff 
upon which she began to sew and sew for the dear bread, 
while the child lighted the fire again, stooping as she 
did so, till her silver tassels almost came upon Splug's 
nose. The fairy looked up curiously : " Certainly," he 
thought, "that girdle was made at Titania's court. I 
have seen Teasel, ages ago, working upon those tassels. 
Pretty thing, truly, to wear them and want a dinner! " 

When the fire was lighted. Silver Tassels made some 
water hot, and pouring it into a little tub, quietly began 
to wash her mother's only dress, while still the mother, 
sitting in her underclothes, with her brown hair about 
her shoulders, and her blue eyes as they were bent 
down filming with tears, sewed and sewed for the 
dear bread. 

Splug ran up the chimney again and came down on the 
other side as a poor wooden-legged soldier, who tapped 
at the door and asked for charity. " I have not eaten for 
two days," he said. 

'* Ah, friend," said Neroli, " neither has my child." 

"Nor you?" 

"Nor I ; but that is little. I had my golden child- 
hood, and may bear some sorrow now. But she — look 
at her I" 

Silver Tassels, standing on a little stool, with cheeks 

not so round as they had been, was rubbing at the sooty 

dress, trying to wash it well with a thumb's-end of soap. 

When her mother pointed to her, she began a cheer}- 

Jj'ttJe song, learnt in her babyhood. 



Silver Tassels. 143 

** Well," said the soldier, ** we are all three hungry, 
and the dates are ripe in the wood outside. I will go 
pick up some of the fallen dates, and we will make a 
feast together." 

The child stopped in her song, opened her blue eyes 
to their utmost width as she looked at him, and said, 
wonderingly, ** They are not ours." 

" They belong to Lord Hemp, who owns the land, 
and to whom we owe to-day a week's rent for the cottage 
we are in," the mother explained ; and it was clear to 
her that there was no more to be said. 

" Oh, well," said the soldier, *' Lord Hemp is the 
richest man in Feathergrass, and eats of the daintiest 
He can spare a handful of dates to the starving." 

" No doubt," Neroli said. " Perhaps I shall have to 
ask him for so much." 

" I cannot wait to ask," said Splug. " Do as you will. 
I am off to the wood for my dinner." 

As he was going away, " Ah, little daughter," said 
Neroli, " he must be hungrier than we are, or he would 
not think of that. He would not do it if we had anything 
to give." So she took her silver thimble from her finger, 
and following the lame soldier, pressed it into his hand. 
** The worth of it," she said, " will buy at least a piece of 
bread, and then help may come before you are again 
tempted to steal." 

The soldier thanked her, and went off towards the 
town. 

"Dearest mother," said poor little Silver Tassels, 
when she came in again, "you work all the long day 
with needles, and without your thimble you will be 
so hurt ! " 

" Without my thimble he would have been ma^^ 



144 Fairy Tales. 

hurt than at the finger-tip. Ah, darling! it is hard 
for us, but think how very terrible his hunger must have 
been I " Now, Splug heard all this as he sat in the 
chimney, crosslegged and potbellied, with the thimble 
on his head. 

A little later in the afternoon, there was a great rout 
of gilt servants on horseback, scampering over the 
bridge, followed at full speed by a gilt coach drawn 
by six cream-coloured horses, behind which more gilt 
servants, all of them blackamoors, followed on foot. 
This was my Lord Hemp coming in full dress from his 
country-house to dine with Queen Sappodilla. 

When he came by the door of the cottage, " Halt ! " 
he cried; for he remembered that a week's rent was 
just due, and as he had been told that the chimney had 
not smoked since the new tenants went in, he was not 
afraid to go in himself and get the small morsel of money 
that was owing. 

When Splug saw his old enemy come in, dressed in 
white and blue satin pranked with flowers, and wearing 
over his neatly powdered head a crimson velvet hat 
with a whole peacock's tail in it, he chuckled to him- 
self, but waited to hear what might pass, before he 
began any mischief. 

" Quick, my two florins,'* said my lord, not taking his 
hat off in the widow's presence. " Quick, my good lady ! 
The Queen waits for me ! " 

" Alas, sir, if you would wait " 

'* Wait I " he cried. " Is not the money due to-day ? 
Not got it ; very well, that need not trouble you. What 
shall I take instead ? I cannot put your pots and pans 
into my carriage ; but see now, there's that silver girdle 
of your child's." 



"Oh no, sir," tiie mother said, "not thati— at 1 
not yet" 

" Well, there's your workbox." 




"Mother cannot live without that," said the chil 
" Please take my tassels." 

" They will do for next week," said my lord, as '. 
directed two big footmen to pnt the widow's workb 
into his carriage, first gatberi^ig up into It the Hcissc 



, 146 Fairyt Tales. 

that had dropped from her lap when she rose to receive 
him, and the needles and threads that were lying on 
the table. And she, when starving with her child, 
would not have robbed him of a fallen date ! 

But Splug, in the form of a cricket, jumped into the 
workbpx and jumped out again, leaving a charm behind. 
While my lord rolled home in his great coach with the 
box that was the poor woman's hope of daily bread by 
his side, he was thinking of the elegant things he would 
say to Queen Sappodilla, for on that evening he in- 
tended openly to ask her hand. But, at a word from 
Splug all the needles and pins were alive, and the 
needles, when they had all threaded themselves quietly, 
were slipping out of the box to busy themselves with 
his lordship. One stitched the back of his fine hat to 
the back of his coat-collar ; another sewed up his 
pockets; another fastened the legs of his trousers to 
his boots. Whatever \Vas hooked, tied, or buttoned of 
the clothes he wore, the busy needles sewed up with 
the neatest of invisible stitches, but so strongly, that 
not even a knife could cut them through. That done, 
all that had been in the workbox flying and gliding 
softly up and down disposed itself in folds of my lord's 
clothes, so that he carried everj-thing with him but the 
box itself, when he went into her Majesty's presence. 

But in what state did he appear before his sovereign ? 
He had not been able to pull his gloves off, and the 
utmost that he had been able to do with his hat, was to 
thrust it from the front of his head, so that the great 
peacock's tail streamed down over his back. 

"J/j lord 18 ill?" said the Queen. 
"Pardon me, great SappodiWa, tWt \ ^^ Tv^t come 
^ith naked hands into your preseiiCft. Wi^N^^Xalw^^^^ 



Silver TasseU. 147 

my fingers to-day with so much ink, in your service, 
that I dare not have them seen." 

" But your hat, my lord " 

"Is a part of my coat; a new fashion. I hope you 
admire it. Ow ! ow ! whew ! " My lord danced briskly, 
lifting up, as fast and as high as he could, first one leg 
and then the other. The Queen, wlio did not know that 
her favourite's legs were then being attacked by five 
large needles, two darners, and three tailor s -bet weens, 
emiled, and said, " A new fashion in deportment also, 
I perceive." 

" Emotion, august mistress ! Emotion, caused by your 
graciousness." Then he clapped both his hands upon 
Jiis back and cried one long Ow ! louder than before. 
Queen Sappodilla really thought that love for her had 
turned his lordship's brain, so, as she meant soon to 
make him happy, she at once asked him to take her in 
to dinner. Feeling for needles as he went, but finding 
none, because they nimbly slipped from fold to fold as 
he pursued them, my Lord Hemp led her Majesty to 
dinner. He dined alone with the Queen that day, and 
was expected, after the cheese, to prefer his suit. But 
when he sat down to table, he jumped up again with a 
wild cry, flinging his arms out and knocking down a 
massive footman who stood near. " Poor man, he evi- 
dently suffers much on my accoimt," said to herself 
Sappodilla. 

But the needles and pins suffered my lord to sit down 
and rest, until his soup was placed before him. Then 
as he bent over it, the scissors buried themselves in his 
periwig and snipped lock after lock of hair into his 
soup plate. The Queen had Tiev eiy^a oti\\^x Q,^\i.^<3Ki:^ 
and did not observe this, "but -wkenYifit ^^Xa^^^va ^^ssi^^*^-* 



148 Fairy Tales. 

my lord still was playing with his spoon. Something 
was the matter he felt, but no sign of his distraction 
must appear. Everything must go smoothly to-night. 
He would lite to go home at once, take off his periwig, 
and search himself for pins; but if he did, he never 
could hope to be King of Gossamer. So he made up his 
mind, und with audible gulps, — which the Queen flat- 
tered herself were hysterical, — swallowed the soup with 
all the hair in it. It was not much easier to eat a piece 
of fish, through which a whole skein of cotton had found 
opportunity to entangle itself. As the skein was un- 
divided, and would not be pulled away, it was necessary 
(in order to escape observation) that my lord should eat 
his bit of fish in one lump, when her Majesty happened 
to look another way. The effort to do this was boldly 
made, but it was unsuccessful. My lord managed to get 
all his bit of fish into his mouth at once, but then the 
threads hindered the swallowing. He turned black in 
the face, and three doctors had been sent for before he 
got it down. Nevertheless on such a momentous occa- 
sion, he did not choose to be invalided. Happen what 
might, he must fight through his dinner and secure the 
prize of a Queen's promise to be his wife before he slept 
that night. The next dish served was pickled pork and 
parsnips. He was not well, certainly, but surely he 
could eat a bit of that. And as the Queen condoled 
with him and he talked courteously to her, with a bit 
of parsnip on the end of his fork, the lump of wax out 
of the workbox saw his opportunity, seized the position 
on the fork, went into my lord's mouth, and when my 
Jord's teeth closed on him, never did wax hold so tight. 
Z/ord Hemp could not open Tiis Tnow\k aiiy -moTQ that 
evening to swallow or to speak, "becau^^ ^^ coviX.^ xv^\. 



Silver Tassels, 149 

draw his teeth out of the wax, and the Queen took him 
for a maniac with a piece of parsnip in his mouth. He 
was obliged to quit the half-finished dinner and forego 
the golden opportunity, that never came again ; for on 
the day following, Sappodilla heard what changed her 
mind. Lord Hemp was taken home in his great coach. 
The widow's woikbox was still on the seat, he opened 
it and found it empty, though siill heavy, for it was 
made of stout wood. When he dropped the lid, the box 
itself started up and flew at his face, so that when he 
got home his eyes were black and his nose was swollen 
with the thrashing it had given him. 

Lord Hemp having reached home, was taken to bed. 
The seal of v\ax then dropped out of his mouth, and he 
began storming frightfully. That was because h© was 
sewn up so firmly in his satin clothes, that all his ten 
valets could not pull them off. The seams refusing to 
be ripped, he had to be peeled out of his white and blue 
batin with a knife, in such a way that the whole suit 
was destroyed. Then all the pins and needles went to 
bed with him, and the scissors sat up all night to cut 
his bedclothes into strips. 

Jt is impossible in less than a day to tell all that 
Lord Hemp suffered from the enemies that the Kogue 
Fairy had raised up against him. But we may be soiTy 
that he was of a temper to get worse instead of wiser 
for his griefls. He felt that he was punished by some 
Fairy for his cruelty in caiTying away what was the 
slender prop of the poor widow's house. But he said, 
*' I will not be bullied, even by a Fairy. If I do not 
have my rent next week, let her look out ! I go myself, 
and I will bring away the silvex \as>fe^%r 

About these silver tasisels, i\ie> ^o^^ %^^% "*^'^^ 



150 Fairy Tales. 

worrying his brains. " I am sure," he said to himself, 
" T ought to remember something about them. Teasel 
worked on them, I know. If I could see Teasel ! If. 
But then there's that Parrot— Well, well, I will wait 
another week; and though I am a Eogue and Lord 
Hemp is another, this woman and girl are not to starve. 
I will go and scratch in their garden." 

" Mother," said Silver Tassels, when Neroli woke from 
the sleep into which she had wept and prayed herself, 
after losing all her means of livelihood, "There is a 
date-tree in our garden, — within the hedge! And it is 
full of fruit, too ! " 

The mother saw that this was tme, and feared lest 
some false friend, perhaps even the old soldier, had 
brought in the night one of the Lord Hemp's trees into 
her garden. But no, the tiee had brighter leaves and 
larger fruit, of a more golden colour, than any of those 
in the date-grove behind the house. The child ran 
gaily out and filled her apron. Dates! These were 
too delicious to be dates. 

Yet they had stones, as my Lord Hemp discovered, 
for he came, harder than ever, when another week was 
over, and because there was no money little Silver 
Tassels meekly put her girdle in his hand. As the 
great lord went away with it the tree caught his atten- 
tion. Ho looked up, and instantly every date spat 
down into his face a stone as hard as his own heart. 
" I should like," said his lordship, as he got into his 
coach, "I should like to get rid of this piece of pro- 
perty." 

But Splug, when the Lord Hemp was gone and had 

can-ied away with him the silver girdle, thought to 

himself, "J will risk that Parrot! It was all very well 



Silver Tassels, 151 

for an innocent child to have the tassels, but now — I 
am off:" 

. Flying half found the world to escape being again 
waylaid and engaged in conversation for the rest of his 
life, Splug travelled in half a day to the Court of the 
Cockatoos, and stood before Teasel as she was combing 
out the Queen Cockatoo's crest. 

" What, Splug ! " she cried, " and with a thimble on 
your head ! " * . 

" Never mind that. Answer me quickly. Did you 
not work once at a girdle with two silver tassels ? " 

The Queen Cockatoo gave a wild scream that brought 
King Cockatoo and half his army, to her rescue. He 
was holding a review. 

"The Silver Tassels, my own dear Splug," Teasel 
whispered; "have you found them? I can leave the 
Cockatoo to-morrow if you have." 

"I know where they are," Splug answered. "But 
before I tell you, tell me what they are." 

" They are the two ends of the power of the Cocka- 
toos. These birds were a grand people while that Fairy 
girdle was worn by their Queen, for it kept off a race of 
magicians that became their enemies. It was lost ages 
ago, and then the magicians had power to change their 
enemies to birds. My friend the Queen Cockatoo has 
lost three of her sons who have gone out into the world 
to seek the girdle, and I came to comfort my dear friend, 
perhaps to help her. Now, Splug, where is it ? " 

" In evil hands," said the Eogue, " from which the 
Cockatoos themselves must go and take it. I will be 
their guide, but save me, somebody, from being clutched 
on the way by that Parrot, who has already once had 
me by the button for a six months' talk." 



152 Fairy Tales. 

" Lead on ! " said the King Cockatoo. " My armies 
follow. Scaring the clouds with their wild war-scream, 
a flight of myriads of cockatoos swept over the realm of 
Gossamer, eclipsed the sun over the city of Feather- 
grass, and stormed the palace of Lord Hemp. Cocka- 
toos broke all his windows, cockatoos flew screeching in 
masses through his halls and chambers, screeching 
cockatoos seized him by the hair, arms, body, and legs 
with a thousand claws and beaks, while their king 
found the girdle with the silver tassels and straightway 
flew with it homeward. 

" What shall we do with the prisoner?" screeched all 
the coclcatoos. The King being gone, Splug took on 
himself to answer. *' CaiTy him to the PaiTot. Let the 
Parrot claw him by the button! Let the Parrot talk to 
him till he can talk no morel" So it was done, and 
the Parrot, who can talk for ever, still has my Lord 
Hemp by the button, somewhere in space, and is still 
talking to him about things that he cannot understand ; 
because for the last thousand years my lord's head has 
been spinning round and round, and he knows only 
that the Parrot's claw is fastened on his coat, and that 
the Parrot's beak wags up and down, pouring out end- 
less monotony of sounds, from which there is no hope 
of his escaping. 

But the Queen Cockatoo, who had been following the 
army, was met very near Feathergrass by her victorious 
lord, who had the girdle in his grasp. She put it on, 
and instantly she and the King, with all their host, 
came to ihe ground in their true shapes. He was the 
most splendid of Emperors and she of Empresses, head- 
mg a court and army of lords, ladies, and soldiers, so 
gorgeously dressed, that Queen Sapo^iWa, to v4\Lom ^L\v^^ 



Silver Tassels. 353 

went to pay their respects, saw the glory of her magni- 
ficently decorated courtiers pale before that of the rich 
strangers in scarlet, gold, and azure blue. The surface 
of the earth round about Neroli's cottage, when the host 
of the cockatoos gathered about her, blazed with more 
than the glory of the richest sunset in the sky. There 
was a tapping at the door, and the child lifted the latch 
to a beautiful boy wearing a silver crown. He stepped 
in, and was followed by a shining Emperor and Empress, 
very fine to see, and handsome people, though they had 
hooked noses, and looked yellower than usual round 
the eyes. The Empress wore the girdle with the silver 
tassels, which has since that day once more been lost, 
so that in our time the cockatoos are birds again. 

"Good mother Neroli," said the beautiful youth — 
and this was Splug himself, for Teasel's sake no longer 
a rogue. Slipping from behind the Empress in scarlet, 
yellow, and azure-blue, the Fairy Teasel put her little 
arm round the waist of her friend Splug, as he took 
from his head the silver crown, and said, " Dear mother 
Neroli, I have worn your silver thimble on my head 
till it has grown into a silver crown. Never ask now 
how I came by it. Wear it!" It. was on her head 
before she could answer, and in the same moment she 
was robed in pure silver fiom top to toe. 

" Ah, beautiful mother ! " then cried little Silver 
Tassels. 

" Not more beautiful than in her old worn clothes, 
my child ! Never more beautiful than when she gave 
that thimble to the rogue who tempted her." 

** Ah, mother, always beautiful ! " said the child, sob- 
bing happily upon her breast. 
*'For jour silver tassels, \iU\ft m^^^, ^o\\ ^^^^^^^^ 



154 Fairy Tales. 

all that can be given by the Emperor and Empress 
the Cockatoos. Teasel here and I give nothing, i 
are richer far than we. So, darling, we are beggars 
you for a wee bit of your heart. Be our own sister, { 
let us live with you in this house with our good mot 
Neroli, — ^in this house that can never again want br< 
for those in it, and for the poor who shall come to 
door, while there is power in the throne of Oberon, i 
while there remains the nation of the Cockatoos." 



a C5ti0tmasf Foice. 

Acts we can read, but actors are impelled 
By motives ill-revealed to mortal sight ; 

Foul deeds must be in foul abhorrence held, 
Man may do foully from a sense of right. 

Teach me, Lord, for ever to pursue 

The path which conscience may to me proclaim ; 
And while I labour to maintain the True, 

No right in censure feel ; no truth in blame. 

Whether a sunbeam, or a single mote 

Disturb the clearness of our upward gaze ; 

Enough, we gaze. Enough, our hearts devote 
To Thee all service, gratitude and praise. 

Enough, we knock ; Thy gates are open wide, — 
Enough, we ask ; Thy blessings are bestowed, — 
Enough, we come ; to none sbaW \)e deemed 
The livinff waters which for aW Yiave ^owe^. 




THE KING OF THE HEARTH. 



Thjs tale was told by a miner at a tap-room fire. 
" It was in the year One thousand, eight, four, four; by 
token it was the same year in which the block fell upon 
Mr. Timothy's leg, I was taking a abort turn among the 
coke ovens to get an appetite for m^j *^\v'na\.tftaA Sosbs^, 
Von are aware, gentlemen, ftiat \\6T©&\KWJ.\a "Ooa-tfe ««■«> "i 



156 Fairy Tales. 

great number of deserted pits. The entrances to these 
are mostly covered with a board or two. There aren't 
many stiles in our pit-country, so we are drove to using 
these for firewood. The old pit months being left un- 
covered, and sometimes hidden in brushwood, it is a 
very common thing for sheep to tumble in, and if gentle- 
men go shooting hereabouts, they may chance to return 
home without a dog. 

" I was thinking a good deal, and not minding where 
I walked, till, in the middle of my reflections —my 
natural Christmas thoughts, I felt a bump on the back ; 
likewise an odd freedom about my legs, followed up 
with a crash against the hinder part of my head, and I 
was at the bottom of a pit in no iime. I was not killed, 
as you see, but, of course, I was much stunned, and lay 
for a long time, I suppose. When I opened my eyes, 
there was nothing to be seen more than a faint glimmer 
from the daylight far above, and a great many dancing 
stars which seemed like a swarm of gnats, ready to 
settle on my body. I was thinking how I should find 
rescue, when an odd matter got my attention. I was, 
unless my ears deceived me, not alone ; for I heard, as 
distinctly as I now hear Mr. Drum's leg upon the fender, 
I heard a loud voice. It came from a distant gallery. 
' W ho did you say ? ' asked the voice in a hoarse tone ; 
a softer voice replied, ' Phil Spnice, I think.' * Very 
well,' answered the big sound ; ' I'll come to him 
directly.' 

"Here was a state of things. A gentleman lived 

here, and knew of my intrusion. Moreover, I myself 

I was known. Was the acquaintance mutual? Well, 

J, gentlemen, that question was soon to b^ Bfeltl^, for pre- 

Jjmtljr I beard a rustling and a cracVLVvci^ Tvo\^e,\\^^ >iN\^ 



The King of the Hearth. 157 

approacli of a lady in a very stiff silk dress. But that 
^nff voice ! — I trembled. As the sound came nearer, 

• 

a light gleamed over the dark, dirty walls, and glittered 
in the puddle upon which I was reposing. * He or she 
has brought a candle : that is wise.' So I looked round. 
Mother of Miracles ! He, she, or it. What do you 
think approached? A mass of cinder, glowing hot, 
shaped into head, body, arms, and legs ; black coal on 
the crown of its head, red glow on the cheeks, and all 
the rest white hot, with here and there a little eruption 
of black bubbles, spirting out lighted gas. It was the 
shape of a huge man, who walked up, with a most 
friendly expression in his face, evidently intending to 
give me a warm reception. 

"And so he did, as I will tell you presently. It 
needed not the aid of his natural qualities to throw me 
into a great and sudden heat; his supernatural appear- 
ance was enough for that. Then I was seized with a 
great fear lest, in his friendliness, he should expect me 
to shake hands. That was as if I should have thrust 
my fingers into this tap-room grate. Well, ma*am 
(your good health, Mrs. Pittis), the strange thing came 
up to me quite pleasant, with a beaming face, and said, 
in something of a voice like a hoarse blast-pipe, ' Glad 
to see you, Mr. Spruce. How did you come here?' 
' Oh sir,' said I, not liking to be behindhand in civility, 
' I only just dropped in.' * Cold up above, Mr. Spruce. 
Will you walk in and take a little something warm?' 
A little something warm! What's that? thought I. 
' Oh yes,' I said, * with all my heart, sir.' * Come along, 
then ; you seem stiff in the bones, Mr. Spruce, allow me 
to help you up.' *0h Lord I' I cii^d, fex^^^^idx^s^ ^srj 
manners. 'No, thank you, sir. Spixji^^ \a ^kjl^ Tis>ss^^> 



158 . Fairy Tales. 

and spruce my nature. I can get up quite nimble.' 
And so I did, with a leap ; although it made my joints 
ache, I can tell you. The Thing bowed, and seemed to 
be quite glowing double with delight to see me. Take 
a little something warm, I thought again. Oh, but I 
won't, though! However, I must not seem eager to 
get away just yet: the beast seems to think I came 
down on purpose to see him. 'After you, sir!' said J, 
bowing, and pulling my forelock ; * if you will be so 
good as to lead, I'll follow.' ' This way, then, Philip.' 

" So we went along a gallery, and came to a vault 
which was lighted by the bodies of a great number of 
imps, all made of brisk live coal, like my conductor. 
' I dare say you find the room close,' said the king — for 
I found afterwards he was a real king, though he was 
so famiiliar ; ' what will you take to drink ? ' I calcu- 
lated there was nolhing weaker than vitriol in his 
cellar, so I begged to be excused. ' It is not my habit, 
sir, id drink early mornings ; and indeed I must not let 
my wife wait dinner. We will have a little gossip, if 
you please, and then you will let one of your servants 
light me out, perhaps. I merely dropped in, as you are 
aware, my dear sir.' ' Quite aware of that, my dear 
Phil. And very glad 1 am to get your company. Of 
course you are anxious to be up above in good time ; 
and if you can stop here an hour, I shall be happy to 
accompany you.' Indeed, thought I to myself, Polly 
will stare. ' Most happy,' I replied. ' I fear you will 
take harm from that nasty puddle at my door,' observed 
the king. ' Wouldn't you wish to lie down, and rest a 
bit, before we start out together.' I thought that a safe 
wajr of getting through the time. ' You are very good,' 
^ald L ' Get a bed ready, Coffin au^ ^\\t^\' Two 



The King of the Hearth. 159 

bright little imps darted away, and the Thing, turning 
round to me with a sulphurous yawn, said, 'I don't 
mind, Phil, if I lie down with you.' Surely he's roast- 
ing me, I thought. 

" True as sorrow, Mr. Timothy, Coffin and Purse came 
back in no time to say the bed was ready ; and I fol- 
lowed the king with as good courage as a Smithfield 
martyr. But I did not, I did not expect what followed. 
We went into a small vault, of which half the floor was 
covered by a blazing fire : all the coals had been raked 
level, and that was Coffin and Purse's bed-making. 
* Well, I'll get in at once,' said the king ; * you see 
we've a nice light mattress.' ' Light, sir ! why it's in 
vivid blazes. You don't suppose I can lie down on 
that.' *Why not, Phil? You see I do. Here I am, 
snug and comfortable.' * Yes, my dear sir, but you for- 
get the difference there is between us ?' * And yes 
again, Mr. Spruce ; but please to remember this is 
Christmas Day : a day on which all differences should 
be ended." 

" 'And now,' said the monster, sitting up suddenly 
upon a comer of the bed, * and now, Phil, I will urge 
you to nothing. You are a reasoning man, and count 
for a philosopher. Let's argue a bit, Mr. Spruce.' ' I'm 
favourable to free discussion,' I replied; 'but I decide 
on principles of common sense.' ' Let common sense 
decide,' replied the king, crossing his knees, and looking 
conversational : ' The point at issue is, whether with 
your views it would be better for you to remain a man 
or to become a cinder. What were your thoughts this 
morning, Philip Spruce ?' ' This morning I was think- 
ing about human nature, sir.' ' And hovr di'^. ^Q>\ ^'^^■s^^ 
upon it, Philip?' 'Humbly askmg i^^ut^oxi, ««^ «^ 



160 Fairy Tales. 

meaning no offence, may I inquire whether in present 
company it is permitted to speak disrespectfully of the 
Devil?'" 

'* I wouldn't have said that, Phil, to a man of his 
appearance." 

" Lord bless you, Mr. Timothy,, he looked so mild 
disposed, and ' No offence,' he says ; * speak out without 
reserve.' ' Then, sir,' said I, ' this is what I think of 
human nature. I believe that it was full of every sort 
of goodness, and that men were naturally well disposed 
to one another, till the Devil got that great idea of his. 
Men are bom to worship their Creator, and to supply 
the wants of their neighbours ; but then comes in the 
deceiving fiery monster, with a pocketful of money, 
and says, quite disinterested, * Gentlemen and Ladies, 
it's of no use asking you to venerate me ; you don't do 
it, and you oughtn't to ; but the most convenient and 
proper thing is for every individual to worship only 
just his sel£ You see the result of this,' says the old 
sinner ; * by paying sacrifice to your own images, you 
just change things from the righthand pocket to the 
left, or if you go abroad, as you must do, in search of 
offerings, all the fish comes to your own net, and all the 
fat into your own belly. You smoke your own incense, 
and if you chance to be remiss in your devotions, you 
may make peace and atonement any way you please. 
Then, says the great brimstone beast-^I beg your pardon, 
sir, excuse my liberty of speech, — if anybody remark 
you are my servants, you can laugh, and tell them you 
are no such fools. As for any formulary of religion, 

follow in that the fashion of your countrj^ ' 

*'Tbe cinder gentleman, Mrs. Pitlia, m^ dear, rolled 
about in the £re, quite at his ease,aiid ^a\<i, 'Net^ ^^^^, 



The King of the Hearth 161 

Phil. And what else have you to say of human nature ? ' 
by which you will see that he had discrimination enough 
to perceive the value of my observations. ' The result 
is, sir/ I says to him then, * that the whole human race 
is a dancing and a trumpeting in comers, every man 
singing hymns in honour of his self. And the old 
enemy capers up and down the country and the town, 
rejoicing at the outcry which he hears from every lip 
in his honour. A friend is rarer than a phoenix ; for 
no man can serve two images, and each sticks firmly by 
his own.' 

" ' Have you no charity yourself, this Christmas, 
Mr. Spruce?' inquired the king, after he had called to 
his two imps that they should put fresh coals upon the 
bed, and rake it up. * When I was a young man, sir,' 
said I, * no one could have started in the world with a 
stronger faith in human goodness. But I've seen my 
error. All the ways of human natiire are humbug, sir ; 
as for my fellow- creatures, I've been very much deceived 
in 'em. That's all I know in answer to your question.' 

" 'I understand you, Phil,' the king said, lounging 

back upon the bed, and kindling the new coals into a 

blaze around him by the mere contact of his body : 

' You are a philosopher out at elbows, and therefore a 

little out of temper with the world. You would like 

best to make your observations upon human nature 

without being jostled. You'd rather see the play from 

a snug little box, than be an actor in it, kicked about 

and worried.' ' Ah, sir,' said I, * and where is such a 

seat provided?' 'Philip, I can answer that question,' 

said the king ; * and what is more, I can give you free 

admission to a snug private "box.' ''YLonr ^<^^^vt'^'' '^^^ 

/ quite eagerly. ' The coal-\)o:x., T\\V\: Ye^\^^ ^^^ "^^^^^ 

-a. 



162 Fairy Tales. 

' I'm puzzled, sir,' said I. ' In what way is my con- 
dition to be improved by the act of sitting in a coal- 
box?' *That, my dear Phil, I will make as clear to 
you as a fire on a frosty night. Know, then, that I am 
King among the Coals.' I bowed, and was upon the 
point of kissing his extended hand, but drew back my 
nose ' suddenly. ' The cinder which I now have on I 
wear — because it is large and easy — in the manner of a 
dressing gown, when here at home. I am, however, 
a spirit, and ruler over many other spirits similarly 
formed. Now, Phil, the business and amusement of 
myself and subjects is to transfer ourselves at will into 
the tenancy of any coal we please. The scuttles of the 
whole kingdom are our meeting-houses. Every coal 
cast upon the fire, Phil, is by our means animated with 
a living spirit. It is our amusement, then, to have a 
merry sport among ourselves ; and it is our privilege to 
watch the scenes exacted round the hearths which we 
enliven. When the cinder becomes cold, the spirit is 
again set free, and flies, whither it pleases, to a new 
abode.' " 

"Isn't that the doctrine of metamicosis?" asked a 
boy, who was a national scholar, tapping the ashes from 
his pipe-bowl. 

" It's a thing I never heerd on," said the gamekeeper. 
Mr. Spruce went on : — 

" ' Did you never,' continued his majesty, * when 
gazing into the fire, see a grotesque face glow before 
you ? That face, Phil, has been mine. You have then 
seen the King among the Coals. If you become a 
cinder, Mr. Spruce, you may consider yourself made a 
Jndge. ' 

* Well, sir/ says I, ' your TeveTeivc©,\\!ft ^t«\\^ \^c^- 



The King of the Hearth. 163 

site to judge whether I will or won't sit down upon the 
fire. It's my opinion, I won't. I'd like a little more 
discussion.' ' Talk away, Phil,' said the king. ' Well, 
sir,' says I, 'since you're always a-looking — ^leastways 
in winter — ^through the bars of grates, it's possible 
you've seen a bit yourself of human nature. Don't it 
fidget you ? ' ' Why, Phil,' says he, * a-stretching out 
his arms for a great yawn so suddenly as very nigh to 
set my coat on fire with his red fingers, ' I have been 
tolerably patient, haven't I ? ' * If it's sarcasm you 
mean,' says I, a little nettled, ' I must say it's a figure 
of speech I don't approve of.' 

" * I beg your pardon, sir,' he says, * and here's an 
answer to your question. It's my opinion, Mr. Spruce, 
that as a cinder you will be agreeably surprised. I do 
see people sitting around me, now and then, whom I 
can't altogether get my coals to blaze for cheerfully. 
They sit and talk disparagement about all manner of 
folks their neighbours ; they have a cupboard in their 
hearts for hoarding up the grievances they spend their 
lives in searching for ; they hate the world, and could 
cut scandal out of millstones, but if one hints that they 
are erring, they are up in arms and don't approve of 
parcasm.' *Sir,' said I, 'you are personal.' 'By no 
means, Mr. Spruce; you, and a number like you, are 
good people in the main, and deeply to be pitied for 
your foolish blunder. You're a philosopher, Phil,' he 
says, ' and did you never hear that your " I " is the only 
thing certainly existent, and that the worid without 
may be a mere shadow or mere part of you, or if ex- 
ternal, of no certain form or tint, having the colour of 
the medium through whicbi ^ou V\«7i \\. — ^wsx <3^ira. 
nature, ' Here I saw occasion ioT a ^vikfc. '' ^^^ ^ ^^'^'s*^ 



164 Fairy Tales. 

* if my own ** I " is the only thing certainly existing, 
then the external world is all my eye, which proves 
what I propounded.' His flames went dead all of a 
sudden, and he looked black from top to toe. ' I am 
snre I beg your pardon, sir,' says I, * excuse my liberty.' 

" He took no verbal notice of what I had said, but 
gave a tremendous shiver, and his flames began to play 
again. * I'm of a warm and cheerful turn of mind,' says 
he, * and I must say, that whenever I look out upon the 
men and women in the world, I see them warm and 
cheerful.' ' That's nothing wonderful,' said I ; ' it's just 
because you see them sitting round your blaze.' ' Well,' 
says ho, * Mr. Spruce, I'm very glad yon own so much ; 
for my opinion is, that if you had shone out cheerfully 
when you were in the world, and warmed the folks that 
came within your influence — if you had put a little 
kindly ghjw into your countenance, yon would have 
been surrounded as I generally am.' 'You're young,' 
says I, ' and you have had no experience ; leastwaj's, 
your experience have not been hnmau. You get stirred 
when you're low, and people tend you for their own 
sakes — you ain't preyed upon by disappointments.' 

" ' Young ! ' said he ; ' disappointments ! ' And to my 
horror, he stood bolt upiight, to be impressive. ' Look 
j-ou, Mr. Spruce, the youngest is the wisest ; the child 
remembers throughout years a happy day, and can for- 
get his tears as fast as they evaporate. He grows up, 
and his budding youth imagines love. Two or three 
fancies commonly precede his love. As each of these 
decays, he, in his inexperience, is eloquent about his 
blighted hopes, his dead first love, and so on. In the 
first blossom of his manhood, winds are keen to him ; at 
his first plunge into the stream of active life he finds 



(( 
(( 



The King of the Hearth. 165 

the water cold. Who shall condemn his shiver ? But 
if he is to be a healthy man, he will strike out right 
soon, and glow with cheerful exercise in buffeting the 
stream. Youth, Mr. Spruce, may be allowed to call the 
water of the world too cold, but so long only as its 
plunge is recent. It is a libel on maturity and age to 
say that we live longer to love less. Preyed upon by 
disappointments ' 

' Yes,' says I, ' preyed upon.' 

' Say, rather, blessed with trial. Who'd care to 
swim in a cork jacket I Trouble is a privilege, believe 
me, friend, to those who know from whose hand and 
for what purpose it is sent. I do not mean the trouble 
people cut out for themselves by curdling all the milk 
of kindness in their neighbours. But when a man will 
be a man, will labour with Truth, Charity, and Self- 
Kelianoe — always frank and open in his dealings — 
always giving credit to his neighbours for their good 
deeds, and humbly abstaining from a judgment of what 
looks like evil in their conduct, — when he knows, under 
God, no helper but his own brave heart and his own 
untiring hand — there is no disappointment in tepulse. 
He learns the lesson Heaven teaches him, his Faith and 
Hope and Charity by constant active efibrt become 
strong — gloriously strong — just as the blacksmith's right 
arm becomes mighty by the constant wielding of his 
hammer. Disappointment — let the coward pluck up 
courage — disappointment is a sheet-and-pumpkin phan- 
tom to the bold. Let him who has battled side by side 
with Trouble say whether it was not an angel sent to 
be his help. Find a true-hearted man whose energies 
have brought him safe through years of difficulty ; ask 
him whether he found the crowd to be base-natured 



166 Fairy Tales. 

through which he was called upon to force his wa.3' ? 
Believe me, he will tell you, No.' Having said this 
his majesty hroke out into a blaze, and laid down in his 
bed again. ' Well,' he said, * Philip, will you come to 
bed with me V 

" ' Why, sir,' said I, * to say the best of it, you're 
under a misconception; but if it's in the nature of a 
coal to take such cheerful views of things as you appear 
to do, I'd rather be a coal than what I am. It's cold 
work living in the flesh, such as I find it ; 3'ou seem 
jolly as a hot cinder, and for the matter of that, what 
am I now but dust and ashes ? Coke is preferable.' 

" ' Coffin and Purse, you're wanted,' cried the king. 
And indeed, Mrs. Pittis, and indeed, gentlemen, I must 
turn aside one minute to remark the singularity of this 
king's body-guard. Coffin and Purse. 'Cash and Mor- 
tality,' said the king to me, *make up, according to 
your theory, the aim and end of man. So with a couple 
of cinders you can twit him with his degradation. 
Sometimes Coffin, sometimes Purse, leaps out into his 
lap when he is cogitating.' * Yes,' said I, * that will be 
extremely humorous. But, so please your majestj", I 
still have one objection to joining your honourable body.* 
' What is that, Phil ? ' 'I suppose if I sit down in them 
there flames they'll bum me.' * To be sure,' said the 
king, kicking up his heels, and scraping a furnace load 
of live coals over his body, just as you might pull up 
the blanket when you're in bed to-night, Mrs. Pittis. 
^ Well, your highness,' said I, *how about the pain?' 
*Pah!' says the king, * wbere's your philosophy ? Did 
you never see a fly jump into a lamp-flame?' *YeB, 
6ure/ I answered., 'And what ha^^^iv^d then? A 
Moment's crackle, and an end o^ \t. ^o\xn^ i\ci \\Ki^\iCk 



The King of the Hearth. ] 67 

feel pain.' ' Well, then,' said T, ' if your majesty will 
make a hole for me as near the middle as is oouvenient 
to yourself, 1 will jump into the bed straightway,' 
The king made a great spatter among the coals, and in 
I jumped. You know, ma'am, that a great part of our 
bodies is composed of water." 

" I don't know that of any gentleman in this room," 
replied the landlady. " But I do believe that you are 
two parts built out of strong beer." 

" There was a burst, — a flash, gentlemen ; the liquid 
part of me went off in instantaneous steam. I cried 
out with a sharp burn in my foot. The pot was boil- 
ing over furiously that contained our bit of dinner ; 
and as I sat close in to the fire, I got considerably 
scalded. How I got back in the steam to my own fire- 
side, I never lightly comprehended. Fill the can now, 
Mrs. Pittis." 

** Yes," said the landlady, " but let me tell you, Mr. 
Spruce, that King of the Hearth's a gentleman, and if 
you really had gone with the coals and got acquainted 
with firesides, it wotdd have done you a great deal of 
good^ You'd have owned then that there is a mighty 
deal more love than hatred in the world. You'd have 
heard round almost any heaiih you chose to play eaves- 
dropper to, household woids anything but hard or 
bitter. Some people do not pay their scores with me, 
but on the whole I live. Some of our human natures 
may run termagant; but on the whole we men and 
women love. Among the worst are those who won't 
bear quietly their share of work, who can't learn self- 
reliance, but run to and fro squealing for help, and 
talking sentiment against their i\e\gJ;i\>o\3ix%,^\iSi ^<3^\» 
carrj' their burdens for them. Tla© "Daat<& eivxOa. iOC&s» «x^ 



168 Fairy Tales. 

helped, the more they are helpless ; the more they are 
pitied the more they will make themselves pitiable^ 
There's no eipell to these roses, quoth the skunk. \lfa 
all very well for a musty, discontented old bachelor, to 
say there's no love in the ■world, but it's a fiklsehood. 
I know better." 

" My pipe's out," said the boy. " Be smart there 
with the "baccy." 





THE TOAD'S "WIFE. 



RosFO was an ambitious nobleman, who had a jewel of a 
wife. What poetn feign that their loves have, she really 
had. Her eyes were diamonds, her teeth were pearls ; 
her hair was of the purest gold. She was a wife much 
valued by her husband. 

" Ah !" said he, one moraing, when he observed her 
biting bread at breaUaat. " What teeth, my treasure I 
A gift ut only one such pektxV w(ra\i i&a^ 'Cb.'s. ^kvA 



170 Fairy Tales. 

Sultana, who has iiile over the great Sultan himself, 
my servant Ah, me ! ah, me ! my fortune at court 
could be made with one of those lai^e double teeth that 
your cheek hides. And you bite bread with them." 

" I would give more than a tooth to sei v^ you," 
said the good wife ; and she really caused her largest 
double tooth to be drawn for him. It was a pearl for 
any queen. 

" You said you would give more than a tooth to serve 
me," Eospo whispered to his wife, a fortnight afterwards, 
when they walked in the woods together. " The Queen 
longs for another peail like that I gave her, because 
then she might have a pair of ear-drops beautiful enough 
to make the houris die of envy." And he had the other 
tooth. 

A week afterwards Rospo was "very sad. The mighty 
Vizier to the Sultan of the Dawn was dying, he ex- 
plained. Another man competed with himself in bribes 
to become the old Vizier's successor. He had spent all 
in vain, and was a ruined man, unless one other bag of 
gold could be obtained to give weight to his claim. 

" Be comforted," said the kind wife. " Look at this 
idle wealth of hair, on a head that is never seen by the 
world uncovered. Take it and win your pii^" Accord- 
ingly she had her head shaved to the stjalp, and gave 
him all her golden hair, for which he returned vows of 
everlasting love. 

** Vexatious accident ! " cried Eospo, rushing suddenly 

into his wife's chamber, three days afterwards. " The 

Sultan of the Dawn has changed his favourite. Another 

oi his wives now rules him. Yesterday it was all 

ZareiBy now it ia all Zeram ; and Zei^kxa \B^\xx\«av\& oj^inst 



The Toad' 8 Wife. 171 

me, because of the two great pearls given by ine to her 
rival." 

** Take my other grinders,'* said the wife. 

"Useless, alas! useless I" said the husband. "All 
the J)earls in your mouth, furious as she is, will barely 
suffice to turn her anger into friendship.'* 

" At least," said the kind lady, " you ma}'^ take them 
all and tr}\" 

" Glorious success, my precious one," said Rospo to 
hi« wife, next day. " Zeram is mad with delight at the 
pearl bracelet I have given her. The Vizier cannot live 
another hour. The Sultan is now on his way to consult 
with him for the last time, and hear his last wishes. 
That miserly wretch, even in his last hour, is greedy 
for a bribe. My rival has just left his door. I know 
that I have but to ask for one of those great diamond 
eyes of yours, and have it in time to make sure of the 
creature's good word against whatever gift another can 
have offered him." So Eospo rushed away again, with 
one of his wife's eyes in his hand, and in the evening 
went back with exultation, crying out, t' Better and 
better ! It needs only the other diamond to make me 
Vizier. The old man is dead, and spoke for me. But 
when the Sultan saw upon the coverlet the diamond I 
had just given, he said that no man should be the Vizier 
but he who would present his Ruler with another dia- 
mond as glorious as that." 

'* But," said the wife, *' I atn now bald, toothless, and 
one-eyed. Will you bear with me and guide me when 
I am left altogether blind?" 

** An Eastern wife," said Rospo, angrily, " is never 
seen of men, arid has nothi^ig to s^e ^xce^\.V<eit\iKv.^^5wxv^' 



172 Fairy Take. 

You know well wliat I am like. Think that after 
all I have done, and all the trouble I have had, and 
wealth I have risked, without that other diamond I shall 
be ruined." 

So the good wife was left sitting in darkness, and her 
husband, become Vizier to the Sultan of the Dawn, 
returned to her no more. Why should he ? How could 
she help him when she could not help herself? 

But Oberon and Titania were then travelling across 
the country of the Dawn. So they went one of them to 
Eospo, and the other one to his deserted wife. 

The Sultan did not see the King of the Fairies, but it 
was odd that he did not see any more his own Vizier, 
who had been flattering him but a minute ago. And 
there was a large toad hopping to the door. It seemed 
to have come from underneath the throne. 

Oberon, leading the Toad by a magic string, met on 
his way Titania, who advanced towards him lovingly, 
with her arm on the neck of the most radiant of fairies. 
It was a Fairy witli eyes of the starlight, hair of plaited 
sunbeams, and teeth through which she could lisp a 
magic language. 

" I take this good wife for my friend," Titania said. 

" And I have brought that fellow Eospo to the dust," 
said Oberon. " See, here he is, and for his punishment he 
bears a jewel in his head. The Sultan has not missed 
it from its casket yet, and when he does he will not 
know that the Toad's head is its casket now. The Toad's 
head shall be heavy with it ; he shall never be without 
a headache until Oberon is dead. Come with us, beau- 
t/fal new fairy." 
**Nay, " said the fairy wife. " Smee >i)afe To^ is my 



The Toad's Wife. 173 

husband, I shall make my couch with him and cherish 
him." She did so ; and because of her there is not a 
more humbled and harmless, or a more home-keeping 
creature upon earth than the Toad, who was once so 
eager to go out and be a Vizier. His headache is still 
constant ; one has only to look at him and see that. Of 
the precious jewel in his head we have all heard. As for 
the Toad's Wife, in the homes of generous and patient 
women she has, in our own time, now and then been 
seen. 



ROBIN AND RICHARD. 



EoBiN and Eichard went up a hill one night to look for 
witches, and as they came down again found, tied to a 
tree, an old black nag, who had cropped all the grass 
within his tether, and was straining his neck to get at 
another blade or two. 

" Poor devil," said Richard. " May your master get a 
bag and bottle that he cannot fill ! " 

Robin said nothing, but threw large handfuls of grass 
within reach of the horse, who only said, " Ho ! ho ! " 
and turning ihii loose grass up with his nose, disclosed 
a leathern water-bottle and a meal-bag lying imder it. 
" Master Richard," he said, *'have what you wish your- 
self, for J am yours ! But I am Master Robin's too, and 
he shall ride me." 

Richard took what was offered him ; Robi\JL\s5^<b'^'<ksfc 
nag; and as tbey went home lliey Tek"&^N^^ \ft ^^*^ ^""^ 



174 . Fairy Tales. 

next morning on their travels. But they went to bed 
at dawn. So, as every nnree knows, they lay abed imtil 
the Sim was very high, when Hobin said to Richard v^- 

" You go before with your bottle auA bag. 
And I'll come after on my black nag." 

liobin, when he came up to Eicbard, found him with 
a miller, of whom he had bought as much meal as would 
fill his bag. All the contents of the mill were poured 
into it, and still the hag was empty. Thereupon, 
Bichard said that the miller wan still in his debt, and 
held liis bottle until all the millatream had run into it, 
and had not fillt^d it. But Robin, when the bread and 
water were all gone, as the debt still was unpaid, took 
up the miller himself on his nag, and trotted oS with 
him. These brothers did much of this kind of busi- 
ness, married scolds, and had bad attorneys fur their 
children. 





A BOY'S ADVENTURES. 



I HAD been reading Albeit Pugby, or a Boy's Adventures 
in the Wilds of Africa. The Steppes, or Peterkin in 
Asia. John Jones, or a Boy's Adventures in the Forests 
of America. The Australian Crusoe, or Little Billy in 
the Bush. Tom Frost, or a Baby's residence upon the 
Top of Dhawalagiii, &c., &c., &c., &o., &c. Bold boys 
and girls, goody boys and girls, soUcito'o.a ■sfi».iaKiB» -soSi. 
k exphnatory papas, wtosa te^S-a \ -g^s^v^^ "« 



176 Fairy Tales. 

knock against the comer of the mantelpiece, sat like 
one mass of nightmare on my stomach, and disturbed 
my nap after a New Year's dinner. Of the Seven 
Champions of Christendom, it is great wonder to me 
that the story has not been re-cast after the fashion of 
the time, which should present them as Master George, 
and Master Patrick, and five other little Masters, witji a 
Master Arthur to play round games at his table, who 
should have a mamma to refer to upon all occasions, and 
a papa to tell him that " It has been supposed by some 
that St. Paid, the great Apostle of the Gentiles, might 
have visited Britain, and I am sure it will be interesting 
to you, my dear Arthur, if I state the groimds upon 
which a supposition of this .nature may be regarded as 
extremely probable." Arthur duly responding, " 0, yes, 
do, papa ! " Enough. My dinner was spoilt in my 
stomach, and I read indignantly a Nightmare Tale for 
Boys, under the handkerchief which hides my face when 
I have dined. A streak of pantomime seems to have 
coloured it, for I had been taking our young people to 
sundry Christmas entertainments. Out of a square 
book, then, with a scarlet cover, upon which were golden 
pictures of strange monsters, I seemed in my dream to 
be reading something like what follows : — 

Franklin Bruce was a bad boy. Everybody liked^him, 
but his Aunt Grumbletub said he was a bad boy, and 
as he lived with her, and as she was his only known 
relation, she was likely to be well informed about him. 
Out of her house he was so good-tempered and brave 
that everybody loved him. Aunt Grumbletub had a 
turned-up nose — a very much tumed-up nose — so much 
so. Indeed, that it presented a front view of the nostrila 
J^t was an aggravating nose, too •, ioT \\ifc c\^\a.^y ^ «^<^ 



A Boy^s Adventures. 177 

tacles refused to rest on any part of it except the extreme 
point. Mrs. Gnimbletub invariably placed tbem on 
tbe rigbt part of ber nose, and tbey as invariably slid 
down tbe curved slope until tbey were brougbt up by tbe 
little billock at tbe end. Tbere tbey condescended to 
repose in peace. 

" Have you learnt your Latin verb, Franklin, and 
done your sum ? " asked tbis lady of tbe rosy boy, wbose 
fair/bair and bronzed complexion bespoke bis feimiliarity 
witb out-door sports. 

" Tbe rule of tbree does puzzle me," replied tbe boy 
witb a smile, and in a tone tbat betrayed tbe presence 
of some foreign body in bis moutb. 

" Take tbat nasty tbing out of your moutb, wbat- 
ever it is," ejaculated Mrs. Grumbletub, ber dark eyes 
flasbing fire. 

" Nay, aunt," responded tbe boy, " I did but suck my 
alley." 

" Obev me, torment ! " reiterated tbe aunt. 

" You are my Mentor," replied tbe boy, ** and I obey." • 

" Alley to Jericbo !" exclaimed tbe infuriated woman, 
casting tbe devoted marble tbrougb tbe open window. 
" O tbat I could but send you after it !" 

** I go," said tbe boy, and spitting on bis slate, be 
wiped from it witb bis sleeve tbe unfinisbed rule-of- 
tbree sum, and witbout stopping to put on bis cap, went 
out at bis aunt's door witb tbe design of travelling to 
Jericbo". 

As be walked rapidly down tbe village, Franklin ob- 
served a man witb sbaggy bair, two wooden legs, one 
eye, one arm, and an ancbor tattooed on bis cbeek, wbo 
was waltzing witb a monkey on tbe green before tbe 
village inn. Curiosity iaduceOL l[iim \» ^^\3L?ftk wA ^^ 



178 Fairy Tales. 

serve this singular pair, and with the thoughtless gene- 
rosity of youth he expressed his pleasure at the enter- 
tainment thus afforded him by putting into the man's 
hat, when the monkey brought it round among the 
* bystanders, a new sixpence, which was all the money he 
had in the world. 

" Good-morrow, noble sir," said the sailor, for such 
apparently he was, when he had oveitaken the boy in a 
green lane at a distance of some miles from the village 
of Dash, in which his aunt resided. " We seem to be 
travelling, your honour, in the same direction, and we 
shall have the moon presently to light us. You sail 
late out of port, my hearty. Whither bound?" 

" Across the seas," answered the boy. " My aunt 
sends me to Jericho, and I intend to journey thither. 
You seem to be a sailor. Do you know anything about 
the place?" 

" Know it, my hearty ? Do T know a marlinspike ? 
Many*s the yarn I have heard in the bay of Jericho. 
Why, man, I bought this monkey from the natives 
there, and a fine bout of fisticuffs I had with a shark 
that was chasing it, when, by ill-luck, one day it fell 
over the maintop gunwale cross-tree booms into the 
sea." 

"Indeed, sir!" said Franklin. "Would you mind 
telling me that story?" 

" Better than tell it, I will. See here, my man ; this 
white road's the water, there's poor Jocko in the water, 
you're the shark after him, this bank's the deck of the 
Saucy Sally, and them trees is Jericho Castle, close 
alongside of which we are moored. Now, I am up the 
bank, you see ; on deck, you know. Sharks to starboard ! 
Look out to larboard! Down Vit\i W\^ l^^ ^cu^l^ers! 



A Boys Adventures. 179 

One, two, three I Down I come on you, Master Shark, 
and down you are—" 

" Oh, but you hurt me, sir ! " 

*' It*8 over in a minute. Down goes the shark, you 
see ; and I not only turn him over, but I take him by 
the neck, and before T leave him, your honour — just 
peimit me — I strip off his very skin." 

When the sailor had begun to pull off Franklin's 
jacket, the boy saw his intention. 

" Good ! " he cried. " And did you skin the very toes 
of the shark ? " 

" Ha ! that did T," said the man ; and, kneeling down 
before the boy, he proceeded to unlace his new Balmoral 
boots, but was delayed, as Franklin knew that he would 
be, by the hard knot into which one of the laces had 
been tied. In the meantime young Bruce, without 
discovering fear or suspicion, made a grotesque resist- 
ance, and rolled on the ground as if he were the shark 
still fighting for his prey. The boots were off. 

" Now for the waistcoat," said the sailor. 

" No," answered Franklin Bruce ; " with your leave, 
now I shall put on my clothes again ;" and snatching 
up his boots and his jacket, he retired some steps from 
the still kneeling plunderer, who jumped up to pursue, 
and at once fell flat upon his face ; for Franklin had, 
during the mock struggle, contrived with his pocket-knife 
to cut two inches from one of the man's wooden legs, and 
seven inches from the other, as they lay on the ground 
behind him, when he knelt to work at the bootlaces. 

"You have sixpence of mine," said the boy, "I give 
it you in payment for your hat ;" so, putting the thiefs 
nautical hat on his own head, and tying it by a string to 
his button-hole, Franklin resumed Tdl\s pxvrsie^ . 



180 Fairy Tales. 

The moon was just peeping over the trees as the boy 
marched onward, having left the villain and his monkey 
far behind, when suddenly he heard a rushing noise 
and a wild cry ; and in the next instant an open post- 
chaise, dashing in round a corner, crossed the road, and 
was plunged by an infuriated horse towards the brink of 
an adjacent horrible abyss. The chaise contained a 
gentleman and lady, with their goveniess, their maid, 
and their six children. Franklin Bruce saw only the 
face of a lovely girl, who had blossomed through ten 
summers, as she stood up, crying wildly, " Wo, wo ! '* to 
the horses. Never before had he seen such woe as was 
depicted in her face ; never before had a vision of such 
beauty crossed his path. At a glance he saw that the 
horses were those of the Bugle, in the neighbouring 
post-town, and that one of them was the vicious Bruiser, 
whom the ostler had so often suffered him to ride. The 
love of that horse for the merry boy had been the wonder 
of the inn-yard; and now, even in his hurry, at the 
sound of a cheery " Woa-ho " from Franklin, the horse 
turned as to a dear friend whom it would be rude to 
pass in the public road without a recognition. The first 
pause was enough ; Franklin at once walked round the 
animal, soothing and patting him. The peril was 
averted ; the horse's head was turned by its driver from 
the abyss, over the brink of which it almost hung. And 
when the chaise had been turned quietly back to the 
high road, the gentleman said, " Eeceive, my boy, the 
blessing of a grateful, father, and accept some token, 
however inadequate, of my approval of your conduct. 
Oblige me by resuming your seat, my dear child, Louisa 
Jane." The blue eyed fairy who had first caught 
Franklin's attention, and who now leaned forward to 



A Boy's Adventures. 181 

speak with him, sat down in decorous silence at the 
wish of her papa ; but when Franklin had received the 
fourpenny piece, with which he was rewarded, after a 
vain search for sixpence among the elders in the chaise 
— for the father of the house unfortunately had by him 
no coin smaller than a shilling — Louisa Jane darted a 
kind and meaning glance at her preserver, as she dropped 
her little thimble over the chaise door. 

The chaise rolled away, and with a new sentiment at 
his heart, Franklin resumed his journey. He slept that 
night under a haystack, and in the morning breakfasted 
upon a portion of the fourpence. Soon afterwards he 
went on board the Arrow, which was a fine large ship, 
and set sail for the islands of the Pacific Ocean. 

He had been picked up by the first mate, who, being 
in want of a shipboy, told him that Jericho was an 
island in the midst of the Pacific Ocean, and that he 
should be quite sure to go there if he sailed with him. 
An English family was on board, but he* saw none of the 
members of it for some days, a^ they remained behind 
the partition that had been made in the main cabin for 
their private accommodation. He was told that the 
passengers were a Mr. Kobinson and his family, from 
Paternoster Eow, who were going out to establish for 
themselves an Owhyhee Family Eobinson. Being much 
ridiculed about the misfit of the sailor's hat which he 
had taken from the rufiian in the lane, and as it con- 
stantly was blown by the wind as far away from his 
head as the string would suffer it to go, so that he never 
actually wore it, Master Bruce resolved to gather it in 
with a piece of twine. Pulling aside the lining for 
that purpose, he found a pad of soft paper, such as often 
is placed under their linings "by -^et^oxv^ ^V<5k \issM^ 



182 Fairy Tales. 

purchased hats that are too large for them. This he 
threw aside ; but having ended his task, and tried oil 
the amended hat, he found that the pad, with a little 
re-arrangement of ite shape, would stiU improve the 
fit ; and therefore, taking it up again, he began to 
unfold it. Then he found, to his surprise, that it con- 
sisted wholly of bank-notes, every note being for the 
same sum of one thousand pounds, and there were just 
a hundred of them. This was a discovery which gave 
him some uneasiness ; for, being at sea, it was not in 
his power to give information to the police of the con- 
siderable amount of stolen property which he had thus 
recovered, neither did he feel that it was safe to confide 
in the rude seamen who surrounded him. Determining, 
therefore, to tell his story to the British Consul in the 
first port touched at by his vessel, Franklin replaced 
the notes in their original position, taking good care to 
see to the knots of the string that tied his valuable 
hat to his jacket. He had observed that the notes were 
all indorsed *' I. Pilkins, Oct. 1, 18 — ;" that, he was sure, 
was clue enough to the discovery of their right owner. 

This troublesome business being so far settled, it was 
with a rapture which I leave my reader to imagine, that 
the young sailor, turning from his work, saw at thd 
bulk-heads a sylph-like form, the form of the fair-haired 
Louisa Jane, who 'was holding her doll's eyes over the 
water, in order that she might see the porpoises. The 
two children recognised each other, and were friends 
directly. While they were still in full chat, Louisa's 
shoulder was tapped by her father, Mr. Bosh Kobinson^ 
who had come up with the rest of the family, and whose 
approach the two young people had been too busy with 
each other to observe. 



A Boy's Adventures, 18^ 

" I approve of this, my dear Louisa," said Mr. Eobin- 
son ; ** never, my dear child, be ashamed of a kind word 
spoken even to the viilgarest of little boys ; we are all 
equal ; this dirty person is your equal, my child. Your 
good mamma has learnt that there is no piano carried 
in our vessel ; you must for a time, therefore, suspend 
your practising ; but Miss Inkpen will be happy to 
speak French with you till dinner-time. Go to her, my 
dear." 

** Dear papa," said Louisa, ** this is the little boy who 
stopped that horse for us." 

" Indeed so ! I recognise him now. Acquaint me 
with your name and business, boy?" 

" Franklin Bruce ; going to Jericho." 

" Jericho, poor youth ! Can it be that you are igno- 
rant of the geography of the plain of the Jordan. My 
son, Walter, who is eight years old, and you are — " 

" Twelve, sir." 

" Twelve, sir, — can possibly inform you. Walter, do 
you remember, and can you describe to this boy, the 
position of Jericho in the plain of the Jordan?" 

" I remember it well, papa," replied Walter. For the 
last thirty miles of the liver's course, including the tract 
in the vicinity of the ancient Jericho, the plain has a 
more than usually barren and desolate aspect. Near 
Jericho (now represented by some ruins not far from 
the small village of Eiha) the formation of the ground 
becomes less regular ; the western mountains, in one or 
two places, jut out considembly into the Ghor ; the cliflFs 
less exactly mark the bounds of the lower' plain ; and 
the descent from the higher ground towards the bathing- 
place of the pilgrims (nearly abreast of Jericho) is marked 
by a number of rounded saud-hiV\& A.W^<!^'^^^'^*^'i?'^'^=^ 



184 Fairy Tales. 

stunted trees and slirubs marks the site of what is stip- 
posed to be the ancient Jericho ; and here and there are 
to be seen the remains of some considerable buildings, 
with fragments of an aqueduct at the foot of the hills, 
to the north-west of the modem -village." 

** Yery good," said Mr. Eobinson ; " as the reward of 
merit, you may go down and ask Miss Inkpen for a sum 
in fractions." 

Mr. Eobinson was an elderly man, with white hair 
gathered into a top-knot over his forehead, and a white 
projecting beard ; he wore large spectacles, stooped much, 
and walked with a stick. The cut of his clothes was 
peculiar; they were of bright colours, and he had a 
little cloak with a hood to it, which especially attracted 
Franklin's notice. As Walter went down with Louisa 
to Miss Inkpen, the baby, who was in the maid's arms, 
noticing a bright moon in the sky, began to crow and 
cry, '' La lune ! la lune ! " for it had been taught a few 
"w ords of the French language. 

" What notice the child takes ! " said Mrs. Eobinson. 

" It does, indeed,*' said papa, removing it from the 
nurse's arms, and placing it upon his lap. " You admire, 
baby," he said, " the brightness of the moon ; but it is 
time that you should be made aware, my poppet, that 
the moon is intrinsically a dark body, without inherent 
light of its own. It depends upon sunshine for the 
light it gives ; and the varying appearances, or phases, 
of the moon depend upon diiFerent proportions of the 
illuminated disc of the opaque ball being presented tc 
sight from the earth at different times." 

Never can I tell in detail to a confiding public all 

that I read in the nightmare book. A frightful storm 

arose, and Mr. Eobinson discowx^^^ Q\i ^^ ^^txsstcksswi 



A Boy's Adventures. 185 

of storms in the midst of a shipwreck. Franklin's hat 
was blown from its moorings at his button-hole, in a 
tremendous hunicane, and lost at sea. All hands were 
lost except the entire family of Mr. Eobinson, with 
Franklin Bruce, and an old sailor, who were thrown on 
a wild, tropical island, inhabited by a strange race . of 
savages, called the Ka Lowns. 

This people painted its face white, tattooed over with 
large, angular spots of red, and streaked itself with red 
about the mouth. It wore loose parti-coloured linen 
garments, and was constantly ^.t war with the tribe of 
the Ar Leekins in the mountains higher up, chiefly 
upon the subject of intermarriage with the Coo Lum- 
bins, a race of half-naked women, also dwelling in that 
same island of Eootetootte. There were brilliant 
bowers, birds of gay plumage, sea and land monsters of 
hideous form inhabiting the island, upon the shore of 
which our adventurers planted themselves with only an 
old box to live in. They had scarcely fixed their camp 
when one of the natives rushed towards them, mouthing, 
and uttering the cry, ** Erawearagain howchadoo," with 
which they always make their entrance into battle. Mr. . 
Kobinson taught much to the children, and the handiness 
of the young Franklin, who had been engaged as a page 
by Mrs. Kobinson, won for him the goodwill of the 
household, or rather boxhold, and the admiration oi 
Louisa. 

But a cloud was upon that youth's soul, which all the 
wonderful productions of the island, daily explained to 
him so carefully, and all the wild adventures in the 
bushes, could not melt away. A chance mention by 
dear Mr. Robinson of the name of I, Pilkins, in con- 
nection with an aJlusion to Wa oyra ioxiafcx ^Tojs^^er^:^ ^ 



186 Fairy Tales. 

and to the reverse which, by enforcing on him a prudent 
economy, had disqualified him from presenting, on a 
certain memorable occasion, more than fourpence to his 
deliverer, led to the disclosure that I. Pilkins had been 
agent for the sale of great estates in Boothia Felix, owned 
by. Mr. Kobinson, and that the money yielded by them, 
many hundreds of thousands of pounds in bank-notes, 
fonvarded October the first, eighteen hundred and — , 
had been robbed from the messenger, whose body was 
found in a well. And Franklin having found and lost 
this treasure, carried about a secret. For ho dared not 
risk the anger of the father of Louisa. 

One daj'' as he walked sadly in the woods skirting the 
sea-shore, a bird's nest, singular in form, attracted his 
attention. He climbed the stem and saw, to his delight, 
the sailor's hat which had been blown to land by the 
same hurricane that drove them also upon the island, • 
which had been caught in the trees, and in which a pair 
of parrots had since made their nest. It was found to 
contain notes for one hundred thousand pounds. Then 
he told his story. 

" Delightful are this parrot's notes," said Mr. Robinson, 
moved for the first time and last time in his life to make 
an approach to a small pleasantry. Then patting Franklin 
on the head, he said, " Good boy, it is my duty surely 
to reward you hundred-fold. You gave for this hat six- 
pence, and although usurious interest is commonly to be 
regarded as unholy, I believe that I am justified in 
returning to you your money with interest, at the rate 
of one hundred per cent. Accept this shilling." 
' Louisa was now heir to immense wealth, and Franklin 
was but a poor page ; but the two children got lost in 
the wood one day, and were seizeSi'^Dy ^i\i^ kt Yl^^wv^, ^ 



A Boy's Adventures. 187 

race of people tattooed in bright colonra and at war 
with the Ea Lowne. Theae wild creatnrea carried the 
little boy and girl into a cave of diamonds, which was 
the palace and the property of their chief, who seeing 
that Franklin had a corn on each of his little toes, knew 
him fo be his son. This was indeed Franklin's long-lost 
papa, who had been oast on the same island many years 
before, was given up for dead in England, but in Koott«- 
toole had accepted the tattoo of the Ar Leekins, and had 
by his agility become their chief. He would not leave 
bis new home, where he was married to a lovely wife 
from among the Coo Lumbtns, but he gave to his son 
one hundred thousand sacks of diamonds, which there is 
reason to suppose made him, in due time, an eligible 
husband for Louisa Jane, the eldest daughter of the 
great Bosh Bobinson, Esquire. 




188 Fairy Tales. 



NECK AND NECK. 



A HOiiSE meeting a camel reared and snorted. ** I can- 
not see how I offend yon," said the camel. But the 
horse, without answering, ran to his friends. 

" That fellow, the camel," he said, ** cannot see how 
he offends me! Odious beast, that with a hunap like 
that upon his back, carries his head so high I " 

*' The giraffe is worse," said a quick-eared old racer, 
called Maestro. " Disgraced all over with black spots, 
he yet catries his head higher than any creature living.'* 

" Then," said a foal, " there is the pig, who eats dirt, 
and says that his grunt will scare an elephant." 

" That," said the racer, " is false. But I certainly 
have carried a two-legged pig who thought as highly of 
himself. There are men also with frightful humps who 
hide them behind high necks like the camel; and the 
men who have the tallest necks are the most covered 
with spots." 

" But, after all," neighed a good-tempered cart-horse, 
" the camel is as he was made." 

" So is the spotted beast," neighed an old mare. *' So 
is the hog," neighed another. '• So is man," neighed the 
foal. 

" In that pleasant chorus," said Maestro, " there was 
one false note, I think. Keigh it again, and let the foal 
keep silence." 




THE BAG OF MINUTES. 



CHAPTER I. 



OscK upon a time tliere was a youth, named Trigonel, 
who was a grief to his mother, because he had never in 
his life eaten hot meat. Ae an infant in arnvs, \w>t 'mM»!» 
was not bia food, and when he coxili ■uaft'\ivft\e.i^Va'«* 



190 Fairy Tales, 

abroad at work or at play, so busy or so idle, that he 
never came to dinner till his meat was cold. 

Dame Peaflower, TrigoneVs mother, was a proud and 
particular woman. It was her noon of glory to set a 
hot dish in the middle of her table at the very moment 
when the sun — that hot dish on which all the flowers 
feast — stood in the middle of the day. For the sun to 
stand still at noon would not have been more unnatiu'al 
than for the potatoes in the pot of Mistress Peaflower to 
need another minute's boiling when the clock struck 
twelve. Keeping hot is over-cooking. " Better," she 
said, " let meat be cold than overcooked." Papilion, 
her husband, was of the same mind ; and little Vetch, 
her only daughter, being helpful to the mother in the 
house, and being indeed the person who peeled the 
potatoes, always was on the spot when she ought to be 
eating. But of her one son, Trigonel, it was the single 
fault that he was always behind time \p. coming to his 
dinner. 

Yet this Trigonel was a brave, stalwart lad ; able, in 
hour of need, to bear the whole weight of the house 
upon his shoulders. Father Papilion, who was a wood- 
cutter, chopped his foot one day with a false stroke of 
the axe. He was then confined to his house for many 
weeks ; not while he got well, hut while his wound got 
worse and worse, until at last his life was nearly at an 
end. Trigonel worked with the strength of two men in 
the forest. In many hours of the night he was his 
father's watchful nurse. He found odd moments, too, 
in which he could make mirth and sing, with a voice 
cracking into manly roughness, delicate songs for his 
small sister Vetch, whose joy of childhood was not to be 
quenched because there was a ^ay ol ^ott^n^ <3vi\\».^w3 



The Bag of Minutes. 191 

to her. The young man was true, in short, to every- 
thing but his dinner. 

Happy are they who in youth have some acquaint- 
anceship among the Fairies of the Hours. Aster, the 
noon fairy, was Trigonel's good friend. She had come 
to him in his childhood, when he rolled on his back 
among the cowslips of the meadow. Then she appeared, 
and always, like the sheen of a maiden in gold armour, 
with long locks of golden hair. A plume like a flash of 
light waved over the diamond helmet beneath which 
glanced her blue eyes, more radiant than all. To other 
sight than that of Tn'gonel she was a ray, and nothing 
more. At mid-day, Papilion and Pea flower gave their 
minds to their meat ; so that they did not see, as they 
must have seen, had they but dined at half-past twelve 
o'clock, the sunshine that at noon, even when all the 
upper air was thick with fog and sleet, would glitter 
daily for a little while about their boy. He had told 
his parents often and openly enough that he stayed from 
his dinner to talk with the noon fairy, but they only 
grieved that he should joke upon so serious a matter as 
the being late at meals. 

Trigonel stood under a green oak in the autumn wood, 
leaning against the mighty heap of fagot bundles that 
he had prepared since sunrise. The light of his fairy 
shone on his brown face and dingy clothes, and made 
the fagots glow as if they were ablaze. Grasshoppers 
chirped in the light, butterflies fluttered through it, and 
the cups of the golden acorns overhead gleamed like cut 
jewels. Aster sat at the youth's feet, with her helmet 
off. She held between her fondling palms the hand 
from which the axe had &llen, and was dazzling hna b^ 
looking up into his face. 



192 Fairy Tales. 

" Farewell," she said. " You are a man. Work 
henceforth by yourself. Each of my days, remember, 
is but for an hour, and yet you will be giving life to me 
all the hours through while you are brave and open as 
the noon." 

Trigonel laughed. ** Am I to add twenty-three hours 
to the one that is your life ? It is but fair, then, that 
you should beg me also a spare minute of your father. 
You have told me that he is a great magician, owner of 
the sand-heaps by the border of the endless sea, where 
each grain of the sand is a minute, and each drop of the 
flood an everlasting age. Surely the old man would 
not deny his daughter one spadeful of sand. You know 
that you want to give it as a keepsake to your friend." 

'* Ah, me ! " sighed Aster. " But you ask that as a 
keepsake which may cause you to forget me. Wear in 
your cap, my better gift, this crystal; it will be a star 
to me while you are true ; and take care not to wear it 
in the sun if ever you and honesty be parted. For the 
other gift, say nothing ! My father, who flies by unseen, 
grants you your wish." 

Aster slid back into the sun. The incredulous youth, 
with a cheery laugh, looked upward, shaking his black 
hair at her, and waving with both hands his farewell as 
she flashed from sight. Then, being left alone, he turned 
his face towards his dinner. 

There was a narrow belt of moor between the forest 
in which Trigonel cut wood and his father's cottage. 
The sun was hot on the dry turf, and there was a drop- 
ping fire anjong the pods of the whin-blossoms that were 
scattering their seeds with the pop of a fairy cannonade. 
Suddenly, the air was chill, the wind screamed through 
the forest, and the forest itseli was iiol \,o\>^ %^^\i, ^n^x- 



The Bag of Minutes, 193. 

bead shone the sun, there was blue day over the cottage 
roof, beyond was a far prospect over field, and copse, 
and stream. But Trigonel looked back upon the blank 
of night, through which the wind rushed wailing and 
sobbing. Mightier than the wind was presently a sound 
as of the stroke of hugest wings by which the air had 
been thus beaten to tempest. Then the roar ceased, the 
storm rolled back, and the great giant Time, with a face 
high and hard as a mountain top, and with his beard 
rolling like a cloud among the clouds, stood still over 
Trigonel. One huge arm he upreared, and with the 
gesture of a reveller, swept his great hour-glass through 
the upper sky. 

** Spill ! spill I " cried Trigonel. *.' Crack me a hole 
in your glass and give me of your sands." 

Father Time fixed his eyes on the youth, but said 
nothing. Putting one hand into the robe about his 
breast he drew out what seemed to be a leathern purse 
well filled, and dropped it at his feet; then, with a 
frown, spread his wide wings again and passed on in 
the hurricane he raised. When Time beats with his 
wings in angry flight we may be thrown by the wild 
weather he makes, as Trigonel was, imexpectedly upon 
our faces. Trigonel, when the darkness passed and left 
him in the sun again — while it obscured the distant 
prospect of field, copse, and stream, — perceived with joy 
that he had fallen so that his nose struck into a sand- 
bag. Cruel or kind. Father Time had granted him his 
wish, and had presented him with as much as he could 
carry on his back of that choice sand in which the grains 
are minutes. Trigonel's heart was lighter than his step 
as, shouldering his bag, be slowly tottered on to his cold 
dinner. 



194 Fairy Tales.. 



CHAPTER II. 



TIMR WASTED. 



But the dinner was not cold when Trigonel entered 
the empty kitchen. It was the second hour of after- 
noon, and the old white hen, who should have smoked 
at twelve upon the table, was a black hen, smoking by 
the fire in company with her new kindred the cinders. 
It was dull company, for in the ashy grate the coals 
had been a good deal put out by the boiling over of the 
saucepans. The clean dinner plates were still upon 
their shelf. 

"Little Vetch! Mother!" the youth cried in terror 
as he entered. But there was no answer. Dropping 
his sand-bag heedlessly upon the floor and without stay- 
ing to close the cottage door, Trigonel hurried up the 
ladder to the sleeping loft. There was his father dying. 
Vetch, poor maid, trembling, weeping, fondling, lay on 
the bed nestled to Papilion's panting breast, and at the 
bed-head knelt the mother with her whole soul fixed 
upon her husband. Trigonel, kneeling beside her, put 
his strong rough arm about her neck and bowed his 
head upon the coverlet. 

O, boy, it snaps my heart," the mother said. 
Thirty years my good man, and more life the more 
love. 0, for a little, little more time; till we go 
together. O, for a little, little time. But a few minutes 
are left him." 

" Minutes, mother ! " Trigonel cried, jumping up. " A 

little time ! " At the word he was down the ladder. 

In the room below he fell upon a select party of porkers 

that had found their way in, an^ we>Te> \kx^x.^\:\Tv^\iT3av^«^ 






The Bag of Minnies. 195 

snouts into his treasure bag. There never was a man 
yet who secured himself a little spare time but a part of 
it was eaten by the pigs. 

Trigonel seized a handful of the sand as the pigs took 
their leave. They were none of them the better, he saw, 
for their meal. Time, he thought, is a thing to hold and 
not to swallow. Hurrying back, therefore, to the sick- 
bed, he pressed some of the sand into Papilion's failing 
grasp. It was clutched eagerly, and in that instant life 
flowed back upon the dying. 

Death-bed life was in this way prolonged. It soon 
appeared that while Papilion had in his hand some of the 
sand, he was the master of so much Time as he held. 
A grain of the sand vanished with each minute that 
went, but till the bag was empty the old man might 
live. For many years he could be kept thus balanced on 
the point of death. 

Dame Peaflower soon put a check on the loose handling 
of the precious grains. Counting them into sixties and 
double sixties she had them sewn up carefully into small 
one-hour and two-hour bags. Of these some were again 
stitched together into twelve and twenty-four hour 
packets. Had her husband's life depended only on her 
punctuality in keeping him supplied with Time, it was 
secure. But it depended also on his own grasp of the 
fairy gift. In a little while he became weary of the 
days beyond his span, impatient of the fist for ever 
clenched that his wife tied up like a pudding when he 
dozed, lest the hand loosened in sleep might let his life 
slip through its fingers. Therefore, one day, when 
Trigonel and Yetch were both gone to the wood, and 
when his dame was nursing him, PapiUon^ taieia^ \N.\a. 
head from hia pillow, kissed laer cjvjafi^iX:^^ «cA.^\^'5kV^ 



196 Fairy Tales. 

thus took her attention slipped the freshly supplied 
twelve-hour bag out of his palm into her bosom. Then 
he sank back with a smile that never changed. 

" He was quite right," afterwards said Peaflower to 
her son, " I'd seen myself, dear as he was and is, his life 
had been kept loo long to the fire. It isn't only meat 
that can be overdone. If I were you, boy, I would 
throw away that sackful of leisure. Strict to time and 
ready to the minute is worth any heap of odd minutes to 
spare." 

In tbe old days, when the kitchen clock might have 
been set by the ways of its mistress, it had never come 
into the mind of Dame Peaflower to tell even her son 
that she was a punctual woman. Punctuality was 
nature to her — no more talked of than digestion by the 
healthy. Now, however, she made daily assei-tion of her 
good old principles against the heap of odd minutes that 
tempted her. They were so handy. For the sands that 
had added minutes to the life of which the time was out, 
gave also to healthy people time outside tbe common 
day. Sixty grains held in the hand melted into an hour 
of which no record was kept by clock or sun. If little 
Vetch wanted two hours of play instead of one, she took 
a sixty-grain packet of Trigonel's sand; went out at 
eleven, played for two hours, and yet was home again at 
noon to dinner. If Madam Peaflower had a day's wash- 
ing to get through, she would hold a linen bag of sand 
between her little finger and her palm, while she rubbed 
in the suds with the other three fingers and thumb. It 
was not easy work, but a day's washing had been got 
through in that way, upon one occasion, between eleven 
o'clock and one minute past eleven, when the poor Pea- 
Aower was so weary and weary that she would much 



The Bag of Minutes. 197 

rather have gone to bed than cooked the dinner. The 
sand being at hand, no little delays were heeded. There 
was always time for everything. At one second to twelve 
it was not too late to roast an ox before the clock struck. 
Always time for everything was on its way to become 
no time for. anything with the most punctual of living 
creatures — and how tired she was I Although the clock 
took no note of her added work, she felt it in her bones. 
The Fairy-sand gave time, not strength, beyond the com- 
mon bounds. Then, too, if she was tired, how fagged 
was Trigonel ! That young man, eager to earn for his 
mother and sister silk attire, sometimes would make his 
arms ache with twelve hours of chopping between 
breakfast and dinner. And when he did come home to 
dinner, very likely he would find his mother fast asleep 
upon the floor. Always oppressed by fatigue, she was 
apt to drop asleep suddenly and unexpectedly. Even 
when she had in her hand the Fairy-sand, it would then 
slip from her hold, and the hours of the day would march 
in processson over her, till Trigonel came home and 
woke her up. Little Vetch, too, when she had over- 
played herself, would drop about the house like a fly in 
November. Sometimes even Trigonel the brave, who was 
so haggard that he looked like an old man, went oflFinto 
a sound morning sleep over his wood-cutting. Then, if 
by chance it happened that his mother and Vetch were 
snoring on the floor at home, the sun might set before 
they all came to themselves, and wondered whether they 
had had their dinner. 

Vet(,*h was the first to find that the natural day had the 
right number of hours for her. While her mother and 
her brother were still worrying and wearying themselves^ 
she, meddling no longer with the "EaSi^-^ovv^, \i\5L^^'^ 



198 Fairy Tales. 

and blossomed into the full beauty of her maidenhood. 
The mother's housekeeping had fallen into such confusion 
of hours, that the cheerful and busy daughter took that 
charge out of her hands. It was Vetch now who, setting 
her ways by the sun, kept up a wholesome order in all 
household affairs; who made out the time of the true 
noon by setting on the kitchen table the meat she herself 
had cooked; and who sought to lessen the unruliness 
not only of Trigonel, but also of the good Dame Pea- 
flower herself. ' 

*' Mother," she said, one day when they were shelling 
peas together at the kitchen table, *' Poppy, the plough- 
boy, knows a great deal." 

" Ah I " said Peaflower. 

*' What do you think he told me yesterday ? " 

** Well, I think I can guess." 

" No," Vetch answered, with a bright smile, and the 
flicker of a blush; "you guess nothing important. 
Poppy and I only talk about important things." While 
she spoke, Trigonel entered hastily, crying out, "Where's 
the sand, mother — be quick ! " 

" Why, what's the matter, boy ? " 

Trigonel, with a large packet of sand in his hand, and 
the whole bag on his shoulder, had only time to say, 
before he hurried out — 

"Grand notion of Poppy's! Ducks for dinner? I 
shall be back in the cracking of a peascod ! " 



The Bag of Minutes, 199 



CHAPTER III. 



A FORTUKE MADE IN NO TIME. 



Poppy had simply been suggesting, as a confidential 
family friend, that faiiy gifts have nothing at all to do 
with ordinary life. The sand in Trigonel's bag probably 
was worth a thousand gold pieces a grain to somebody. 
He had heard of a King who would have given his 
throne for two minutes of time. If kings frequently 
made such offers, Trigonel might furnish his kitchen with 
a fine set of a dozen thrones, instead ofthe four old oaken 
chairs that his father had chopped out of the forest. 
Magic tools could be meant only for working upon' magic 
stuff. Dolt of a Trigonel ! To get no more out of his 
Fairy-sand than a few silver crowns more profit by his 
wood-cutting I Let him shoulder his bag of minutes, and 
hold some of the sand tight in his hand, while he looked 
out for great adventures. Let him always have sand in 
his fist, and he might, if he did not rest too easily con- 
tent, step out of his door to come back with his fortune 
made in no time. So he did. 

That is the Prince Marattin who comes galloping 
across the plain, where there is distant prospect from 
the cottage-door of field and copse and streiam. Field 
and copse and stream — and mountains where there were 
no mountains last night. The plain was being changed 
into a valley among high and tumbled rocks, while 
Prince Marattin spurred for life towards the one opening 
still left on the side of the forest. 

"Out of the way, bagman!" said the Prince, as 
Trigonel, standing before him, seized the reins. But 



200 Fairy Tales. 

that youth, taking the horse hy his right foreleg, thnist 
a four-hour packet of sand between the hoof and the 
shoe, and then, flinging his sand-bag across the horse's 
neck, himself jumped up behind his gracious Highness. 

" I am in peril of life I Down, fellow ! " the Prince 
cried. '* Never mind that," Trigonel answered. " Take 
a good grip of my bag that lies before you, and no mat- 
ter what your peril is, you shall get out of it." 

The Prince, who was in danger enough to grasp at 
a straw, fastened of course at once upon the sandbag. 

" Now," Trigonel said, "be easy, my lord. Our time's 
our own." The prince Marattin and his horse were as 
white as the miller with long scampering through all 
the dust they raised. Trigonel, now sitting behind his 
Highness, wiped a large piece of his back with his coat- 
sleeve, and saw that he wore copper armour. ** Only 
copper I " he said to himself. " You poor halfpenny 
Prince! Where shall I find the Crown Prince who 
wears silver ? " Marattin saw that, although his horse 
had changed its pace for that of a mere beast of burden, 
not another stone was added to the ring of rocks, so he 
said nothing until they had passed through the opening 
towards the forest. Over that, they saw the giants 
striding, as men stride over grass, everyone with a lot of 
mountains on his back. 

" Wonderful man ! " said Marattin, then. ** You have 
helped me through the prison wall these enemies of mine 
were building, and have brought me to where they will 
rain mountains over us till we are crushed. How shall 
I thank you ? " 

" A giant helps me who is stronger than them all," 
said Trigonel. " Amble on ; we have time." The army 
of giants stood like a wilderness of sublime statues, 



The Bag of Minutes. 201 

everyone with the sign, and no more than the sign, of life 
and motion in his limbs, as the horse stumbled among 
the patches of trees, crushed and trampled by the great 
feet treading over them, with Marattin, Trigonel, and 
the sand-bag all on his back. 

" Now," Trigonel said, when they had passed from 
between the thickest pair of giant legs, and were toiling 
over a great hillock of foot, "my lord, the Bagman 
will bid you good day. I must shoulder my bag and 
begone." 

*' Not leaving me to ruin — " 

" No ! For your horse and copper armour I will give 
you two hours to escape with. You are a king ? " 

" Since yesterday I " 

Trigonel did not like the fellow. The cold of his 
heart struck through his eyes ; his long, pointed mous- 
taches were like bayonets, and under his mouth there 
hung a beard like a false tongue. 

" Very well," said the youth. * ' If you want another 
two hours, have them. Take my cap and leathern jer- 
kin. Give me your horse and copper armour, and we 
part." 

So the Prince went on his wa}' afoot in cap and 
leathern jerkin, with a two-hour packet of time clenched 
in his fist. Trigonel took his gracious Highness's address 
and trotted away with his sack before him, and the 
copper on his back. 

Always taking care that there should be plenty of 
spare time in his hand and plenty tucked between one 
of the horse's front hoofs and his shoe, Trigonel travelled 
at his leisure. He went forward till the helmets of the 
giants, when looked back upon, appeared like distant 
mountain crests ; and there was a large city before him. 



202 Fairy Tales. 

out of which had been brought, by a great crowd, a 
knight in armour, covered with the dust that the crowd 
raised. He had a rope tied round his neck, and sat in 
the hangman's cart. As Trigonel rode up to him, the 
Knight began to cry with might and main, *' Behold the 
enemy ! He, of the copper armour, is Marattin ! Seize 
him, and let him tell you that I am his enemy and not 
his spy ! " 

" I wear Marattin's armour," Trigonel said, taking off 
the helmet. '* But whoever knows him may see that I 
am not he." 

The Knight, leaping out of the cart, ran forward to 
seize Trigonel's hand, and said, ** Great hero, have you 
vanquished him? Shout, people, for the suppressor of 
Marattin ! " And the people would have shouted them- 
selves thirsty again for much less than that. Trigonel 
put his hand on the Knight's shoulder to answer him, 
and saw that here was a man dressed in silver armour. 
*' Only silver ! " he said to himself. " You poor Crown- 
Piince ! Where shall I find the Sovereign Emperor who 
wears nothing but gold ! '* But he spoke to himself, so 
that he was overheard. 

*' That Emperor is my father," said the Silver Knight. 
"Of course you wish to carry your good tidings to 
him." 

" At once," said Trigonel, giving time to the Silver 
Knight. " The people will not lose a minute, though 
we ride for a month, and leave them standing here. 
Borrow that mare out of the hangman's cart, let me see 
to her shoes, and ride with me to the country of the 
Emperor, your father." 

So Trigonel rode with the Silver Prince into the oity^ 
leaving the crowd exactly «ift \\i.^^ iovjaA SX,\ ^-s^t^ 



The Bag of Minutes. 20S 

listener in it with liis ear turned ; every one who spoke 
or hallooed with his month still open, his gesture fixed, 
or the cap he had thrown still in the air. 

" We had made undersea gangways," said the Silver 
Prince, " out of my father's island into most lands round 
about. Suddenly coming up into this city by a path just 
opened, I was taken for a spy of Marattin, whom I hate, 
and against whose treacheries all men are watching. I 
believe him to be now surrounded by the giants that 
will crush him; yet if you yourself are not his van- 
quisher, how came you by his armour." 

*' Never mind," Trigonel answered. They had passed 
through a moimtain cavern near the city walls, and 
were now traversing an endless tunnel, lighted by 
towers open to the sky. To each of them there was an 
ascent by winding terraces. " May we not mount one of 
these towers ? " From the battlemented summit of the 
first they climbed Trigonel and the Prince looked out 
over the sea. A stiff breeze caught their helmet plumes, 
and the salt spray broke over them. A dotted line of 
towers led their eyes to a white streak on the horizon. 

'* That," said the Prince, stretching arm and finger to 
it, " is the country of my golden fether which strikes 
root throT;igh the foimdations of the sea, and becomes 
neighbour to all nations." 

The way seemed to be long to the dominions of the 
Emperor in Gold. At last they were reached, and Tri- 
gonel restored to a magnificent father the young Prince 
whom he had saved out of the hangman's hands. 

This Prince was but a younger son. Eldest son of 
the golden Lord was the illustrious Duke (the name of 
whose rank has been corrupted into Duck) of Diamonds. 
The Duke ofDiamondB was pa"ved N<ni\i Y^^Ci\Q\x& ^\RrQRs^ 



' 204 Fairy Tales. 

from top to toe, and wore by his side a sword of many 
jewels beaten into a blade at the forge of the fairies. 
Trigonel, open as noon, told all his story to the King; 
confessing candidly that he had come abroad to make 
his fortune. He had it in copper, when he bought for 
one hundred and twenty grains of sand the annoiir of 
Marattin. He had not asked for it in silver when he 
saved the Silver Knight, because he learnt that the 
Emperor in Gold was his father. Now, however, he 
owned that he felt partiality towards the Duke of 
Diamonds. 

" Well," said the King, " say no more. I will not 
buy your sand, because we are in this land already a 
hundred years ahead of the rest of the world, but you 
shall go home in a suit of armour like my eldest son's, 
and that alone is worth a common dukedom. PossiUy 
you have a sister?" 

" Sire, I have." 

" Then shall my son, the Diamond Duke, who wants 
a wife, ride home with you himself, and if he should 
like your sister, he will marry her." 

So it was done ; and as this is no traveller's tale, I 
need not describe how they made the journey. Tri- 
gonel, dressed in diamonds, rode beside the Diamond 
Duke, who was mounted upon a great piebald horse in 
sapphire harness. They were both shouting, " House, 
ho ! " outside the cottage of Dame Peaflower, before 
Vetch, with her dainty little thumb had scraped the 
peas out of the shell she was cracking when her brother 
stepped into the sun to make his fortune. Mother and 
daughter hurried to the threshold; but the Diamond 
Duke, when he looked at Vetch, immediately saw that 
she would be the best wii^ m t\ie vjoA^ ioi: \cl\xv. %i 






The Bag of Minutes, 205 

the first words he said to her (and she was the first 
person to whom he spoke) were, "Many me/' But 
Vetch had her fortune made already in the love of her 
dear oracle, Poppy, the ploughboy. Therefore, she said, 
'* No, thank you," to the Duke of Diamonds. Dame 
Peaflower explained to the Duke, that Poppy, although 
only a ploughboy, knew a great deal, and had on this 
very occasion been her son Trigonel's adviser. 

" Better, still," said the Duke. " We in our land 
want a wise Vizier quite as much as I want a wife. 
Poppy knows a great deal. Poppy's advice has clothed 
your son in diamonds. Fetch Poppy, and he shall be 
our Minister of State. The tender little Vetch shall 
be his wife. You, sir, who have saved my life, shall be 
my friend, and we will all take care of the good mother. 
Let us dine together, and then start." 

Vetch was willing to go if Poppy thought he would 
like a State Minister's business as well as ploughing. 
Poppy was sent for and the affair was settled. So the 
Widow Peaflower sat down at noon to her dinner of 
ducks and green peas with the betrothed Poppy and 
Vetch, one on each side of her. Her ducks were carved 
by the Duke of Diamonds himself But Trigonel, who 
was gone out to feed the horses, had not come in when 
the ducks were cut. His eye had been caught by a 
well-remembered flash descending swiftly from the sun, 
and lost behind the mountains that now made a valley 
of his native plain. The flash was Aster, the noon 
fairy, ablaze with wrath, having in rigid grasp her 
downward pointed spear. 

When Trigonel exchanged bis cap and jerkin for 
Marattin's armour, he had left in his c^.^^^xy^'^JeiRTo.'^!^ 
lessly, the crystal which his p\ayfe\io^,t)aa i^vrj^^^a^ 



206 Fairy Tales. 

set in its front. Over Marattin's forehead it had clouded 
into a dull hlack, and when, under the noonday sun, the 
wicked prince was ahout to kill a heggar who demarred 
to his demand of free gift of the broken meat he carried, 
suddenly the magic crystal stretched into the semblance 
of a black, lean hand, with knotty joints and cruel nails, 
that beckoned vengeance down. Against him who had 
dared to wear on his false front the crystal of the noon 
feiry, Aster herself struck the spear. Marattin died 
thus of a simstroke. 

Then the appeased giants went back to their caves, 
leaving the mountains they had raised as records of 
their wrath; and Aster, playful as of old, but with a 
whisper of rebuke, appeared again to Trigonel, who had 
his crystal back, clear as at first. 

Again, therefore, the youth had missed his midday 
dinner, but he dined at one o'clock, and afterwards was 
ready to depart with Peaflower, Vetch, and Poppy, to 
the wonderful land, where the Duke of Diamonds v^uld 
be their bosom friend. There is nothing else to be told 
except that before starting, Trigonel, by the advice of 
Counsellor Poppy, scattered his bag of minutes to the 
winds, and ever since he did that, grains of spare time, 
seldom to be caught, are thought to have been dancing 
upon puflfe and eddies of wind up and down the world. 




THE STAVESAORB PAIEIES. 



This is the tale of Teel the shoemaker, Whirlwig the 
hatter, and Sormnllet the tailor. 

Teel was a shoemaker, about whom very few people 
knew how well be undetstood his hnsinees. So one 
e'vening the poor fellow, slipping dolefully out of the 
town in which he starred, went for a walk on a neigh- 



208 Fairy Tales. 

bouring common. It was a small rough piece of broken 
ground, ragged with briar, fern, and furze, scratched 
over with deep lutted paths, drilled into with rabbit- 
holes, here and there scooped also into forgotten sand- 
pits, and dabbled with pools. At one end a steep 
and jagged lump of sand-rock cropped up through the 
brambles. On the top of the bit of rock the shoemaker 
sat down to think. From that height there was a view 
over, the meadows round about the common. Behind 
him they sloped up into a line of bare downs, with the 
white chalk glimmering here and there through their 
green banks. Before him the rich landscape was warm 
with trees. Alders and great willows were clustered 
near the liver ; oaks gathered in knolls about the slopes 
of the deer-park ; pear, plum, and other fruit-trees over- 
topped the little country-town, and all the yellow roads 
that led out from Stavesacre into the world at large 
were fringed with blackberry, wild rose, and honey- 
suckle hedges, broken with elms, and upon one side, 
beyond the bridge, raised to the rank of an avenue with 
lines of poplar. 

Trees gathered about the quiet town so closely as to 
hide all but the great mossy church-tower from the eyes 
of Teel, as he sat on the sand-rock, with his feet dangling 
over its sides, and looked about him. Already the mild 
evening star was in the sky, the rooks were flocking to 
their nests in a small wood that dipped over the river- 
side, where the stream flowed between the farther slopes 
of the smooth park. The distant peal of the town-bells 
told the shoemaker that Hodge, Peter, and Jeff, cobblers 
and bell-ringers, had met for practice in the belfry be- 
fore spending (prosperous men !) a social evening to- 
gether in the parlour of the ^aivd\i.0Y&^^'^ Kxm^. 



The Siavesaere Fairies. 209 

When the bell-ringing was over, there were more 
stars in the darkening sky, and presently the moon rose, 
large and red, from behind the wood in whicji the rooks 
were sleeping. A bend of the river was alight directly. 
All was so still that Teel heard now and then the faint 
creak of the insects stirring in the bushes of the common, 
and the whirr of the night-moth as she flew by. 

" Heigho ! " he sighed. " I get nothing by this think- 
ing ; so I will go home to my good dame." 

He was aboiit to rise, when a young rabbit leapt into 
his lap. The rabbit tamely suffered him to pull its 
ears. 

" Silly puss ! " said the shoemaker ; " when you jump 
into the lap of a man who has an empty cupboard, don't 
you know that you are good to eat ? But never fear, 
small creature. As you trust me, you shall take no 
harm." 

"Very well!" said the rabbit — no longer a rabbit; 
for, indeed, he was a curiously little man in grey body- 
clothes, but without coat or hat, and with his feet quite 
naked. He had a tiny bundle in one hand, which he 
held up to Teel. '* I hope, my good fellow, I may 
trust you. Make me a pair of shoes out of the leather 
in this bundle, and return me all the pieces. I will 
pay you well, and bring you some more custom, if your 
fit is good." 

*' Fit good ! " said the neglected artist. " Those igno- 
rant people of Stavesacre are content to wear clumps on 
their feet. They fatten no less than three cobblers with 
their custom, and have suffered me, a proper shoemaker, 
to starve. Yes, sir I I can fit a dainty foot like yours, 
sir, in a way to show you something of my art. Am. I 
to send the shoes, or will your "hono^vt e«SV lox ^O^i^'oilT'' 



210 Fairy Tales. 

" I will call at your house for tHem," the Fairy said 
" Be ready, if you can, at this hour, this day "week." 

At the appointed hour Teel was quite ready; and 
Till, his good wife, had been so cai-eful to help him in 
obeying the wish of his Fairy customer, that not a shred 
of leather or thread — though it were but a shred no 
bigger than a morsel of a line of spider's web, was left 
on or below the table at which Teel had worked. All 
was put, with the shoes themselves, into the tiny bag. 
Then as they sat — ^too poor to afford candle — ^in the 
light that was half moonlight and half twilight, the old 
couple suddenly saw the little grey Fairy busy about 
that bag. He weighed it first in one hand, and then in 
the other. He opened it, took out the shoes, turned ont 
and examined all the pieces. Then he put the pieces 
back, and, sitting down upon Till's spectacle-case, put 
on the shoes. When they were on, he got np and 
danced about in them to try their fit. They fitted per- 
fectly. Advancing at last to the edge of the table, he 
said, "Brother Teel, I am authorized to appoint you 
shoemaker in ordinary to the Fairies of the Downs and 
Commons. Kemove, therefore, to your new house on 
the sand-rock in Stavesacre Common, where you will 
have plenty of custom and good pay as long as we may 
trust you." 

" Oh, sir," said Till, " you may trust my old man with 
shoes of gold." 

" He will find shoes of gold that are his dwn, in his 
new house. I pay them to him in exchange for these. 
There is a piping hot supper also waiting for you both 
in your new house, so I advise you to move into it at 
once. You need take nothing with you. Tools, furni- 
ture, and even clothes, are Wier^ aA-To^^^T 



The Stavesacre Fairies, 211 

Tools, furniture, and new clothes, yes. But neverthe- 
less, after the Fairy vanished, Teel and Till, indulging 
themselves with the extravagance of a candle, searched 
their house through, and filled a large bundle with 
household treasure. There was the Sacred Book, in 
which they had read to each other; there were the 
little clothes, at which Till worked when she had been 
a younger (but still not a young) wife, and the small 
shoes Teel made for the baby, that was still the baby to 
their hearts as when it was lost, a score of years ago. 

Then Till had to wipe the dust from her mother's 
Cookery Book, given to her on her marriage. That 
edifying work had been neglected of late^ for want of 
the eggs and butter, without which, in its opinion, no- 
thing could be brought into being. But there was the 
mother's name, in her own hand, written across the 
title-page, worth all the dainties that were ever fried. 
Till had more relics, and the foolish shoemaker had 
treasures put away in drawers, — dead flowers, faded 
ribbons. " Do you know, Till," he said, " I must have 
you carry to the new house the whole of your white 
wedding-dress, that is in yonder worm-eaten old press." 
So off they went at last under the moonlight, he with a 
pack and she with a pack. 

When Ihey came to the skirt of the common they saw 
all the windows lighted in a neat little white house on 
the top of the sand-rock. When they had climbed the 
sand-rock, the cottage-door opened to them of its own 
accord, and a delicate smell of boiled rabbit and onions 
kissed their noses. In a dainty little parlour, that dish, 
dear alike to Teel and Till, smoked ready for them. 
There were hot mealy potatoes too, boiled aa t<^^ \s^ 
the Fairies can succeed in "boiling ^ik«ta.\ ?5X.'eR>^ '(^asst^ 



212 Fairy Tales. 

were two bright glasses set beside a foaming jng of ale. 
"What a sweet perfume of meat!" said Teel; "and 
onion," added Till, who was so much moved by the 
sight of a comfortable hot supper and the smell of 
onion, that she wiped her eyes as she sat dowBu 

A half-open door was opposite Teel's seat, and there 
was a lighted room be3'ond. " I must just run and peep 
in," said the poor shoemaker. So he ran across and 
peeped, and what he saw was his new workshop. There 
were his counter and his cases, and his shoemaker^s 
bench, and the tiniest little tools, made with broad 
handles to suit his grasp. But sitting all round the 
shop, row behind row, were thousands of little Fairies 
in grey body-clothes, without hats, coats, or shoes, who 
cried as he peeped in, "Good evening to yon, gossip. 
We are all waiting for you to measure us, when you 
have supped!" 

Before Teel could answer them, there was a clatter 
behind him, that obliged him to turn round. It was 
caused by the falling of a large pair of gold shoes through 
the ceiling to the floor, followed by a cry of " Shoes for 
you, shoemaker ! " Thereupon all the Fairies in the 
shop began to sing : — 

" Shoes ! Wonderful Shoes I 
Safe on the water, safe on the land, 
Keady to run at the word of command.'* 

AVhirlwig was a hatter, who had made felt caps for 
the ploughmen of Stavesacre, though he was clever 
enough to fit with the glossiest of hats, the head even 
of a crocodile. He had plenty of custom for his caps ; 
but he would have poured his earnings out as easily as 
he poured beer into his throat at \\iei ^a-a^QY^-^^ Kx\s2&^ 



The Stavesacre Fairies. 213 

if his wife Willwit had not been careful and honest as 
she was. A month after Teel had left the town, and 
gone to live in his new cottage on the sand-rook, Whirl- 
wig was seeing a comrade home over the common after 
a supper at the club of Noisy Dogs, at which he was 
perpetual vice-president. On the other side of the 
common his friend left him, and went on. to his own 
village. Whirlwig turned back to Stavesacre, but in 
the middle of the common he lay down (as he after- 
wards said), to think a bit. " Dame Willwit," he 
thought to himself, '*will say there's little enough in 
my pocket. Poor woman! She don't know what a 
famous supper I got for my money. I'll go home and 
tell her of it." 

He was trying to rise, when a young rabbit jumped 
into his lap, and tamely suffered him to seize it by the 
ears. " Heigho ! " cried the hatter, " here's a supper for 
the good dame too. I'll take you home to her, trust me." 

" Very well," said the rabbit — no longer a i-abbit, 
being indeed a curiously little man in grey body-clothes, 
without coat or hat, but with the neatest of small shoes 
upon his feet. "Very well, my good fellow, 1 hope I 
may trust your wife at least to see that you deal fairly. 
Then holding up a tiny bundle, he said, " Make me a 
cap out of the felt in this bundle and return me all the 
pieces. I will pay you well, and bring you some more 
custom if your fit is good." 

The hatter laughed with defiance, "Fit good!" he 
cried. "Though I have been making caps for block- 
heads all my days, I know what I know; you shall 
wear, sir, what will make you feel the real use of your 
head. Am I to send the hat, ox v^iW ^o\xt VorcLOv^:^ ^is^ 
for it?" 



214 Fairy Tales. 

The Fairy said lie would call at that same liour on 
that day week. The little cap was ready in good time. 
Whirl wig had made a careless litter of the pieces of felt 
cut off while he worked, but Willwit, his prudent wife, 
not only had gathered them all carefully into the tiny 
bag, together with the new cap; she had also locked 
the door of the house and put the key into her pocket, 
so that her husband could not help being at home to 
receive his customer. The Fairy came as he had cOToe 
to Teel, and being satisfied with what he found, ad* 
vanced to the edge of the table and said, "Brother 
Whirlwig, I am authorized to appoint you hatter in 
ordinary to the Fairies of the Downs and Commons. 
Kemove therefore to your new house by the roadside on 
Stavesacro Common, where you will have plenty of 
custom and good pay as long as we may trust you," 

" Oh, sir," said Willwit, " there's not a truer soul than 
my old man's when he only gives himself time to con- 
sider about what he does. But I do wish he'd make 
himself a considering cap, — I do indeed ! " 

" He will find a considering cap in his new house. I 
pay it to him in exchange for this. Supper is laid 
there, Dame Willwit, for you and your children ; so I 
advise you to remove at once. As for your good man, 
he has supped already. Everything you will want is 
there ; you need take nothing." 

The Faiiy was gone, and Dame Willwit at once began 
to get her seven children out of bed. When they were 
dressed, the whole family went under the moonlight to 
the common, where there was a new white house on 
the turf by the roadside. The house door opened for 
them of its own accord. In tlaa exvw^V\\aWKil\\ftTe was 
^ hot rabbit- pie upon the ta\)\<i, \«a'^^ «iio\x^ ^tl >i^ 



The Stavesacre Fairies. 215 

and Whirl wig was inclined to indulge in u second 
supper; but on peeping into a second room from which 
light shone tiirough the partly open door, he found in 
his new shop thousands of tiny customers, all eager to 
be measured without one moment's delay. So he set to 
work while his wife and children ate and drank, and 
the savoury steam of the pie made his mouth water. 
Once he ran back when he heard something fall to the 
floor in the next room. It was a felt cap that had 
tumbled through the ceiling, followed by a cry of " A 
cap for you, hatter ! " Thereupon all the Fairies in the 
shop began to sing : — 



t( 



Cap ! Wonderful Cap ! 

Wear it for counsel ; and when you despair, 

Tl\e advice of the Cap will relieve you of care, 



>» 



Surmullet was a clever tailor, but a rascal, and his 
Mrife, Smull, was no better than himself. He had lost 
his trade by robbery of customers, and lived by robbery 
upon the roads. He was lurking at night in the bottom 
of one of the sandpits on Stavesacre Common, to waylay 
a traveller, when the rabbit jumped also upon his knee. 
The rabbit would have had its neck wrung in an instant 
if it had not changed in less than an instant into the 
form of the little Fairy with grey body-clothes, a neat 
little cap, and perfect shoes, wanting only a coat to be 
completely dressed. When Surmullet received from 
this tiny customer the order for a coat, he said that he 
would rather take a coat than make a coat, but for all 
that he would fit the little gentleman so that he should 
think he had two skins. 

Surmullet also was to finish his work in a. vf^^k^ ^xs.^ 
did Snjsb it. The little mau \o6k^ ^^"^^ ^"Wcv V^ 



216 Fairy Tales. 

came for his coat and missed the pieces. But he never- 
theless formally declared Surmullet's appointment as 
tailor to the Fairies of the Downs and Commons, anil 
invited him to his new place of business, at the bottom 
of the sandpit in Stavesacre Common. There he would 
find plenty of custom and good pay as long as he was to 
be trusted. 

" Trust ! " sneered his wife. " One man is as safe as 
another, for the matter of that. There's no man who 
wouldn't own himself thief if he had on a ooat of con- 
fession." 

"You will find such a coat in your new house,, the 
Fairy said. " I pay it in exchange for this." 

Surmullet and his wife were eager to be gone. The 
bottom of the sandpit was a newl3'^-establi8hed plaoe of 
business for them ; but the advantage of a house built 
there, in which they might be always lurking, and from 
which they might at any time pounce out upon a tra- 
veller, was to be secured without an home's delay. So 
they went to the common, and found that there was 
really a white house built at the bottom of the largest 
sandpit. Going down into it they found no supper, but 
a crowd of little men, angrily waiting to be measured 
for their coats. As the}^ looked dangerous, Surmullet 
began measuiing directly. While he did so you may 
be sure that a coat fell through the ceiling, followed by 
the cry of " A coat for you, tailor," and the song of all 
the little customers : — 

« Coat I Wonderful Coat ! 
What you do wrongly, and what you do well, 
The Coat of Confession will make you telL" 

Now the shoemaker, the hatter, and the tailor worked 



The Stavesaere Fairies. 



217 



hard each of them for a twelvemonth and a day, before 
they had finished making shoes, and haU, and coatfi 
for all the Fairies of the Itowns and Commons. Teel 
worked hard with honest will, and lived in luxury. 




Whirlwig worked hard because hia wife looked after 
him, and while he worked the Fames gave him famous 
Buppers. Snrmullet worked haid because the Fairies 
frightened him, and every man who ib not tme is a 
cowai'd. 



218 Fairy Tales. 

At the end of a twelvemonth and a day the Fairies 
of the Downs and Commons were all fitted with their 
new coats, caps, and shoes, and as these articles were 
made of very durahle material, they would outlast the 
lives of the tailor, hatter, and shoemaker who made 
them, Teel was the first to finish. The house on the 
sand-rock vanished when the last Fairv was shod, and 
the tradesman to the Fairies went back with his old 
wife to their cottage in the town. They took with 
them nothing but what they had brought thence, except 
the golden Shoes of Safety. A month afterwards. Whirl- 
wig, the hatter, came back with his wife and seven 
children, richer for all his work only by the Considering 
Cap; and Surmullet returned next with the Coat of 
Confession on his arm. 

They had all been kept so closely to their work, that 
they had never been outside the white houses, invisible 
to other eyes, in which the fairies had supplied their 
wants. They had been completely and unaccountably 
lost out of Stavesacre. Their houses remained vacant, 
because new people never came into that quiet place, 
and the settled inhabitants were so entirely settled, that 
a Stavesacre man never so much as thought of moving 
from one house into another. When, as it rarely hap- 
pened, anybody went away from Stavesacre, somebody 
painted on a window of the house he quitted that it was 
To Let. Then it remained empty, until natural increase 
of population in the place itself would, in the course, 
perhaps, of many generations, cause another tenant to 
be reared. The process was a very slow one. In the 
half-century before the time of which this story tells, 
the increase of the popiAatioTi \i«i^\ife^Ti vixA.^ from two 



The Stavesacre Fairies. 219 

thousand one hundred and five to two thousand one 
hundred and eleven. 

When Teel and Till came back into the town, and 
said they had only been as far as the common, where 
Ihey had spent the year in shoemaking for the fairies, 
Stavesacre gaid that was a fine tale, but no doubt they 
had their reasons for being secret; and opinion was 
divided as to the way in which Teel came by his gold 
shoes. A month afterwards, Stavesacre looked out of 
window to see "Whirlwig and Willwit, his wife, tramp- 
ing in again with their seven children. He, too, said 
that he had been no farther than the common, where 
he had been making caps for the fairies, and was only 
the richer by a Considering Cap for his pains. The 
only persons who believed that story were Teel and 
Till, and Dame Till lost no time in holding consultation 
with Dame Willwit, and comparing their experience of 
fairy patronage. 

" I am told," said Till, " that those ne'er-do-wells. 
Surmullet and his wife, were lost out of town soon after 
you. Has he been in the same employ, I wonder ! " 

While the two women talked together, Whirlw^ig 
came downstairs in a rusty blue coat, a stained and 
soiled red waistcoast, and high walls of shirt-collar 
about his cheeks. " I am going' to sup at the club," he 
said to his wife, as he went out. 

" Ah," sighed Willwit ; " the fairies gave him a Con- 
sidering Cap, and he always has refused to put it on. 
A poor man, with a wife and seven children, needs to 
put on his Considering Cap before he goes to sup at the 
club ; but he shall wear it after he comes home. I will 
put him to bed in it to-night." 

'*A famous notion, gossip," said T>ax\\^ '^^^^• ''^^^i^> 



220 Fairy Tales. 

what my man is to do with his shoes, I wish I could 
see. He hasn't a fault to he mended, hless his old 
heart ! " 

" Or a sorrow to he cured," said her friend, " when 
you are hy." 

But Till looked into the empty air, and her fingers 
strayed towards a lock of hahy hair that had lain folded 
in paper for a score of years upon her hosom. 

\Villwit took her hy the other hand, like a kind gossip 
as she was, and said, " Yes, though it he twenty yean 
ago, it must be hard to miss your little Clary. And 
you had hut her." 

" If we had but her grave to kneel over ! " moamed 
the good Till. " She may be living with the thieves 
who stole her, and they may have made her one of 
them ! " 

" If she be alive, there is still hope that j^ou may find 
her. Truly, dear friend, the man would walk on shoes 
of gold who brought her back to you." 

" On shoes of gold ! " Till cried. And leaping up, 
she clapped her hands for joy. " Oh, neighbour, neigh- 
bour ! let me go ! " 

" Husband," she panted, when, out of breath with 
the haste she had made, she got home to her old man ; 
" put on those fairy Shoes of Safety, and go out to find 
our child. My heart tells me they were given you for 
that." 

"But whither shall I go?'' 

" Put on the shoes and go — * Safe on the water and 
safe on the land, ready to run at the word of command,' 
the fairies said they were. Then bid them carry you 
to Clary f if she be alive." 
" You are right, and 1 am ^one^r «a\^ "Y^^^ ^^^^^jSa 



The Stavesacre Fairies. 221 

lie was gone, Till went to the old locker, in which she 
treasured as a relic her white wedding-dress. 

At the word of command, the shoes carried" Teel 
swiftly, lightly, through the town. They ran, without 
touching ground, down the slopeT to the river, crossed 
the surface of the water without wetting a sole, and 
sped over the sward of the deer-park to the wood by 
the far slopes of the winding stream. The autumn 
leaves were falling on its sheltered paths, but the won- 
derful shoes did not stir or tread upon a fallen leaf as 
they sped on, causing their wearer to flit like a shadow, 
through the underwood, already damp with night-dew. 
At last Teel struck into the thickness of a massive oak, 
and entering its substance, stood still, in the very heart- 
wood of the mighty trunk, that clipped him about like 
a cloud. 

The brighter for that veil around it and above it was 
the mossy nest over which Teel now stood still. Here 
it was that the fairies of the Wood who stole her, held 
his little Clary cradled. Here she was sleeping happily, 
in form not a day older than when she was lost, soothed 
by singing froma choir of green wood-fairies, who were 
her attendants. But when Teel snatched her up, and 
fell to kissing her, the fairies sang : — 

" Playfellow Clary, nice to steal. 
You must go home with Father Teel. 
Clary will be our playfellow for good, 
If father don't leave his Gold Shoes in the wood." 

Teel instantly stepped out of the shadow of the oak, 
and took his shoes off. Their gold rose in a mist that 
ran along the ground and spread into tha tt^^-s*^ xsssiwJs. 
the autumn leaves dropped yellow an.^ c^Vvv^m^ ^>^'^'CL 



222 Fairy Tales. 

paths that had become strewn with gold. The gnarled 
tnink of the oak was solid enough when Teel tamed his 
back upon it. 

So, without stooping to pick up any of the gold 
through which he walked, and without flinching when 
his naked feet trod among thorns, the old shoemaker 
went through the forest. Slowly, and trembling with 
joy, he went through 'the forest, bearing upon his arms 
the sleeping infant. It was a long walk home, and 
there was the bridge beyond the poplar avenue to be 
crossed outside Stavesacre, for which reason his iwiy 
must be through the main street. But the stars were all 
out when he reached it, and half the town was already 
abed. Few saw the old man limping with torn feet 
over the stones as he went homeward by the light of 
the crescent moon and of the stai*s, pressing with 
shrivelled, knotted hands, the tender sleeping child to 
his warm heart. 

Till saw him from afar, and ran to him through the 
night shadows in her yellowish white wedding dresa. 
She had been holding solemn festival in this attire, 
sitting alone in her poor room, and so awaiting the 
return of Clary. If she thought of an old time, she 
had not thought it would come back to her so peiiectlj' 
that Clar^' would be Ikby Clary still. She was a year- 
ling child when lost, and as a yearling child she was 
returned into her mother's bosom. Age had not hardened 
the tine heart that welcomed her. It was a dainty 
sight to see the old dame crooning with love as she 
wept fast tears over the child that smiled up at her 
from the lap of muslin and old lace and limp white 
satin bows. Till pressed its nose into the wreck of 
the great true love-knot ui^oiv ^ict \>o\a«r£i^ ^\A ^^\.\s«t 



The Stavesacre Fairies. 223 

thin grey liair into confusion with its golden curls as 
she sat lip to lip with it in her agony of joy. Mean- 
■while her old man, kneeling before the newly -lighted 
fire, stirred in their single pot a baby-mess with one 
of his thin hands. His other hand moved with a wander- 
ing touch about his wife and child. 

Presently the child was to be fed with a wooden 
spoon, and grasped the spoon as it was comihg to its 
mouth. Immediately the wood was gold. I^hey were 
in no joy about that, but in some concern lest there 
should be an objectionable change made in the gruel. 
No, that was excellent. And Clary throve like any 
other child ; was healthy, happy, natural, except that she 
-would sometimes murmur a strange fairy music in her 
sleep, and that, when touched by her, wood became gold. 

By noon next day so many planks, beams, window- 
frames, and doorposts of the shoemaker's cottage were 
transmuted into shining gold, that gossip Will wit held 
her breath when she ran in with something of interest 
to tell to gossip Till. We know what there was to be 
told Willwit. What she had to say to Till was that 
her good man Whirlwig, waking up that morning with 
the Considering Cap on his head, had sat up in his bed, 
and poured out such a stream of wise reflections on 
the headache he had got, and on the responsibilities 
he had got; on the necessity of getting a new coat 
for the boy Daniel, and new shoes for Heartsease, 
and a new gown for Willwit; on the devotion and 
prudence of his valuable wife Willwit and his own past 
wastefulness; on the propriety of instantly resigning 
his place as Vice-President of Noisy Dogs, of clearing 
out his shop and making a great stir if i^s«i\i\^ \3Cy y^<^- 
cure increase of custom ; on the poss^\\\^^ oi ^s^\»?^ 



224 Fairy Tales. 

enough for the purchase of a small pony-cart 'with which 
he could go in search of customers to the surrounding 
villages ; on the cost of a cart and of a iK)ny ; on the 
average rate of his possihle week's earnings in Staves- 
acre, and on the average weekly cost of a sufficiency of 
meal, of meat, of hutter, of eggs ; on the advantages 
and disadvantages of keeping a pig and his o^vn powers 
of huilding a pigst}' ; on the numher of years it would 
take to turn by economy a pig into a cow ; on the best 
thing to be done for little Sorrel's cough, and the cause 
of that pain in the side his wife had been complaining 
of; and so on, and so on, that he was another man. 
He had sold ten caps that morning ; he was inventing, 
as a speculation of his own, a grand official hat for the 
next mayor of Stavesacre. He had already found her 
money enough to get a leg of pork and stuffing for their 
dinner. 

** I wouldn't have my good man lose this industry," 
said Willwit; "no, not if he got, instead of it, your 
child's wonderful power of gold-making." 

" I don't care for the gold-making," said Till, " though 
I suppose it makes us very rich. That old chair you sit 
on, now it's made of gold, must be worth something. 
Take it home, gossip. Nobody need be poor in Staves- 
acre if this is to last with Clary, but it's so like a dis- 
ease, that I shall be glad enough to see her cured." 

When she said that a green dwarf with a very long 
nose peeped in at the door. " Oh, good morning, dame 
Till," he said. " If you don't wish that child of yours 
to infect any more wood with a jaundice, let her walk 
round the room three times in the gold Shoes of Safety. 
Here they are. If you are in the mind to make that 
use of them, keep them*, \i Tio\.,\^^ >i)cv^m\i^ ^5aaX.\».^ 



The Stavesacre Fairies. 225 

into the wood yonder, where your good man left them." 
The dwarf threw the shoes into the room and vanished. 

Till put little Clary's feet into the shoes directly, and 
began to guide her tottering. 

''Think what you do," said Willwit. "The child's 
power will give you never-ending wealth." 

"I want my own natural and healthy little Clary," 
TiU replied. 

"But won't you wait till you have advised with your 
husband?" 

" As to Clary, and all else, my Teel and I are of one 
heart." 

So Clary pattered three times round the room in the 
gold shoes. After the first round, there was no sign of 
amendment, for all the wood in the house not changed 
already, became gold. After the second round, every- 
thing that was made of cotton, hemp, or flax, the child's 
clothes, all the linen the two women wore and their 
poor cotton gowns, changed into cloth of gold. 

" I fear to go round again," said Till. " The disease 
grows stronger, and the dwarf may have meant only to 
mock me. Yet I will have trust." 

So she went round for the third time, and after that 
there was no change, but there was not a splinter of 
wood left in the house, with which to try whether the 
desired change in the child really was effected. The 
women, dressed as they were, in gold from head to foot, 
dared not go out of doors to fetch a stick. It was lucky 
for them, that at this moment the knave Surmullet and 
Smull his wife stepped in. 

They were then coming in from the common, and as 
they passed Teel's cottage in the empty coAxsilx^ %\;t^^V 
were the &rat to notiGQ the golden ^m^Q^AT«cDk«^ «sv^ 



226 Fairy Tales, 

door-posts, and the brilliant gold door of Teel's cottage. 
Inside, the room was like a gold mine, with two golden 
women in it and a golden child. 

But a passing boy or two soon spread the news, and 
all the town had presently turned out to look at the 
shoemaker's cottage with golden beams and posts, and 
doors, and golden thatch. Surmullet and Smull had 
been hearing wonders inside, while they looked greedily 
about them, and Smull had fetched a faggot from the 
yard to put in the child's hand. It remained wood. 
"A pretty game you have spoiled," she said. "My 
worthy husband also had a fairy gift, and who knows 
what may come of it. Put on your coat, good man." 

Surmullet put on the Coat of Confession which he 
had brought in on his arm, and suddenly began to tell 
of all his rogueries. In-doors and out-of-doors all Staves- 
acre was there to wonder and listen. Surmullet seized 
upon every man he had cheated or robbed and made 
a thoroughly clean breast of his offence ; but he was 
astonished at the good nature with which all his con- 
fessions were received. 

Whefi Teel came home with the shoe-leather for 
which he had been to the tanyard two miles down the 
river, he found himself suddenly seized by the mob of 
townspeople before and about his cottage, lifted upon 
men's shoulders, and beset with a great shout of " Teel ! 
Teel ! Teel for the next Mayor ! " More astonishing 
still were the shouts of " Bravo, Surmullet ! " Though 
Surmullet was telling half the town that he had robbed 
and cheated it, yet there he was, speaking the trutL 
He who went out a year and a day since, a sneak whom 
no man trusted, and who trusted nobody, — ^he who was 
'known to be a thief when he used all his cunning to get 



The Stavesacre Fairies. 227 

credit for honesty, — was now held to be honest when 
he manfully confessed all that was in him, though the 
all was bad. 

Now, the end of the story is, that Surmullet, finding 
comfort in his Coat of Confession, ceased to be the 
coward that he had been. He grew to be fearless in 
speaking the truth, and, from being true in word, soon 
became true in deed. By shifting his coat slily and 
whenever he could to other men's backs, he found that 
other men, forced to speak all the good and evil that 
was in them, commonly turned out better than almost 
anybody else expected. The sensation of being trusted 
was to Surmullet himself very welcome ; and even 
Smull was content to stand with her husband in the 
good books of her neighbours. 

Whirlwig became the most considerate and pains- 
taking man in the whole world. 

Teel and his wife were the richest people in or out 
of Stavesacre, after they had given gold away to Whirl- 
wig, to Surmullet, and to every poor neighbour. There 
was built for them a fine house in the deer-park, where 
they loved, all their days, the kindest and prettiest of 
daughters. Teel wore the Mayor's cap that Whirlwig 
had distinguished himself by inventing. In the second 
year of his mayoralty, he gave his wonderful Shoes, 
and, in the same year, Whirlwig and Surmullet, who 
no longer needed magic help, gave also their Cap and 
Coat, to be held in perpetual possession by the town- 
council of Stavesacre. 

The Shoes, Coat, and Cap were kept in a strong 
tower and committed to the keeping of six faithful 
wardens. Whenever an offence was committfe^ m ^^v'b 
town, an ofScer of justice, putting on ^i^ife ^ci^^, ciorKw 



228 Fairy Tales. 

manded them to bring him face to face with the offender. 
Instantly tracked and seized, the culprit was brought 
into the presence of the Mayor. There all the witnesses, 
and the offender himself, wore, when they gave evidence 
of what they knew, the wonderful Coat of ConfessioiL 
The whole truth about everything that related to an 
offence being thus presented to the Mayor, that magis- 
trate put on the wonderful Considering Cap, and arriTed 
at the wisest possible decision of the case. There being 
no escape for any Stavesacre criminal while the Cap, 
Coat, and Shoes were there to secure his capture and 
conviction, nobody played the rogue; and the Staves- 
acre men lived for a century with so little necessity for 
keeping their eyes open that they became sleepier than 
ever. 

So it happened that one day all the six warders, who 
kept the apparatus of Stavesacre justice, w^ere asleep 
together in the porch of the tower. When they awoke. 
Cap, Coat, and Shoes were gone, and half the houses in 
the town — bolts and bars having long fallen out of use 
— were robbed that night. The thieves were great- 
grandchildren of Sunnallet, and as they crossed Staves- 
acre Common with a waggon-load of plunder, they threw 
in£o one of the pools a bundle which contained not only 
the Considering Cap and Coat of Confession, but also 
the golden Shoes of Safety ; for, although these were of 
solid value, there was great fear of their fairy power. 

Whenever the pools are dragged on Staves€U3re Com- 
mon, if that bundle should be found, let it be forwarded 
immediately to the Lord Chief Justice. 




BARON BLETCH, OP THE HAMMER. 

- CHAPTER I. 



OLD yeSTB&DAY DIBMISBES A LAD FBOU Hlfl gKBVIGB. 

JofQ Blk'J'CU held the Lanuuer for a carpenter in Sloley, 
which is one of the proTiuci&l towne of Dul mans land. 

Dulmausland is the largest kingdom iu. th« wu^^A.. 
32ie traveller who anivee at the coast aai wSSa w^«5 



230 Fairy Tales, 

the sea, probably lands only upon another of its pro- 
vinces, when he has crossed the water. This coTiiitiy 
is almost everywhere flat. Its hilly parts are rmvor 
habited, and few of them, indeed, are ever trodden by 
the foot of man. The ascent of steep ground, or any 
act resembling up-hill work, is, by the custom of the 
land, treated as suicide. Its perpetrator suffers exile 
from the kingdom. 

The ground in these parts is not fertQe, though it is 
laboriously tilled. Spade labour alone is employed in 
the turning of the soil ; and at each spade four gangs of 
a dozen men relieve each other every quarter-of cui-honr. 
That is, because established ordinances of the state pro- 
vide that every man in the land may i have something to 
do, and nobody may be allowed to overwork himself. 
In digging, it is the business of one man to rest the 
spade upon the ground, holding it by the handla A 
second man then grasping it by the middle, steadies it 
under the blows it receives from the heels of two men, 
one upon each side. Their duty is to beat its end into 
the ground, ^^hen the spade has in this way been 
forced four or five inches below the soil, it is the 
business of a fifth man to bring a rope. This man 
works very hard, for he not only brings the rope, hut 
also holds it while the sixth man ties it to the bottom 
of the spade shaft. The six other men of the gang then 
pull at the rope until the soil is lifted. If, after this, 
the earth has to be carried to any distance, all the 
twelve men of the next gang help in moving it, €«id are 
allowed an hour's rest after the exertion. All business 
is done upon the same wise principle, that allows nobody 
to be without work, and no man's powers to be over- 
stmined. 



Baron Bletch, of the Hammer. 231 

Joe Bletch held the hammer for a carpenter in Sloley. 
It was no part of his duty to use the hammer, or to hpld 
the nails. The hammer was used by the master car- 
penter, and Joe's department in the business was to 
take it from him whenever he had struck a blow ; to 
hold it for him while he rested, and to be ready to give 
it to him instantly when he felt able to strike again. 

The master carpenter was desperately busy. An easy- 
chair had been commanded by his Majesty, and there 
was much competition in the trade fur the production 
of it; because it was announced that the first chair 
brought to the palace would be bought, if it proved 
comfortable. For the last twelve months all the master 
carpenters and joiners in the kingdom had been toiling 
eSrch at his own notion of an easy chair of state. But 
nobody was ready yet. Joe's master^ commonly called 
Old Yesterday, was very forward with his work. This 
man was called Yesterday, from a peculiarity he had of 
making yesterday's affairs the only subject of his con- 
versation. Every day's business, however little it might 
interest him at the time, was .sure to receive from him 
on the morrow most deliberate consideration. He 
always veiy thoroughly knew what he was about, up to 
the date of his last bed-time. In other words, being a 
very prudent man, he never gave his mind to anything 
till he had slept upon it. 

Old Yesterday was very forward with his work ; but 
he had one great difficulty to contend with. A rule of 
his trade decreed how many blows of the hammer should 
be given in order to drive each kind of nail home to the 
head ; as six for a tenpenny, two for a tin-tack, and so 
for others, in accordance with a carefully adjusted ««»»\a. 
Old Yesterday was not strong in tla^ aiTsxa \ \i^ x^x^ 



232 Fairy Tales, 

drove a tin-tack home at the second blew ; and as for 
the tenpennies, after their six blows they still held up 
their heads in flat defiance. The carpenter was a marked 
man, and a mined man, who should endeavour to improve 
his work by opposition to the orders of the trade. The 
public, indeed, suffered. It was certain, also, that the 
Eoyal person of the King would suffer seriously if he 
should now venture to sit upon the easy chair that was 
being constructed for him by his faithful subject. The 
legs and seat of the chair would tear and. v^ound the 
corresponding parts of royalty. 

Joe Bletch was the most fidgetty apprentice in the 
world. He stood in the dim workshop, with the hammer 
in his hand, grasping it nervously, twisting it, brandish- 
ing it behind his master's back, tapping his toes on the 
ground, and sometimes, when all the workmen happened 
to be gc ne to sleep at the same moment, dancing furiously 
with the hammer clenched in his hard fist. The light 
in the workshop was subdued, according to the manner 
of the country, for the better rest of the "workpeople. 
Old Yesterday, when he had struck his blow, and re- 
stored the hammer to Joe's hand, commonly nursed his 
strength with forty winks. The boy who turned the 
gimlet had a right to a short nap after every twist 
The man who planed wood had a right to sleep as often 
as he dropped a shaving. A bright light in the work- 
shop would make all such valuable snatches of repose 
impossible for many. It is for this reason that in-door 
work in Dulmansland is done as nearly as possible by 
the degree of light which we obtain in nature when the 
glare of sunshine is beneficently tempered by a fog. 

Old Yesterday sat on a stool in his great workroom, 
winking before the unfinishfe^ esjsy Oaahi. ^i >i>Dx^«6Rss«i 



Baron Bhtch, of the Hammer. 233 

men and boys, each bending over his particular work, 
some nodded and some snored. Only the boy who had 
a hole to bore by dinner-time had wakened up to give a 
fresh turn to his gimlet, and he did not lift up his eyes 
high enough to see how Joe Bletch, who was never 
asleep, wrestled behind his master. He was wrestling 
with the hammer, that was pulling itself out of his hand. 
For three years he had been grasping it nervously, pour- 
ing into it through his fists an eager, straining desire to 
rush forward, and thump furiously at all the nails in all 
the boards in all the shops in all the world. During 
this whole time, perhaps, he had been charging the 
hammer, as one charges an electric jar, with a tremendous 
power, and at last it was alive. It pricked up its two 
ears, lifted its flattened nose, pulled fiercely to get its 
tail out of Joe Blotch's hand ; and, free at length, flew 
at the nails in the chair to beat them. There was a 
wild din of rapid hammering, that almost roused some 
of the men. Old Yesterday opened his eyes, and stared 
before him. 

" See, master I " cried Joe, '* the very hammer can't 
abide it f Wood and iron hasn't patience with it ! It 
was all light yesterday, so don't you be concerned at 
what you see. If the hammer is at work in earnest, I'm 
the man to have it by the tail!" So Joe, Bletch leapt 
forward, got the tail of the hammer in his grasp ^ain, 
and in ten minutes he had hit every nail on its head, 
and, at one stroke, driven it straight home. 

But each stroke was one too many. Bletch was a 
law-breaker in the eyes of fellow-workmen. Th^y would 
quit the shop if he remained in it. On the day follow- 
ing, Joe's master reasoned with him u^ou tlaa ^^<i^^^ <^ 
which he had been guilty, much. legreXXVxi^^btka^ V^^^s^ 



2;^4 



Fairy Tales. 



eompelled to drive him from his service. The account 
of his wages should be honestly made up, and paid 
within ten years ; in the meantime, as for the hammer, 
clearly that was bewitched. It could not be retained 
upon the premises, and he might take it at a valuation, 
in part payment of what was due to him. Then Joe 
Bletch went adrift upon the world, to begin life a&esh 
with nothing but a hammer for his capital. 




CHAPTER II. 



THE LAD DRAWS HIS KING OUT OF AFFLICTION, AND WILL KOT 
ALTX)W HIM TO BE FED ON LUKEWARM MEAT. 

It was at noon, upon a dull September day, that Joseph 
turned his back for ever on his master's door, and with 
impatient steps marched swiftly out of Sloley. All 
hands employed in each of the shops had just turned out 
to pull together at the heavy work of taking down the 
shutters. Of the greater number of the private houses, 
bedroom blinds and curtains were still closely drawn. 
A few detachments of the "biisk^iT sort of servantjs were 
oooaaionally to be seen "busy at ^^ c\ft»."ccvs\^ <^*l ^ ^<5Ri\- 



Baron Bldch, of the Hammer. 235 

step : one managing the pail and one tlie hearthstone, 
one the mat, and one the cloth, three generally standing 
ready at hand to carry in the pail when all was done. 
Here and there a sleepy labourer, who had left home 
before his wife could boil the kettle, was awakening 
himself at an early breakfast-stall. Joe, as he reached 
the town gate, stood on one side for ten minutes, while 
the Stilton mail, drawn by six round horses, came through. 
It brought passengers from Stilton, the seat of govern- 
ment or capital of Dulmansland, twenty miles distant from 
Sloley. By this coach came also the Stilton newspapers 
of the month before last, presently to be delivered at the 
Sloley breakfast-tables. Newspapers in Stilton appear 
only as monthly sheets, and usually contain latest news 
relating to some early period of history. 

WTien the mail had finished travelling in at the gate, 
Joe Bletch ran out into the open country and set forth 
upon the Stilton road at a wild gallop. Weary of 
restraint, impatient of continual delays, he raced between 
great ragged hedges gemmed with fog-drops, and the 
yellow air was wine that set his pulses free. Although 
the harvest in the fields was partly cut, there was none 
of it garnered, and the com might stand. Nothing worse 
than the fogs was to be dreaded. Anything so exciting 
as a storm occurs in Dulmansland once in a generation 
only. 

A large party of rustics carrying a scythe to the » 
morning's work, stopped and looked with round eyes at 
Joe as he flew by them, opening their mouths as if they 
wanted only time to utter a cry of astonishment. Beyond 
them the track turned out of the road into the ditch to 
avoid some unlopped branch of a tre€> llaaA. \sw?t^ ^Oash 
passage of all vehicles. Joe, wlio was fLo\iT\3^\x!L^VW^^!>»\r 



236 Fairy Tales. 

mer, struck the brancli aside with one bloiv*, and raced 
on, clearing the path of many a hindrance as he went, 
until his breath failed, and he was at last content to 
walk. By three o'clock in the afternoon, he had passed 
over fifteen of the twenty miles between Sloley and 
Stilton. Then he came to a farm, in the yard of which 
fegots were being made into bimdles. Out of doora 
there was nobody at work ; within the house, the whole 
establishment was to be seen busy over a great pie. Joe 
flew at the rough wood with his hammer, broke an^ tied 
a pile of fagot-bundles, and then entering the kitchen, 
pointed to the yard and said : " I have worked for yon, 
now I am come to eat." All who were at table stared ; 
but the brisk visitor took a plate for himself from the 
dresser-shelf, borrowed the knife and foik which the 
master of the house had laid down in astonishment, 
cleared a place for himself opposite the pie, finished it, 
and drank all that was left in the beer-jug. Then he 
leapt up from table, and was out of sight before a line of 
action had occurred to anybody present. 

When he had got three miles farther, and was within 
only a mile of the great city of Stilton, there was a gay 
crowd under the brown autumn trees that overhung the 
road. Nothing in the crowd moved, but it seemed to be 
produced by the stoppage of a great procession. Every 
bit of it was as brilliant as fog would let it look, except 
that there were a few countrymen and boys grinning 
over the hedges on each side. Here, in the road, were 
the great trumpets which three men held to the mouths 
of the four men who relieved each other every five 
minutes in the exercise of blowing. The trumpeter on 
duty stopped in the critical turn of a flourish if his time 
was up, and left it to be ftii\s\ift^\i^ \\\^ ci^m^^^. ^^x^ 



Baron Bletch, of the Harhmer. 237 

were the great drums, each with the detachment by 
-which it was worked. Here was a tent of state being 
pitched under the hedge. 

*' What is the matter ? " Joe asked of a staring countiy- 
man. "Hee-aw!" was the reply, "It be the King." 
** The King ! " thought Joe. " Am I to see His Gracious 
Majesty Nodoff the Eleven Thousand and Tenth ? I am 
free. I am loyal. Why might he not take me into 
service, as an. active lad, willing to make himself 
generally useful ? There he is ! " 

In crimson velvet robes, with gold embroidery, over 
green satin body-clothes, with a ball in one hand, a 
sceptre in the other, and a crown of emeralds upon his 
head, Nodoff the Eleven Thousand and Tenth, a lean 
little old man who looked wretchedly cold and hungry, 
stood helpless in the middle of the road. He had come 
out for walking exercise before his dinner. The feet of 
a King of Dulmansland in walking do not touch the soil, 
neither are royal muscles left to work without assistance. 
Each of the King's feet is raised some inches above the 
ground upon a stage of polished silver. The two stages 
work together on a hinge between the royal legs, and are 
pulled forward alternately by groups of men, who keep 
time to the tread of a drum-major. Now the stoppage 
was caused by the dropping of a linch-pin. The 
machinery of one of the King's legs had broken down. 
His majesty lay wrecked in the middle of the road. The 
whole escort was at a stand-still. The tent of state was 
being raised for the privy council that was summoned to 
decide on measures to be taken in this great emergency. 
The order of state to the blacksmith or silversmith by 
whom the King was to be set up again, must ^a.sa tlaxQ.w^ 
several hands. It was feared, indeed, \5aaX. ^tdlQvv^ ^'Ci^^ 



238 Fairy Tales. ' • 

necessary counter-signatures to it, was that of a great 
lord who happened then to be upon the frontiers, fonr 
thousand miles away. The difficulty of the position "was 
immense. It was, in fact, a great political crisis. Joe 
Bletch, quick of wit as of ear, picked up some knowledge 
of the tnith as he pushed through the crowd, and when 
he reached the King, fell on one knee before him to make 
dutiful obeisance, saying, " Mercy, O King ! '* Then 
rising suddenly, he seized his Majesty by the leg that 
had cast, so to speak, its silver shoe. Having apparently 
no more regard for his Sovereign than if he w^ere indeed 
a horse, the carpenter's lad plied his hammer dexter- 
ously, and repaired the broken works. Then kicking 
aside the escorts, he seized the l^wo ropes in one hand, 
and hurried on. The foremost part of the procession 
scrambled out of his path as Joe Bletch steamed towards 
Stilton, tugging the King after him. 

A child pulling a toy horse or donkey by a string, 
could not go forward with greater glee or less embarrass- 
ment than Joe felt as he drew his Majesty through the 
main streets of Stilton. Of the streets nothing was 
visible but a few lights glaring out of house windows 
into utter fog. 

There is a great building in Stilton of which the dome 
is one huge globe, and all below is a grand structure, 
massive as if it had. been hewn out of a rock, of vast ex- 
tent, but entered by broad gates of adamant that never 
have been opened. It is not a true temple, for it is a 
place of dread rather than worship. They have called it 
for many centuries the House of the Future, and a fairy 
giant is supposed to live in it. If so, he is a giant who 
keeps close at home. !No man had ever seen him, none 
who listened at the house-gates ever heard a stir within. 



Baron Bletch, of the Hammer, 239 

The building is so vast, that in fine weather its tall gates 
of adamant shine abroad oyer the housetops into the 
distant country, and even the fog is streaked by them 
i^rith a quivering of silver light. The silver gleam is 
seen below the glare of the great dome, which shines 
always blood- red through fog and darkness. Joe Bletch 
had heard of this great house, and now he saw the fog. 
over his head red with the glow of its great dome, but 
thought little of that. His whole care was to wheel the 
King up safely to his palace gate. 

When he had reached the gate, he patiently rang 
three times at the palace bell, as he would have 
rung three times at the bell of any gentleman in his 
provincial town, where it is law among servants that 
no bell be answered until after the third ring. He had 
not allowed for the refinements in a royal house, whereof 
it was considered shame for any porter to attend to a bell 
that had been rung less than a dozen times. After the 
fourth ring, Joe Bletch, observing how the fog hung 
on the Toydl whiskers, and the cold painted in blue 
a^d red the royal countenance, took out his hammer, 
and with one stroke on the lock, broke the gate open. 

Within there was a long broad flight of lamplighted 
stairs, on which there were to be seen crowds of footmen 
dressed in silk and cloth of gold, but there was not one 
of them who had not a hole in his coat or a rent in his 
stocking. When these people saw the king, they made 
obeisance to him, but they did no more. Joe Bletch see- 
ing that no help was to be had, removed the walking ap- 
paratus from the royal feet, hoisted King Nodoff* the 
Eleven Thousand and Tenth upon his shoulders, and so, 
running upstairs into the palace, carried the monarch 
pick-a-back into his dining- hall. Dinner was laid. It 



240 Fairy Tales. 

was three hours past the royal dinner-time, and therefoie 
everything was just ready. Joe was about to put the 
King in his chair, when he observed that a sharp metal 
crown which had been one of the ornaments of the chai^ 
back had fallen into the middle of the seat. He took it 
up before he place the King upon his cushion, and as he 
. did so, a sigh of happiness escaped the royal breast. A 
year ago, that crown, which was the uppermost knob of 
the chair-back, had fallen into the seat of the King's 
chair. It was an incident which could be dealt with 
upon no existing precedent. Whose duty it was to pick 
the crown out of the chair, was still a point referred to 
the state lawyers, and in the meantime the ^iug had 
been obliged, for the last twelve months, to sit nneasily 
upon it. The order for an easy chair of state, to be pro- 
duced as soon as possible, had been a special mandate 
consequent upon this dangerous position of affairs. Joe 
did not know what service he had done his King when 
he picked up the crown and gave a good shake to the 
chair-cushion before setting his Majesty down at the 
head of his dinner-table. 

The guests and grand ofificers of state were all left in 
the road, but a sign of the King's finger to the Knight 
of the Diamond Ladle, who stood in attendance, set the 
cooks in action, and the soup had in fact already been 
during the last hour upon its way from hand to hand, 
with all solemn formality, towards the royal presence. 
So perfectly was dinner ready, that even the fish, having 
been dressed an hour ago, was on its way through the 
town to the bureau of the Silver Strainer of the Fish 
Kettles. The soup came as usual before his Majesty in 
a lukewarm condition, with a film of white fat on the 
surface. 



Baron Bletch, of the Hammer. 2il 

I Then Joe, prostrating himself, kissed the King's foot, 
p and said, " Mercy, O King 1 " and thereupon, suddenly 
p jumping up, he turned to the Knight of the Diamond • 
Ladle, who stood fast asleep behind the throne, took his 
great badge of office, which hung by a chain of pearls 
about his neck, and dipping it into the soup tureen, car- 
ried a ladleful of the cold soup towards the fire. There 
making a warm hole among the coals with the King's 
sceptre, the best poker he could find, he set the soup sim- 
mering among the diamonds, while he toasted upon a 
gold carving fork a slice of bread, and heated the King's 
plate. Then he cut into the hot platQ the warm toast, 
poured over it the boiling soup, and took it to the King, 
whose nostrils were expanded, and whose eyes were 
watering. King Nodoflf, in his eagerness, even made an 
absurd and ineffectual attempt to feed himself. Joe hung 
the diamond ladle, something the blacker for the duty it 
had done, once more about the neck of its Knight, who still 
was asleep, then tucked a napkin under the King's chin 
and fed him carefully, blowing and tasting every spoonful 
that he gave, in order that the royal moutli might not be 
burnt although the royal stomach should be comforted. 

It was not etiquette for the King of Dulmansland to 
speak to an untitled subject. He looked meanings, 
councils were held for the interpretation of his looks, 
and the interpretation in a given case having received 
the sign manual, was reported down from office to office,- 
until it reached an office low enough to give a common 
answer to a common man. But now King Nodoff, look 
ing at Joe, murmured, " Baron Who? '* 

"No Baron, Majesty. A tumed-off carpenter's boy, 
Joe Bletch; but you must not choke. Yo\]LT\i\\avafe"es»*^^ 
now is to swallow, not to talk." 

IB.. 



242 Fairy Tales. 

The King relapsed into silence, finished his soup and 
looked resigned again, when six servants^ in cloth of 
' silver, entered with the dish of salmon that had been 
through six government oflBces since it -was taken hot 
out of the kettle. Then Joe, prostrating himself, kissed 
the King's foot, said " Mercy, King ! " and thereupon, 
suddenly jumping up, he flew at the First Liord of the 
Ruby Gridiron, who was picking his teeth at the stair- 
head, and tore from his hand the long gold rod, sur- 
mounted by the Euby Gridiron, that was his wand of 
oflQce. Delicately taking a few cutlets from the side of 
the salmon, he placed them on the gridiron, turned them 
carefully, made cunning use of hot pepper and sundry 
sauces, warmed a plate, and presently was comforting the 
King with salmon cutlets, hot and savoury, that made 
his eyes to shine. 

" Thank you," the King said, " Baron Bletch." 
"Joe, may it please you. I am not a Haron — but 
don't lalk. How can you tell what you are eating, if 
you give your mind to talk ? " 

The attendants at the table seeiaed to be surprised. 
But the position of affairs was so entirely new, that 
nobody perceived in what way it was possible to interfere. 
An unsophisticated little page appeared very much to 
enjoy all these perfotmances, and expressed sympathy 
enough to induce Joe to trust him with the business of 
administering to the King a proper quantity of wine. 
** Keep him happy," said Joe, '* till I can be ready for 
him again." His Majesty, after the first vain effort io 
feed himself, had resumed his ball and sceptre. The 
sceptre Joe already had borrowed. He now borrowed 
the hall " You don't ^ant \t " ha said to the King, 
" and if you like mashed ^ota\«aa, \\ls ^^ n^-\:^ Hk^si^'^Nsi 
ruh them down." 



Baron Bletch, of the Hammer. 243 

So Joe Bletch rubbed down four or fite potatoes with 
a piece of butter, carefully breaking every lump with the 
great ball of state, and then put them before the fire to 
brown, standing a gold dish-cover upon its side to serve 
as a Dutch-oven. Presently, fixing upon a half-cold 
liaunch of mutton, he cut off three or four choice slices, 
broiled them delicately, sauced them with hot port wine, 
and then wound up the royal dinner with a marrow-bone 
and a Welsh rare-bit, while the small page moistened 
the ro3^al lips with wine. *' Mercy, King ! " said he, 
" the game and puddings were past mending, and the 
other things I do not understand/^ 

" Baron Bletch," sighed the King, laying his hand 
gently upon Joe*s clasped fingers as he knelt before him, 
*' it is the first hot dinner I have ever eaten." It would 
not have taken a state council many months to under- 
stand the King's looks at that moment. 

And at that moment the councillors were at hand. 
Eighteen rings at the bell had already been heard, the 
general astonishment of all the sei'vants causing more 
than usual dela}' in the attendance. 

Joe Bletch, guilty perhaps of high treason, was finger- 
ing the hammer in his pocket, and prepared to rush 
through all impediment if danger threatened. ** Remain ! " 
said the King. Joe stood by the King's chair. The 
grand officers of state began to enter wearily, for they 
were very tired after the severe exercise they had been 
taking. They stared vacantly at the rude-looking lad 
-who stood by the side of Kodoff the Eleven Thousand 
and Tenth, at the golden ball in the potatoe dish, and 
at the sceptre, which had inadvertently been left to 
become red-hot in the fire. But the King, laying his 
right hand upon Joe's shoulder, said to them, " My best 



244 



Fairy Tales. 



fiiend, Baron Bletch." Knowing then that there stood 
before them the King's favourite, they all, grand corar- 
cillors and lord chamberlains, stewards and lacqueys, 
made obeisance when they heard the Baron's name. 




CHAPTER III. 



THE HOUSE OF THE FUTURE. 

There was nobody in the King's court who could make 
head against the Baron Bletch. No oflfice was given to 
him, but bis common title was the King's Right Hand. 
Everything that hammering could mend, his hammer 
mended. The King's dinner was always hot, because' 
the Baron cooked and served it. The holes in the royal 
coat were sewed up, in a minute, by the Baron's fingers. 
Everything that the King wanted, he could have at 
once, because the Baron, setting aside the whole train 
of attendants, himself set off instantly to fetch it. The 
King took from him private lessons in the art of walk- 
ing by the use of his own legs, was enticed to be talk- 
ative in private, and provoked even to set at defiance, 
one after another, many of the obstructive forms with 



Baron Bleteh, of the Sammer, 245 

-which his state had foi-merly been burdened. The car- 
penter*s lad, raised above his'station, taught his Majesty 
a set of vulgar phrases, which were introduced at court. 
The drawling of such exclamations as " Go at it I " — " If 
it has to be done do it!" — ^'Hammer at it!" became 
fashionable in polite saloons, and were familiar on royal 
lips, although they represented nothing that was really 
thought or properly intended to be done. 

The Clowning incident in Joe*s life gave peculiar sig- 
nificance for many years to any phrase drawn from the 
use of the hammer. 

" Mercy, King ! " said the Baron one day when he 
was alone with Nodoff the Eleven Thousand and Tenth 
in his own private cabinet. "To seive you truly, I 
must leave you." 

'* Never!" the King said. '* You have been with me 
a 3'ear. Forsake me now, and I shall die of indiges- 
tion." 

" By the life of my hammer," said the Baron, " I 
must go. See how it sets back its eara, two serpent 
eyes gleam restlessly above its nose. I cannot hold it 
m. 

" What does your hammer want?" the King asked. 
"Is it starved? How many bags of nails a-day will 
satisfy its appetite ? " 

" Our longing is," said Joe, " to beat upon the gates 
of adamant and open the House of the Future. Old 
prophecies, you know, promise great blessings to your 
kingdom in the day when those gates open. My arm 
feels that this hammer will serve for a key to them." 

" Humph !" said the King, "You will have to knock 
a good many times before you will get that door opened. 
It is something stouter than the palace gate." 



246 Fairy Tales. ' 

" I will beat those gates while I live," said Joe. ** I 
wish to do the utmost for my King and couiitiy." 

'' They never will be opened," the King said, and 
whimpered as he added, " You will never leave me to 
such gravy as I had before you came. Kespect my soap, 
if you care nothing for my feelings." 

Baron Bletch supposed that he should be able to beat 
open the gates of adamant in a few days, so strong was 
his faith in the power of his hammer. It ^vas agreed, 
however, that, — as he might need to achieve the great 
adventure to which he desired to pledge hiuuself, by 
constant perseverance, — thtee hours in eveiy day, and 
one of these the dinner-hour, should be reserved for 
duty at the palace. Joe Bletch would have liked 
nothing better than to go forth quietly and simply upon 
his appointed work and take his own chance of success 
or failure. But King Nodoif demanded that the work 
should be inaugurated as a public undertaking with all 
due pomp and soleninit}'. A feast was held, a grand 
procession was formed, ceremonies were gone through 
before the massive shining gates, and when Joe struck 
his fiist ineffectual blow, drum and trumpet sounded, 
and a gratulatory ode, written by the court poet, was 
sung by the King's minstrels. Then the King ordered 
it to be proclaimed that Baron Bletch was thenceforth 
to bear addition to his title, and was to be known -bv 

» 

all heralds, through future time, as Baron Bletch, of 
the Hammer. 

When the ceremonies were at an end, niany great 
lords waited with their retinues to see the opening of 
the great gates of adamant at which the Baron thumped 
and thundered. Not a splinter came away, not even a 
spark flew : wet fog thickened.. Now and then, visible 



Baron Bletch, of the Hammer. 247 

against the silvery glimmer from the gates, the Baron's 
magnified arm wielding a black distorted hammer, surged 
up and down through the mist. Whether the great 
lords stayed long to hear the thumping is not known. 
The fqg covered them and made a secret of their move- 
ments. For nine years the Baron persevered. His title 
of honour fell into a word of scorn. Baron Bletch of 
the Hammer, who had set out on his work among the 
trumpetings and the triumphal odes, became the jest of 
Dulmansland. The King prefon-ed cold soup to his 
society. The Baron was allowed to occupy a hovel 
near the gates of the great House of the Future. The 
lurid globe glared down on him of nights ; the fog 
entered his wretched cell. People who came by, if they 
noticed him at all, gaped as they might gape at the 
town idiot; of course the children mocked at him. Also 
there was a fair woman who laughed. 

She sat upon a great stone at his hovel door, when he 
first noticed her, wrapped in a thick dress and shiver- 
ing in the fog, crooning a ballad, as he thought. So he 
turned round and said to her, "I am poor. I have 
nothing for you. Nothing for myself, except this right 
arm and the hammer." Then he continued knocking at 
the adamantine gates more stoutly than ever, and it wa« 
long before his ear caught foolish words upon the 
woman's music that were oddly timed in concert with 
his blows : 

** At a rock you knock, and the echoes mock. 
Never stock, never lock, by the shock 

Is harmviii. 
By the glamour of the clamour of the hammer 

I am charmed/* 

Joe turned to look at her again. From under the 



248 Fairy Tales. 

hood of the thick grey cloak there looked a kindly padr 
of clear blue eyes from the most exquisite face lie had 
ever seen. Golden locks of liair strayed out of their 
prison in the woollen hood. The broad smooth fore- 
head, busy month, and dimpled cheeks had not a trace 
of care in them, though the nose evidently was a little 
pinched by cold. 

*' Who on earth are you?" asked the Baron. 

** Nobody on earth," she said. *' In Fairy-land hand- 
maiden to the qneen. You will have Oberon down to 
you if you keep np that knocking." 

'* Fables ! " cried Joe, and turned back to his hammer- 
ing. When he looked next, the fair damsel was gone; 
but after this day she often sat and watched him from 
the stone by his cell-door, teazing him and singing at 
him. Thus for another seven years he worked on. 

\\ hen he was most wretched he never slacked in a 
day's toil with the hammer, although never once had 
the gate stirred, or a splinter fallen, or a spark been 
struck. The Fairy at last came to him daily. A 
great necromancer, she said, had prophesied to her that 
all work and no play would make Joe a dull hoy. So 
she declared herself his playmate. One morning, sur- 
prised by the sun upon his bed of straw, the Baron 
scrambled up in haste. His playmate, who was on the 
ground before him, peeped in at the door, singing, not • 
quite so merrily as usual : 

** Up we start, and ofif we dart. 
Tlie way to be strong is to labour long. 
Flourish your hammer, go on with your clamour ; 
Thump out your hammer-head, thumi) out your heart." 

Joe's heaii really was thumping painfully. **Play- 



Baron Bletch, of the Hammer. 249 

# 

mate," he said, "mock mfe in jest, but not in earnest. 
Let all the land scorn me ; you, playmate, know in your 
soul that I toil to bless it. Heaven love you for the 
happy face that has been comforting me with a show of 
mockery over a truth of sympathy, and — and — You 
know I love you, playmate ; but I must work on. The 
hammer till death is my fate, and may God pardon my 
sin if I have chosen ill. 0, my good little I'airy, pity 
me, if you can do no better. Anything but a voice of 
scorn to-day out of the only lips that never spoke to me 
in scorn before." Joe rubbed his eyes, and grasped his 
hammer, and beat savagely upon the gates. Playmate 
sat still on her stone, and sang in a low voice that he 
heard, because he loved it, even through his loudest 
knocking : — 

*'^ Will this hammerer never discover 
His need of a morsel of aid. 
The touch is light, 
That doubles might ; 
Over the face of her lover 

Light is the breath of a maid." 

** What do you mean. Playmate, my darling, what do 
you mean?" cried poor Joe, suddenly stopping in his 
work. 

" I have been scolded for you, my Lord Baron," said 
the Fairy. " Oberon said he must reason with me when 
he came in, last night, to my mistress : and he told me 
that it was beneath the dignity of a grand Fairy to 
shiver about for seven years in a fog upon earth, while 
an idea was finding its way through anything so thick 
as a mortal's head. He was pleased to approve of you, 
but^" 



250 Fairy Tales. 

" Yon will be more than playmate ?- — helper?— wife? 
—all Fairy, as you are ; and I, poor toiling idiot," said 
Joe, *' v/hat have I done that I should win such loveM 
ycjurs, when all the glory of your Fairy-Lind was at 
your feet?" 

" Have I not said that — 

" * By the glamour of the clamour of your hammer 
I was charaied ? ' 

" If you mortals only loved and cherished play as mucb 
as we know how to love and honour work, there would 
be many marriages between us. So, master, let us con- 
tent the heart of Oberon. He gave me these two rings, 
and said, 'If they are not to-night upon the fingers of 
the Lord of the Hammer and his playmate, visit eartb 
no more.' The air is full of Faiiy witnesses. ^Vllat 
say 3'ou, Baron ? 

" With this ring I thee wed — 
Merry heart to busy head." 

Joe plighted troth by stammering her words after her. 
and innumerable silver bells took up their jingle. There 
were low, happy sounds about him, and there was h 
rustling as of wings amidst the fug, but he saw only 
his playmate, with the ring upon her finger. "Now, 
husband," she said, " I am strong through you, and yon 
through me. Come to these gates, and let us try their 
temper once again. Onh' remember, I am nothing, if 
you do not ply the hammer by my side." 

They went together to the adamantine gate. He 
thundered, and .she sang : — 



Baron Bletch, of the Hammer, 251 

M " Jest and earnest, song and clamour, 

Working now in fellowship ; 

* The Fairy Wife to the Lord of the Hammer 
■' Opens the gate with a finger-tip." 

But when the adamantine doors of the House of the 
Future were thrown open, the outer throng of Fairies 
became visible, and within there was seen a vast hall 

* opening into many chambers, lighted by the purest sun- 
shine. Its walls were painted over with innumerable 
pictures of scenes yet to be enacted upon earth ; and in 

^ these pictures the figures lived and moved. But all 

* eyes were first upon the mighty figure of the giant who 

* sat in the midst of the hall, covering half its pavement 
' with the sweep of his great robe, burying one hand in 

* the folds over his bosom, and, with arm uplifted, bearing 

* the weight of the vast globe that was the outer dome of 

* the whole building. Of that globe the old, dull red 
glow broke into lainbows ; and then, as if the Hope of 
the World were rekindled in it, streamed rays of intense 
light across the land. The fog was pierced, and rained 
down in rich odours. Far away in the open country, 
dead leaves on the autumn trees were green again, and 
fresh blossoms opened upon the withered stalks of 
flowers. The townspeople saw that the gate of the 
Hotiue of the Future had, at last, been opened, and, 
awakened by the light upon their faces, hurried briskly 
to the spot. They did not see the Fairies, who were 
keeping hoi id a}- about the newly-married pair. They 
did not see the Baron. Oberon had laid a hand upon 
the bridegroom's shoulder, and had whispered to him 
that he should pass with his bride over the threshold of 
the Gates of Adamant, and make the house their own. 



252 Fairy TaJea. 

There were "bright eyes, and niddj cheeks, hriek 
voices, and busy heads in Dulmansland, for a whole 
day. At night, the adamantine gates turned slowly lock 
upon their hinges. Fi^ rolled back over the Bidlen 
plain, the green leaves wilhei'ed again, and the blossoms 
fell. 

Doubtless, the Loid of the Hammer and his Faiir 
hride live happily in the Halls of the Future. It is 
said that they are to throw open their house, and per- 
form great works with tho help of the Fairy Giant, who 
is their companion, in the reign of King Nodoff the 
Ninety Thousandth, who is yet to come. 





BEED UPON GOLD. 



THE DEABE»T PHT. 

The i>oorONt. woman in the land, a long way off, and a 
long tiino ago, became the mother of a leathery little 
bag of a child, that would take nothing into its mouth, 
and yet remained alive. She discuw^ ftie \»!o^* «*»» 
Ave hours a day for a twelvemonth, "«"i\h. sSVWi igsssw^- 



254 Fairy Tales. 

There were ten other children of hers, all wth empty 
stomachs; but then these wei'e hungry stomachs, as 
became their station. The eleventh child, though it 
appeared to consist mainly of stomach, opened its 
mouth, and cried continually, as if wanting food ; but 
instantly rejected eveiything that was offered. 

At last, there came by the djoor an old pedlar, with 
two feet of beard, and spectacles that gathered the light 
from the eyes behind them into a couple of burning 
points, that would set fire to tinder a few inches before 
his nose, and burn black little holes through anything 
to which his face came very near. 

" That is a curious bag of a child that you have in 
your arms," he said. " What may you have been wish- 
ing for before it came?" 

"Just everything, master," said the woman; "then 
as now. We can buy nothing of you, for we have no 
money. I used, sometimes, to get ravenous and half 
mad through poverty, and long, as a dog for a bone, to 
bite and crunch and swallow the gold we can never 
get at all. . It's very hard ! " 

" Very hard to bite such meat ? " 

" No ; very hard to suffer such sore want of meat." 

" Ah, dear me," said the pedlar ; " and to have such a 
costly baby, too, that can be bred only on gold. Will 
you oblige me with a spoon?" 

The poor woman had but a wooden ladle in the 
house, and this she brought. The pedlar filled its bowl 
with bright gold pieces, and put it to the baby's lips. 
The child swallowed them with relish, and then uttered 
an eager cry for more. The pedlar took the child from 
its terri^Qdi mother, opened loia pack, and^ dipping the 
ladle into a box of gold coina AikaX ^^^ \^ ^tl^ ^^xt^Kt ^ 



Bred upon Gold. 255 

it, fed little Pursy with the whole of its contents. Then, 
for the first time in its life, this infant closed its eyes, 
and slept. 

" Sir, sir," said the mother, " what have you done ? I 
told you we were poor. You have put money enough to 
feed us all for life into the child's stomach. It is gone. 
What will you do ? What can I do ?" 

"My good woman," said the pedlar, "a kind action 
is its own reward. I have given your child its first 
meal, and shown you what is the only sort of spoon- 
meat it will take. I make your child a present of that 
little breakfast, and am glad to see that he already looks 
the better for it. Feed him well, my dear friend, feed 
him well, and he will be a credit to you all." 

" Could you spare his mother, for the other children, 
one, only one, gold piece ? " 

" I am sorry to see that I have given the dear baby of 
yours all, to the last drachm." 

The pedlar shouldered his pack, and departed. Pre- 
sently, the woman's husband came home to his dinner, 
and there was but half a loaf of bread for all the family. 

" There is a fortune of gold in the baby's stomach," 
she said, and she told her tale. 

** I have noticed," said the father, " that when babies 
have had a full meal they sometimes return part of it 
unexpectedly. Let us hope it will be so with little 
Pursy here. Perhaps it "would not be a sin to tickle 
him a little bit, or jolt him into the least morsel of a fit 
of hiccups." 

All was in vain. Little Pursy, who had hitherto been 
crying day and night, and never, until then, kept any- 
thing inside him, now rejoiced in'bem^l\Ci\Afe^, ^tq^^^ 
when he was shaken, and allowed noVbim^ \o ^<3^ ^^""^ 
of Ms mouth. 



256 Fairy Tales. 

In the evening, when the children of the honsekold 
were in bed, and even Pursy slept, the parents took 
counsel together. "We are too poor/' they said, "to 
keep a child that must be bred on gold; but he is our 
own child, and we must provide for him if po68ible." 
Then it occurred to them that the King's wife was 
childless, and was a fantastic lady, who attached herself 
to pets of many kinds. The baby was a curiosity, and 
would be all the more prized by a Queen for its ex- 
ceeding costliness. They would take little Pursy to the 
palace, and endeavour to obtain for him a situation in 
the Paradise of Pets. 

So, in the morning, the poor people put on their best 
clothes, and taking with them all their eleven children, 
went to Court. The Queen of that country had a castle 
of her own outside the gates of the capital, full of objects 
upon which she lavished much of her affection. There 
the King visited her constantly and spent his holidays, 
but as the nation was large, and he transacted peraonally 
all his business, his holidays were veiy short. When 
Pursy's father and mother arrived at the castle gate and 
pulled the bell, there was heard from within a loud 
uproar of barking, mingled with wild screams that 
alarmed them very much. The door was opened by a 
negro boy, two feet high, wearing a loose dress of 
orange-coloured velvet and a turban of green muslin 
spangled with gold stars. He grinned, and showed tvo 
fine rows of white teeth, as five hundred little spaniels 
and terriers, all small and very fat, each barking 
savagel}', waddled out to attack the strangers in the 
legs. They were quieted by a word from the negro, 
and came in with the poor people and their children, 
who found entrance easy when they had explained that 



Bred upon Gold. 257 

they came with the present of a new pet to the Queen. 
The walls of the entrance-hall were entirely lined with 
bright parrots, macaws, and parroquets, fidget ting and 
shrieking on their perches. The five hundred dogs, 
'while the visitors stood in waiting, ranged themselves 
in a circle round them, looking up with expectant eyes 
and open quickly panting mouths, brushing the floor all 
the while with busy tails, as if each dog had reason to 
believe that meat was to be looked for. 

And so it was. The mischievous page had intention- 
ally placed the strangers under the trap-door through 
-which, since it was mid- day, the dinner of the dogs 
would presently descend. In a few minutes it rained 
roast meat and potatoes, and the dogs rushed into wild 
scramble, but the poor little children, upon whom it 
never until then had rained roast meat, claimed their 
part of the fattening shower. Even the hungry father 
picked up a large piece of meat, and was putting it 
to his mouth, when a pair of heavy hands seemed to 
descend upon each of his shoulders, and a whiskered 
head bent forward to snap it from his fingers. It was 
the friendly and familiar act of a tame tiger, but the 
poor man roared with alarm when he perceived what 
paws were on his back. 

The page returned, and beckoned to Pursy's father, 
mother, brothers and sisters, all bestained as they now 
were with gravy and potato meal, to follow him. The 
tiger joined the party, and when they were ascending 
the steps that led to a first suite of rooms, a pet lamb, 
chased by a pet terrier, rushed suddenly between the 
unlucky father's legs and threw him back upon the nose 
of the tremendous pet who stalked behind. He heard 
an angry growl and felt a severe pinch under his coat 



258 Fairy Tales. 

tails that hurried him on to the front of the pro- 
cession. 

The first chamber of the suite, spread every momiiig 
with clean sand, contained the Queen's falcons, hence 
they went through wire gates into a room full of hum- 
ming birds, which opened upon a delicious garden, and 
through this garden they were led to a carp-pond, beside 
which her Majesty reclined, with many fish attendant 
on the movements of her pretty little hand. Twenty 
ladies of her Court were about her, each of them with a 
litter of small kittens in her lap. A steward of her 
household stood beside her, cap in hand, with a black 
swan under his arm that made efforts not wholly unsuc- 
cessful to peck bits of skin out of his face. 

" Tell Belt," said her Majesty, as she dismissed the 
steward, " that I will keep these six dozen kittens, but 
he is to send no more, except white ones. Order me, 
also, another thousand of white mice. I will buy the 
swan. Take it at once to the Lake, and do not be so 
rough with it. You see how it is angered." 

Her steward having departed, the Queen turned to 

little Pursy's parents. What had they brought? Then 

the poor mother told her story and produced her child. 

The Queen pulled out her purse and put all the gold in 

. it, bit by bit, into little Pursy's mouth. It was taken 

with much relish, and as the child cried for more when 

the Queen's pocket was empty, her Majesty bade one of 

the ladies put the kittens down and go to her ti'easurer 

for a fresh hundred of gold pieces. These Pursy ate 

more easily than any man ever ate oysters. Great was 

her Majesty's delight, ghe declared that she should he 

feeding him all the day lon^, for 0, he was the dearest 

pet ! And so he was. 



Bred upon Gold. 259 

The young Queen, whose name was Pearl, desired to 
buy this baby of its mother, and its father was most 
willing that it should be sold. But the poor woman 
declared that it was her own child and that she could 
not part with it for ever. She would be most grateful 
if her Majesty would rear it and be gracious to it, but 
refused to bargain for its sale. Her onlj'^ bargain was, 
that she might not be thought too bold if she came now 
and then to see how the boy throve. 

The boy did thrive. He was a toy costly enough to 
be worthy of a Queen. Even the Queen Pearl found it 
necessary to restrict his diet to four meals a day, with 
an allowance of one hundred gold pieces at each, except 
his dinner, when he was allowed two hundred and fifty. 
There was need for Pursy of a mistress with the wealth 
of a whole kingdom near her hand. For him. Pearl had 
to* reduce also her outla}'" upon other pets, and the King 
was not ill-pleased when, after a few years, he found 
himself lord paramount in his wife's paradise. The 
wonderful child adopted by her Majesty had in a 
manner swallowed up all other favourites, and he cost 
so much that Pearl had always money to beg of the 
King, and therefore was as a wife continually fond and 
gracious. Thus the adopted child became a bond of love 
between his Majesty and her Majesty ; and it was but 
reasonable, therefore, that their Majesties should both 
treat him with favour. 



^^ 



260 Fairy Tales. 



CHAPTER II. 

GOLD AND THE BIGHT. 

The royal favour held by him so long that when this 
pet became a man they made an earl of him. Veiy 
portly he was, and a man of strength in Hungerland. 
The king of Hungerland regarding him as his own son, 
said to him when he was of age, " Earn your own living 
now, my boy. Earl Pursy I create you, and through 
you I shall transact all my affairs of state. The labour 
I impose on you is great. Consider it your business in 
life; see that you do not neglect it; and remember 
that by it you have to live." 

Evil was the day for Hungerland when this Earl 
Pursy took the helm of state affairs. Do what he might, 
men grovelled before him, mere eater of gold that he 
was, a creature who respected nothing but his own food, 
and who would estimate whatever man came into his 
presence by the fatness of his money-bags alone. There 
were many, indeed, who scorned him ; but of those who 
did so, nearly all were poor. 

Chief of Earl Pursy's worshippers, was one of the 
poor, his mother, a thin woman who now had streaks of 
silver in her hair, who had become a widow, and who 
was working, in the midst of all her other children, to 
maintain with honesty an. anxious life. It was a proud 
thing for her that a son of hers was steersman of the 
state. She was but one who worshipped from afar. 
She would not hurt his golden prospects by the thrust- 
ing of her sordid figure on the scene. 

It happened, however, one day, that a fierce Baron 



Bred upon Oold, 261 

Nehmen took forcible possession of a farm which, by 
long years of industry, she and her children had ac- 
quired. It was not far from the hovel in which Pursy 
had been bom, and it was the only source of food to 
her whole household. Drury her eldest daughter was 
betrothed to a rich shepherd's son, and being as good as 
she was pretty, was to marry him with the consent of 
his father when her mother couhl give her thirty gold 
pieces as dowry. This sum she had by much privation 
at length saved, and when her homestead was seized, 
and she was forced to fly to her old hovel again, the 
good woman escaped with her daughter's dowry hidden 
in her bosom. 

It was in vain that Drury bade her. spend this gold, 
which was her own, for the relief of pressing wants. 
" Let me see you married, child," she said, " and I shall 
have, at least, two children in comfort." 

" Then listen to me, mother," said Drury. " If you 
will not go with me, I shall go by mj'self to brother 
Pursy. We have been wickedly wronged, and he has 
power to right us. Let the Baron Nehmen see to it I " 

" Well, my dear," said the mother, " I think that a 
great statesman, who has so much to carry as my Puisy, 
ought not to be hindered by his family affairs. He 
could not do us right, without having it said that he 
judged partially and wronged one of the great barons 
to please his mother. What we have done once, we can 
do twice. We earned our wa}*" out of this hovel into 
3'onder farm. Why cannot we earn our way again into 
another fann ? " 

" And you now getting to be old, mother ! " said 
Drurv. 

"What then? My children have grown older too, 



262 Fairy Tales. 

and are now strong, if I am weak. There is more 
strength than there used to be among us all." 

" Good-bye, then, mother," Drury said : " I go alone." 

The daughter being wilful, there was no help for it; 
the mother must be with her to protect her, and the 
simple soul put on the gayest clothes she had, in which 
to appear worthily before her noble son. But these 
poor people tramped to Court on foot. The Bai'on, 
when he heard they had set out, galloped on horseback 
thither, waving his cap to them gaily as he passed 
them on the road. 

So the Baron arrived first, and when he came to audi- 
ence of Earl Pursy, found him closeted with a foreign 
physician, then at the Coui t of Hungerland. 

This was an old man, with a large beard, "who was 
robed in an ample suit of the white foxes' skins. His 
eyes shone with so much power through his spectacles, 
that their rays met in a couple of burning points, a few 
inches before his nose. The Earl's physician withdrew 
to the recess of a window when the Baron entered. 

The Baron Nehmen's suit was ended quickly. A 
woman would come with complaint that he had seized 
her farm. He brought assurance of his ini^ocence, he 
said, and placed two hundred gold pieces upon a table. 
Ho could testify on oath that he had bought this farm. 
The Earl lay sick upon a couch, and, with a reassuring 
word, dismissed the Baron. 

** 1 warn you not to devour that," said the physician, 
pointing to the gold, as the door closed. "Your life 
was saved by the stab from which you are recovering. 
If you were not surrounded by men thirsting for your 
blood, who lie in wait, not always in vain, to hack and 
hew at yon, you would long since have died of reple- 









Bred upon Gold 263 

tion. You owe life to the daggers and the hatchets of 
assassins, who are bent on giving you the bleedings that 
you will not take from your physician." 

" A man who bleeds doubloons may dread the lancet," 
replied Pursy, as he ate a handful of the Baron's coins. 

"Beware, Lord Pursy," the physician said. "You live 
till you have passed your utmost stretch. By frequent 
and free bleeding only is your life to be maintained. 
You have, since your last wound, been living richly 
here at home. That bag of gold may be the meal that 
kills you." 

" We will see, doctor, we will see," he said. 

In ten minutes he had devoured all the gold, and 
rose from his couch, panting a little, to put on the cap 
in which he carried his great feather, and to buckle his 
sword to his side. Strutting stiffly and uneasily about 
the room, he bade the doctor note that he had life in 
him still. 

(Some days later, the footsore mother reached town, 
with her best clothes travel-stained, and leaning on the 
plump arm of her daughter Drury. When they came 
to the Earl's door they were refused entrance. " Say," 
said Drury, to the dismay of her mother, " that his lord- 
ship's eldest sister and his mother wait his leisure in 
the hall." An old gentleman in spectacles, who wore a 
robe of the white foxes' skins, passed at that moment 
down the stairs. 

" Pedlar ! " cried the poor woman. 

The physician smiled at her, and said, " I am come to 
conduct, you to 3'^our son. I have good eyes, and saw 
that you were coming." 

" You are my boy's friend?" * 

"Do not doubt me. I am interested in your son. 



264 Fairy Tales. 

The magic books, in which I study the great wondeTB of 
nature, have made of the wide sky a looking-glass, in 
which I see reflected clearly all that happens tinder it 
When your boy was resisting your attempts to give him 
ordinary human nursing, it pleased me to exercise my 
art on studies of his nature. To so great a curiosiiy I 
was, of course, attracted, and my interest in him is deep. 
I hang over him but as a student of the fields hangs 
over a rare herb." 

*• As you will, as you will, sir. Is he well ? *' 

" His life," said the physician, *' is in peril. He will 
not moderate his appetite. His body is now overloaded 
with crude gold. Whenever a fresh coin goes to his 
mouth, I tremble for him." 

" Poor dear ! " said the mother. " Glutton ! " said the 
sister. But they both begged to be taken to him. 

When they were introduced by the physician. Pursy 
stood erect, and, with a jaunty air that was a little fierce, 
demanded who those people were. When he was 
told, he answered proudly that he was Queen Pearl's 
adopted son, and knew no other mother than the 
Queen. 

" For shame. Sir," said his sister Drury ; but the mother 
broke upon her speech with praises of Queen Pearl. 
" How good she was to you ! But now she has a child 
of her own " — 

" A common, puling brat, not ten months old ! " cried 
the Earl, angrily. ** Do you bid me fear it ? " 

'* Fear it, bless your heart, dear," said the poor woman. 
" Of course it is the darling joy of all the Court. Only 
I think now the good Queen will not grudge a bit of 
your heart to your motlaex." 
The Earl held his fat sidea au^ ^^-^^^ 



Bred upon Gold. 265 

" Help him, dear doctor ! " said the woman. 

'* Nonsense," said Druiy. " It is nothing but a spasm 
of pride or jealousy at the poor little Crown Prince. 
Lord Pursy, I do not claim to be your sister, but I ask 
you, as the man of power in the state, to compel a robber 
to make restitution of a widow's house that he has swal- 
lowed up." Then she told the Earl by what base violence 
and open wrong hif^ mother had been driven back in 
poverty to her old hovel. 

** What have you to show in support of your 
petition ? " 

" Send to the spot and hear the evidence of all our 
neighbours." 

" Is that all ? " 

" Confront us with the Baron. Send fol* him." 

** He has already deposited in court two hundred gold 
pieces. Do you plead with empty pockets ? " 

" Alas, my dear boy," said the mother, " I have saved 
nothing out of the wreck except the thirty gold pieces 
that are your sister Drury's little dowiy. Bui; I hear 
that you receive too much. All this rich food may be 
the death of you, my child." 

" That is well," sneered the Earl. " Go on. My food 
is my poison, certainly ." 

" Come away, mother," Drury said ; " do you wait for 
your son to spit upon you ? Gold is the food of us all. 
Earl Pursy, but Death waits at the table of the glutton. 
Wise men do not accuse gold. It is to them a stepping- 
stone, and only to the fool a burden." 

** Little wise as you are, Mistress Drury," said the Earl, 
** it is not a weight under which you are likely to be 
crushed." 

Then he knocked upon his table on^QLa-^a^^ c».vcife ^V^ 



266 Fairy Tales. 

was sent to call his secretary. His mother knew that he 
was about to have an order written for the restoration of 
their property. But when his secretary came, Earl 
Pursy said, ** See that these women are confined in 
prison for a fortnight before they are sent back to* the 
place from which they came." 



CHAPTER III. 

THE DEATH OF THE LORD PURSY. 

The Earl's enemies went, therefore, to Queen Pearl as 
she sat with the heir-apparent crowing in her lap, and 
told her how her favourite had sent his mother and his 
sister to a gaol, when they came pleading to him for 
justice against a strong oppressor. Her Majesty had 
at that time a very high sense of a mother's dignity, 
and was already become weary of the complaints laid 
against her costly friend. She therefore caused the two 
women to be secretly brought into her presence. Then 
having heard veiy plain truth told b}'^ the younger of 
them ; having been touched also by the natural and 
honest ebullition of the elder woman upon coming into 
presence of the Royal Baby, which declared itself much 
pleased with her behaviour ; Pearl persuaded the King 
utterly to disgrace their favourite. 

The whole Court exulted at Earl Pursy's sudden fall. 
His mother and sister, released by the King's command, 
were sent home with a troop of the King's, soldiers, who 
had orders to execute a royal warrant against Baron 
Nehmen. They took with them, also, partly as a 



Bred upon Gold, 267 

prisoner, the discarded favourite, wlio was sent back to 
the liome from which he had been taken. 

Their Majes|;ies declared that the Earl Pursj was to 
be thenceforward his mother's slave. She was to have 
rights of life and death over him. Because he had 
spumed her, he should be her chatteL What foolish 
rights were they to give to one who was the simplest and 
the tenderest of women ! She had forgiven her son's 
cruelty before the prison door was fairly locked upon 
her. When she was set free and heard the royal man- 
date, she feared much that her own company would be 
unwelcome to her son, but had agreed to take him back 
to her, lest hurt should come to him among his enemies. 
The cost of his keep would, for some time, be nothing, as 
the physician had assured her that his hope of long 
life lay in a complete starvation for the next few years. 

Pursy, deprived not only of his earldom, but even of 
the feather in his cap, and of his sword, sulked boorishly 
during the journey. When they arrived at the family 
hovel in which they were to sleep for only one night 
more, because the faim was to be theirs again next day. 
Pursy laid himself down in a comer with a sullen face, 
and shut his eyes. The mother sobbed, and was not to 
be comforted until her thoughts were diverted by the 
arrival of the shepherd's son who came to welcome 
Drury back. The whisperings of the lovers were a 
pleasant music by which her sore heart was comforted 
again. 

When the moon was high, the shepherd lad went 
to his own home, and Drury went up carolling to 
her small chamber. The other sons and daughters had 
retired already, and the widow, with a tender parting 
look at her disgi*aced son, who had wrapped his cloak 



268 Fairy TaUt. 

about him and lay still upon the floor, went to lier 



Bntwhenthe moon was higher, Pursy .wna tJone afoot 
within the house. With stealthy tread he passed 
from aholf to cupboard. There was gold under tbe 
roof he knew. The thirty pieces laid by for his 
Bieter's dowry, never had been touched. At last it 
touched them. 

As ho did Bo, the bright eyes of his physician, who m- 
able to conquer curiosity about the creatare that it w« 
his whim to study, had been following the troop &m 
Couil;, shone through the lattice. 

The physician uttered a weird cry when Pmsy thrnti 
the gold into his mouth. For he choked as he amJ- 
lowed it, and falling from the shelf to whioh he lu^ 
climbed, burst like a rotten money-hag into a hnp 
of gold, that glistened like red wet blood in the mooo- 
liglit. 








THE LETTERED MACKEREL. 



It is not every fish that knows how to give a dancing 
party. The Mackerel does not dance, he sings, and 
enjoys mosio of every sort except a catch. Theretoi^ 
he does not stfend the fancy baUs oi m.^ V^t^i. 'Sqsj.^*-, 



270 Fairy Tales. 

which are so fine that they thix>w all the sea into oom- 
motion. 

^ly Lord Shark fattens upon liospitalit\\ He asb 
his meat to dine with him, introduces afifably the \nttle 
to the Shrimp, and the Pike to the Gudgeon ; heads ik 
revels jovially, and sends everybody home, who dott 
get home, so full of the good things of the sea, that the 
tide rolls with his praises. Some thei-e are who do DOt 
get home, but they cannot complain. 

Once upon a time, my Lord Shark gave one of hi* 
fancy balls. The fishes, in preparing themselves for the 
revel, had used up everything they could find in thar 
masquerade store, and were still only half-dressed. Gale 
and Whirlwind, therefore, were commissioned to send 
down man}' more shiploads of frippery. The aid 
firm, which drives a roaring trade, bnsied itself to 
such good purpose for its customers the fishes, tlufl 
this one particular ball was the grandest ever gi^en 
under water. 

The small fiy that was permitted to look on made 
walls and roof to the great dining hall. Kept in square, 
head over head, by a detachment of Sword-fishes, 
glittering eyes and golden noses of seven hundred and 
seven million million of PilchardH formed the lofty walk 
Those e^^es and noses belonged only to fortunate 
possessors of front places in the great mob eager to see 
the feast. Many of the distinguished guests liked to eai | 
bits of the wall as much as any other delicacy offered for 
refreshment; but holes made by their nibbling were 
filled up instantly by the exulting outsiders, for wham 
front plr.ces were thus procured. The roof of the ball- 
room was a floating cloud of those, small beings which I 
sometimes appear as ft.ve w\>oTi >i?cv^ «»\yt^^Q.<i o^ >os^^ ^iws:," 



The Lettered Mackerel, 271 

It was a joke of the Whale's every ten minutes to break 
&om the dance into the outer sea, and then corae tumbling 
back into the ball-room through the roof, with his great 
mouth open, swallowing the candles. For the myriads 
in the roof served also as candles at the feast they 
covered in. I know no more than that, in some such 
fashion, a whole palace was made for the occasion, of 
rooms scooped out of the crowd of little fishes, miles 
broad and miles deep, that thronged to see the fun. 
Except what he had of Gale and Whirlwind, who are 
well-known purveyors of meat to the fishes, besides 
being establishers of the great frippery store under the 
sea, my Lord Shark's feast came with the crowd that 
admired it, and the guests who were to entertain each 
other. 

The costume worn at this fancy ball displayed 
numberless treasures of the deep. Lord Shark had 
made himself a chain of state from the skeleton hands of 
good men lost in a December tempest. He had wrapped 
himself in a gay coat, that was the three-coloured flag of 
their wrecked vessel ; but as it did not keep him com- 
fortable, he thought of enlarging it before his next ball 
with some patches bitten out of other flags. My Lord 
had covered his tail with an odd red cap, much dii-tied, 
and had wriggled till his nose was set fast in a gilt brass 
orown, which had in some way fallen among the fishes. 
Being nearly stifled by this, he was obliged to gasp 
much that his teeth were constantly on view. Still my 
Lord Shark he was, and the feast was his. Two Cuttle- 
fish, who had covered themselves with more slime than 
belonged to them by nature, flaunted in goose feather, 
rhese creatures waited near my Lord's jaws, and when- 
3ver they saw that he was preparing ioi Sbsa^^^^'aj^^'^'^^ 



272 Fairy Tales. ^ 

the water round about him with their ink. For the 
Shark — to inspire confidence among his guests — declared 
that he ate nothing, and wished none to see him fixing 
liis teeth in his prey. A circle of Sprats surrounded 
this great creature, for he was glad when he looked at 
them to know how great he was. They were some SpiatB 
who had been present at the breaking of a barrel of 
pitch, and being stained — for the pitch stuck — of the 
colour of Whales, they believed themselves to be 
a sort of ^^hale, and as they swam, half-split them- 
selves with struggling to blow waterspouts out of their 
noses. 

Distinguished among the company there was the Crah, 
who kept a stall or grotto of men's bones, and who had 
filled his grotto with old nails and chips of wood, crosses 
and whips and chains and curiosities in bottles. He had 
a sceptre from the broken figure-head of an old war- 
vessel fastened to one of his forelegs, and this he 
trailed behind him in the mud as he crawled ronnd 
and round his stall, in anything but a straightforward 
way, begging of every fish who seemed to be of 
consequence, that he would please to remember the 
grotto. A free kind of Sword-fish fell into a passion * 
with this Crab, ran at him, and turned him over on his 
back, at the same time knocking his grotto down. Then 
there came swimming through the holes they made in 
an old three-crowned hat, files of Sardines, who ran awav 
with the clog on the Crab'^leg, and so left the poor 
creature free to scramble quickly out of sight. 

But the Mackerel saw none of the gaiety and had part 
in none of the Shark's feast. He stayed at home for a 
good many different-sized reasons, and one great reason 
—that he was too \)\:Lsy. "Eot ^^^^\ia>asa.^ ^'ekN«5k\^\fia. 



The Lettered Mackerel 273 

"whole mind to v a question of magic. He had been 
occupied intensely with the study of that mysterious line 
which, till this day, wit of man or fish never availed 
to decipher, the line written in strange letters on the 
Mackerel's back. Clearly these are the varied letters of 
some words of mystery. In a strange language writing 
is traced on the back of the Mackerel, and it is even 
underlined in evidence of its importance. Now, it hap- 
pened that our Mackerel, who had been studying his own 
back for a hundred years in a glass borrowed from a 
Mermaid, read the first letter of the magic line at a time 
when the revel of the Shark's great fancy ball was 
shaking all the water round his cave. And in the 
moment when he knew what was the interpretation of 
the first letter, his tail-fins grew into legs having feet 
each with a thousand toes, and his gill-fins stretched 
themselves into arms having hands each with a thousand 
fingers. Music had been his sole refreshment in the 
intervals of work. A good-natured Siren used to bring 
her hai'p and sing with him. Sometimes when she 
meant soon to come back, her harp had been left in a 
comer of his cave, lliere it was, at that moment, readv 
to be touched, and the exulting Mackerel, taking it 
between his feet, swept his two thousand fingers through 
its many strings. Then music, such as no ten-fingered 
creature ever made, brought all the Sirens to his door. 
A magnificent Cod-fish, rolling by on his way to the 
fancy ball, pushed through the Sirens, and looking in 
as he passed, said, " Not bad for a Mackerel ! " But all 
the little Pilchards, who, like the Herrings, have music 
in their hearts, ran to the wonderful harper when the 
sound of his song reached them. Off axA ^:^^'^ ^^tvV^ 
therefore, the walls of the ball-TOOTU. Mlet ^^ ^^a^^ 



274 Fairy Tales. 

ran the guests, till, in a little while, there remained only, 
in open water, my Lord Shark and his black Sprats. 
My Lord, for want of better meat, snapped at these 
creatures, made a wry face as he crunched them, and 
then spat them out. For Sprat and pitch sauce disagreed 
even with him. 



CHAPTER II. 

MORE IN THE SAME LINE. 

Although there may be more fish in the sea than ever 
came out of it, there never was another fish so bold as 
the Mackerel, who, popping his head above water, hailed 
a fishing-boat to carry him to shore. " Is it a Mackerel?" 
thought to himself Filarete, the fisherman. " Can a 
Mackerel hold up a long arm, stretch a finger, and cry, 
Boat, ahoy I " Of course this fisherman did not know 
how this fish was studying his letters with advantage to 
himself. The first letter he learned gave him a thousand 
fingers and a thousand toes. The interpretation of the 
second letter on his back having now flashed upon him, 
he was able to speak in a thousand tongues. As most 
fishes are mute, the greater number of these tongues were 
those of men, and beasts, and birds. " My talents are 
drowned in the sea," said Mackerel; ** I care not for a 
fishy reputation. Why have my tail fins become legs, 
except that I may walk upon the land ? To the land I 
will go, being on fire to extend through earth and air 
the fame that has already circled through the water." 
So, as he meant, nevertheless, to go on studying his back, 
he tucked under his aim the Mermaid's glass, bought for 



The Lettered Mackerel, ^ 275 

a song. He took also his new thousand-stringed harp. 
It was made for him by the Sirens, of hair from their 
^ own tresses, stretched over the shell of that crawling 
^ thing of the deep which once put the chiefs of men into 
^ its purple livery. 

The Mackerel was looking for a boat to carry him 
over the surf to the shore, when he hailed the young 
fisherman Filarete with " Boat, ahoy ! " 

" What do you want ? What are you ? " 

" I am the famous Doctor Mackerel Pescadillo, linguist 
and composer. Take me over the breakers. I have 
business ashore." As he spoke. Doctor Pescadillo 
reached the side of the fishing boat, and putting up an 
arm, seized, with a many-fingered hand, the boatman's 
oar, and jumped in cleverly. 

" Legs too," said Filarete, " and you stand upright ! 
Business ashore! I think you have." Then he en- 
tangled him in eight or ten folds of his fishing net. 
" You and I will have business together, my fine fish." 
And he began to amuse himself as he pulled eagerly to 
land, with crying, " Walk up I all alive ! " already fan- 
cying himself the prince of showmen. " All alive ; the 
Mackerel is now upon his legs, and speaking. Now's 
your time! Be quick; for the miracle of nature is 
engaged to marry the Bandan of the Pacific Ocean's 
Grandmother, and is going off directly in a fly I " While 
he spoke, the boat occupied his attention, for he was 
backing her across the breakers. Away darted the 
Mackerel when she was safely beached, and scampered 
singing up the shingle. 

With a thousand fingers upon each hand, knots are 
very soon unpicked. Pescadillo had not otA.-^ "vsca^\s3&fe^ 
himself a way out of the net, "but "ha^ mtiy^^^^ ^-s^x^ 



276 Fairy Tales. 

knot in the whole mesh ; so that when he leapt ont of 
the boat, Filarete's nets were become a litter of looee 
string. The Mackerel ran faster than a swallow flies, 
and yet the fisherman gave chase, for the mischieYOiis 
fish, instead of running out of sight, often sat down or 
lay down, feigning sleep, and never started off again 
until the hand, stretched out to seize him, was within 
a scale's breadth of his body. For he was resolved that 
Filarete should be his follower. 

They ran till dusk, when they got to the top of a 
mountain, which they had been climbing all the after- 
noon, for it had pleased the fish to try his friend's wind 
to the utmost. On the mountain top were ragged points 
of granite, but the central peak was a smooth table on 
which twenty men could stand. The Mackerel then 
slipped into a hole under a peak, while the fisherman, 
distrusting his feet, sat down to use his eyes. He was 
too hungry to sleep, and watched well until morning, 
when he observed, where he had lost sight of the 
Mackerel, a gleam as of water in a cranny of the rock. 
He had been drenched in the mists of evening, and had 
seen the moon half the night through. He had heard 
odd music after sunset, as if a thousand or two of tiny 
fingers had been harping. The ridiculous Mackerel 
had sung also sentimental songs about the stars. 

Then, as dawn approached, when the poor fisherman 
was shivering with cold and hunger, the Mackerel, still 
full of sentiment, as he was empty of all other meat, 
was heard singing : — 

" Now like the tender hope of fish, the doubtful morning breaks, 
Scarce venturing to thrust a beam upon the sullen flakes. 
That stretch across the East, as though they gathered there to 

bar 
The passage of the couTsevs oi llcve svm'^ \?c\\\\«^Wl c»r." 



The Lettered Mackerel 211 

"Tooraloral la!" said the fisherman, "but I will 
venture a thrust on your flakes with something handier 
than a beam, my good friend." The Mackerel was at- 
the bottom of a deep cleft in the rcTck, where he could 
not be reached by his friend's arm, and he had turned 
his hole into a fountain of sentiment, because that was 
the most nauseous thing he could produce for the vexa- 
tion of his adversary. But Filarete saw a bush growing 
near the Mackerel's retreat, and felt that he could pro- 
duce what would be more stirring than any nonsense 
verses. He tore off, therefore, a long straight bough, 
rapidly stripped it into a small pole, and began savagely 
to thrust at Doctor Pescadillo. As he did so, he found 
that the gleam from the cleft was not of water, but of 
looking-glass, in which the Mackerel seemed to have 
been admiring himself, while he sang. The glass he 
smashed, but the owner of it ran up his stick almost 
into his hand, leaped over his head, and, with his music 
shell tucked under one of his arms, had climbed the 
sharpest pinnacle of rock before the fisherman turned 
round to look for him. The Mermaid's glass was broken, 
when he' had almost made out the third letter of his 
line. 

" Well," said Filarete, " I'll starve you out, though I 
cjan no more catch you up there than I can reach yonder 
Mackerel sky." 

Mackerel sky ! Pescadillo stretched his legs and 
spread his arms, and gazed up at the clouds that wrote 
his line over and over again on shadowy mackerel backs 
far overhead. His eyeballs started forward ; he stood 
on the tips of his two thousand toes, and spread abroad 
into the air two thousand fingers, as i£ \ii«y ^^^^ \5ciKixi\. 
to clutch; then read aloud with a lov^ N^o\e^, ^\» 'w^^ 



278 Fairy Tales. 

the mountain quaked, the third of the letters in liu 
mystic line. 

In tlie same instant a thouBand dishes of choice food 
amokod on the table of the moantain top. Cloeetotiie 
right hand of Pescadillo there 'wblb floating in the lir 
the meat he liked best, in a shining dish. Filaretei 
favourite dish came also to his hand. ^' Now let v 
breakfast," said the MackereL Pilarete "was akeiif 
breakfasting. Fish and fisherman stood -where tiuy 
were ; the right thing came always at the right tiint 
from the table to the hand of each. When they W 
both eaten enough, the breakfast Tanished, bnt the 
fisherman said to the fish, " My lord, I am your servwL 
While you can command such a table as that, I kno* 
how great and good you are, and I "will follow you aW 
the world." 

** 1 take you, man, into my service," said the grack* 
Mackerel. " Now, tell me, what is yonder city by ^ 
lake ? There is the sea behind us, and the mountiiB 
peaks are to the right and left. I am not for the bui 
or for the mountains. I shall go down into that city- 
what is it?" 

'' The city, my Lord Doctor Pescadillo, is the citycf 
Picon, by the Lake Picuda. It is there I sold my— may 
I say, in your worshipful presence — fish. The vaf 
from the sea is by yonder ravine. The lake is alwaj* 
bubbling, and produces only bubbles. Little com or 
fruit will grow on the plains, and these wild monntaiuSi 
as you see, are barren. The people of the city live, 
therefore, almost entirely on what we poor fellows get 
out of the sea. They seldom have enough to eat ; but 
you will feed them, ^ot m -jo^olt o^w vicsrshi\)ful per- 
son, no. Yet you r\m Y\e\s. wiAVi >\\^^ ^^^ wjX.^^^ 

"oit of a fish you are." 



The Lettered Mackerel. 279 

** There is a king there, I hope," said the Mackerel. 

" My lord, there are a hundred kings, eacl^ with ten 
daughters. The country, being barren, is so hard to 
govern, that it takes a hundred kings to make anything 
of it." 

" Very good," said the Mackerel, " I will go down 
to those kings and offer marriage to their thousand 
daughters." 



CHAPTER III. 



THE LAST OF HIS LINE. 



The principles upon which Doctor Pescadillo had esta- 
blished his first happy attempts to read the writing on 
hiB back having helped him to three letters, enabled 
liim thereafter to make quick and eas}' progress in re- 
search. When he and his Squire reached the landward 
Jbot of the mountains, they were hungry again, but the 
Mackerel had only to repeat the discovered third letter 
upon his back, and a new feast of a thousand dishes 
smoked upon the ground before them. Still also the 
slightest freak of appetite in master and man was so 
well studied, that each had imder his hand exactly 
what he wanted, at the moment when the notion of it 
came into his head. When they had eaten, being foot- 
w^eary with yesterday's race and the morning's scramble 
down the mountain's side, and, furthermore, lazy with 
fullness of meat, the wayfarers lay down on their backs 
and looked up at the sky, wishing for a cpach to come 
and carry them into the city. There wajs stvLVMasJ&K^^ 
enough overhead to engage the atteutioxv oi^^^^^*^^"^ 



2S0 Fairy Tales. 

AVaH it ]>088iblc that thus, when half asleep, he seized 
the tnie reading of two letters at ouce. The tremendi-ib 
possibility caiiscd him to leap to his feet. He tried one 
of tlieiii — the fourth of his line — and instantly a that- 
tsaixl IiorseH, harnessed to a chariot, galloped by. Ther 
halted when the chariot was abreast of Mackerel ana 
man. Their mouths were free; there "were no reins to 
guide thorn; and it was noticeable that when any of 
the magic coursers put their heads to the drygnjimi 
and o}>cncd their mouths, com or hay ran up between 
their teeth, and little water springs welled up wheR 
they wore thirsty. " The other letter," thought the 
Doctor, " must be right since this is right ; but as I 
get what I want by the thousand for each letter, and 
don't yet know anything more that I Ai'ant, let me keep 
it by mo for a little while." 

It is in common kindness to be expected that the per- 
son to whom this story is told should be told also wlwt 
is the sound of the letters, that, when spoken, will 
produce at once a dinner, or an equipage on this libenl 
scale. But the letters are those of a dead language that 
was never living among ordinary men, and known only 
to a most ancient race of sorcerers, whose mouths were 
like the mouths of fishes. The last survivor of that 
race — a thousand thousand years ago, — ^upon the day of 
his death caught a jMackerel, the only kind of fish 
having a mouth exactly fit for the pronouncing of his 
language. In dark letters he wrote with his &iger on 
the fish's back a line of power, as he died. The letters 
of this line, and of course also the line itself, only the 
mouth of a Mackerel can utter. It is for that reason 
that they cannot bo told in the story. 

Pescadillo undeibtooOi aXx^^.^^ «* \Xi<3vxaasx^ \KrQsgffiSK 



Tlie Lettered MaeJcerel 281 

H among which, tongues of horses were included. Ue 
^1 leamf, therefore, at once, from conversation with his 
It* stud, that he might trust them to do as he wished ; and 
ff by addressing them all clearly in their own language 
|U before starting upon any journey, he afterwards knew 
,j| bow to save himself all trouble of explanation when 

upon the road. As they galloped into the city of Picon 
uj by the Lake Picuda, there was a commotion on the 
g pavement, and a rush of bright eyes to the windows, 
g, The two eyes of a lovely Princess looked out of each of 
ja the ten windows of each of the hundred royal palaces. 
i|- As horse after horse galloped by in the same traces, and 

1 still no coach, but still more harnessed horses followed, 
J first there was a cry of joy for horse-riders ; because 
I clearly this was the troop of a grand circus entering 

the town. Then, as there came by still horses and 

I borses, the people cried there were too many horses, 

Ij for tbe land did not yield com to feed them, and even 

I if these riders brought so much com with them, they 

I should give it to the people who were hungry. At 

last, when the streets were full oi the horses, there 

appeared the chariot they drew, and in it was a common 

I fisherman, with a small fish. *' Yah ! " cried the mob. 

" Do you want all these horses," cried the kings in 

chorus, " to bring only one fish to market?" 

The Mackerel endeavoured with his harp and song to 
still tbe uproar, but in vain. There was no help for it ; 
he spoke his reserved fifth letter, and cried " Silence ! " 
There fell instantly upon the town a stillness as of 
night in the great desert when no wind stirs. Not 
even the rasp of a breath or the scrape of a foot was 
heard, though men seemed to be TaviI^^, i3ba\l^as\.^^«^^ 
stamping quite as macb as before. Isorw^^'st^l'st^^'^^ 



282 Fairy Tales. 

wonderful music was to be heard, and by it a few 
women were soothed. 

The horses, being at rest, began to feed heartily upon 
the corn they got out of the stones on the road, and a 
rush was made to their mouths. But the wise Doctor 
spoke his third letter, and there appeared the thousand 
dishes of hot meat, dancing about without hands to carry 
them, and thrusting themselves, ready carved, under 
everybody's hand. While the people fed — everyone 
getting the dinner he liked best— the Mackerel played 
music, and hoped within himself that the same letter 
by which he had enforced silence would have power to 
unloose from its own spell. It had. By uttering that 
letter, the most fortunate of fishes could stop any sound 
at will, and let it go again when he thought proper. 

A creature that could give such dinners had his own 
way entirely in the city and land of Picon. The 
hundred kings deposed themselves for love of him, de- 
clared him sole king, and themselves his viceroys. He 
changed the next letter he read into a thousand palaces 
of wonders, and in each there was a study, walled with 
looking glass, so that he worked with comfort at the 
writing on his back. Every new letter he learnt to 
utter crowned with thousandfold fulfilment the wish of 
the hour. The thousand Princesses vied for his love, 
but he began to see that he could not be happy with a 
thousand wives. His last letter, except the very last, 
he gave to the wish that the one thousand dear Prin- 
cesses could be all rolled into one. 

Then there was a sight to be seen ! Eoyal Princesses 
tumbling out of windows and doors, rolling about the 
streets like balls, every two that came together lost in 
one another, till the fhoMsan^ ^la^ ^iXV tcO^^^ Vi^j^^^^ 



The Lettered Mackerel. 283 

into one colossal damsel. Her the poor little fish was 
very proud to marry. He did not think himself small, 
and yet, being small, a large wife was entirely to his 
fancy. Even in common life we see the shrimps of men 
marrying whales of women. This couple was married 
in great state — the fisherman being groomsman to the 
Mackerel, and all her hundred fathers standing by to 
give away the bride. 

The wedding ball was so magnificent beyond belief, 
that King Pescadillo, in his brilliant court-, surrounded 
by his hundred kingly fathers-in-law, could not help 
thinking of the old days under water, where so much 
was thought of the Shark's ball, and when the friends 
of his youth laughed at him for staying at home to learn 
his letters. As he thought this, he looked at himself in 
the great mirrors on the wall. There was the one last 
letter nearest to his legs, his flush of triumph so quick- 
ened his wit, that he could read it at a glance, and 
whispered it unconsciously while he was wishing my 
Lord Shark were there to see what a state ball Lord 
Mackerel was giving. He looked up, and saw the ball- 
room walled with glass, behind which were a thousand 
sharks in sea-water glaring upon the company. The 
company was in extreme delight at this clever addition 
to its entertainment. 

Then the little Mackerers heart beat with exultation. 
" Something," he said to himself, " I know not what, is 
near. This is my wedding day, and on this day of all 
days I have finished reading the inscription on my 
back, letter by letter. If the power of the single letters 
be so great as to fulfil wish after wish, and tempt me 
on till 1 learn all, now that I know all, "vlcva.\» ^SJi.Xi^ 
the strength of the whole charm \" 



282 Fairy Tales. 

wonderful music was to be heard, and by it a few 
women were soothed. 

The horses, being at rest, began to feed heartily upon 
the corn they got out of the stones on the road, and a 
rush was made to their mouths. But the wise Doctor 
spoke his third letter, and there appeared the thousand 
dishes of hot meat, dancing about without hands to cany 
them, and thrusting themselves, ready carved, under 
everybody's hand. While the people fed — everyone 
getting the dinner he liked best— the Mackerel played 
music, and hoped within himself that the same letter 
by which he had enforced silence would have power to 
unloose from its own spell. It had. By uttering that 
letter, the most fortunate of fishes could stop any sound 
at will, and let it go again when he thought proper. 

A creature that could give such dinners had his own 
way entirely in the city and land of Picon. The 
hundred kings deposed themselves for love of him, de- 
clared him sole king, and themselves his viceroys. He 
changed the next letter he read into a thousand palaces 
of wonders, and in each there was a study, walled with 
looking glass, so that he worked with comfort at the 
writing on his back. Every new letter he learnt to 
utter crowned with thousandfold fulfilment the wish of 
the hour. The thousand Princesses vied for his love, 
but he began to see that he could not be happy with a 
thousand wives. His last letter, except the very last, 
he gave to the wish that the one thousand dear Prin- 
cesses could be all rolled into one. 

Then there was a sight to be seen ! Eoyal Princesses 
tumbling out of windows and doors, rolling about the 
streets like balls, every tvio t\i^\. o^xcife tc^^ether lost in 
one another, till the t\io\ift^xA 'W^ ^^)^ ^0^^^ Nfisg^sKx 



The Lettered Mackerel. 283 

into one colossal damsel. Her the poor little fish was 
very proud to marry. He did not think himself small, 
and yet, being small, a large wife was entirely to his 
fancy. Even in common life we see the shrimps of men 
marrying whales of women. This couple was married 
in great state — the fisherman being groomsman to the 
Mackerel, and all her hundred fathers standing by to 
give away the bride. 

The wedding ball was so magnificent beyond belief, 
that King Pescadillo, in his brilliant court, surrounded 
by his hundred kingly fathers-in-law, could not help 
thinking of the old days under water, where so much 
was thought of the Shark's ball, and when the friends 
of his youth laughed at him for staying at home to learn 
his letters. As he thought this, he looked at himself in 
the great mirrors on the wall. There was the one last 
letter nearest to his legs, his flush of triumph so quick- 
ened his wit, that he could read it at a glance, and 
whispered it unconsciously while he was wishing my 
Lord Shark were there to see what a state ball Lord 
Mackerel was giving. He looked up, and saw the ball- 
room walled with glass, behind which were a thousand 
sharks in sea-water glaring upon the company. The 
company was in extreme delight at this clever addition 
to its entertainment. 

Then the little Mackerel's heart beat with exultation. 
" Something," he said to himself, " I know not what, is 
near. This is my wedding day, and on this day of all 
days I have finished reading the inscription on my 
back, letter by letter. If the power of the single letters 
be so great as to fulfil wish after wish, and tempt me 
on till 1 learn all, now that I know all, vjlaa.^ ^V?^ X^'^ 
the strength of the whole charm \" 



284 Fairy Tales. 

Ah, cunning sorcerer, last of your line, you fellow 
who died a thousand thousand years ago, and on your 
hist day wrote upon a fish's back the ivord that would 
give you life again when it was spoken , yon had reason 
for being liberal in j'our rewards to the fish that would 
spell out that word for you ! 

The lioyal Pescadillo stood upon the stool before hK 
throne, and spoke the letter that compelled strict silence. 
Then, with panting sides, dread at the gi-eat unknown 
issue of his adventure tempering his trinmph, he gasped 
out the entire magic word ; and at the "word the giant 
sorcerer, with a great hairy fiice, of which the beard 
trailed behind his feet, entered the ball-room door. 
This might be right, thought Pescadillo, though hk 
little knees knocked at each other, and the thousand 
fingers of each hand twitched nervously. The cruel 
sorcerer advanced to the poor little fish, seized him. 
and thrust him into his great mouth as the first morsel 
to be eaten in his second courae of life. 

The first and last. He should not have been cruel. 
With his two thousand little fingers Pescadillo fastened 
to the hair about the monster's lip, and as he hnng there 
he dug with his two thousand little toes into the 
monster's throat, so that he could not bite, he could do 
nothing but cough and choke. And the wise Mackerel 
held tight. He would not be coughed up, though he 
was almost blown off his legs by the tremendous cough- 
ing. All the company had run away; nobody had 
stayed to see how the brave little Mackerel fought out 
his battle in the sorcerer's mouth, till the great wretcL. 
in a fit of choking, tripped over his own beard, reeled 
heavily against the glass ^alls, ^iid bioke through into 
the tank, where all the ShaT^ v^e^^ «w\sax»:\Yv^, 



I 



The Lettered Maekerd. 



285 



The Sharks soon finished the battle, and with a large 
rcerer to eat had no eyes for the little morsel of a 
flckerel, who seized his opportunity to slip away, and 
Q back with the stream of water to the sea from which 
had been raised by magic channels. 
And so Mackerel got safely home again. In ail his 
e he never read another line, and he warned all his 
lations to get through their lives as menily aa they 
are able, without ever inquiring what they carried on 
eir backs. " Not for thousands," he said, " would he 
mBelf have been so curious had he known everything 
hen he began his studies! " 




286 Fairy Tdes. 



^ m!)5ine of i^fg^t anDr m^t. 

Pride parted them. They were immortal bom. 
Twin children of Eternity. Their bcmd 

Of strength was in their brotherhood. But scorn 
Of an associate too meek and fond 

L^ft the soft sister in a glen, forlorn, 

To sing, and hope, — for Truth cannot despond, — 

When Dynamis, departing from her side. 

Went forth by despots to be deified. 

At birth to her this deathless attribute 

Of constancy, the great Creator gave. 
When her twin brother in the bold pursuit 

Of action suffered, she was made to save ; — 
She to exist, and he to execute 

Heaven's will beneath her guidance. Ever brave 
But often building up the cause of wrong. 
Only Alethe made his building strong. 

With even pace, and ever slowly, moved 

The maiden, constant to her forward way ; 
. While Dynamis with rapid impulse roved. 
And often from his sister's path would stray. 

Him found fatigued, she lovingly reproved. 
And, while he slept, upon the road would stay 

'^J'o watch his slumber, and with song and kiss 

"^1 o bring refreshment to her Dynamis. 

His strength of hand, to aid her strength of heart, 

Alethe needed in her wandering, 
Nor ever could she from one spot depart 

Unless with her that brother she might bring, 
But, waiting till he should from sleep upstart. 

Beneath the night her music she would sing. 
Where he deserted "hex a\ie^o\xViLX«\sm\!L^ 
Hoping, until b.e caine to \iet a.^^\w. 



\ 




TIGEESCLAW. 



Z'.v.AQaY and barren dales, through which only fine 
threads of water came, entangled among etones ; dry 
aiountain aides jagged with the broken lines of dried-up 
vater-courseB ; crags of basalt and granite overhanging 
leep ravines ; sharp mountain ridges and fantastic peaks, 
vere the chief features of the land over which Tigers- 
l^w was ruler. He was the prince of a barbario tqa^ 
f men, and bad bis couii in a. gteat "palaae^rfi'sa. wiX tt\ 



288 Fairy Tales. 

a mountain. In his boyhood, when his father reigned, 
a tiger had leaped down upon him and had been seized 
by him, with naked hands and arms. The beast was 
vanquished in that wrestle, and the boy returned tri- 
umphant to his father's court, carrying a fore-leg of the 
dead tiger, wrenched out of its socket at the shoulder- 
joint. The tiger's leg, straightened and dried, with 
claws outspread, became thenceforth the war-club of the 
prince. It was alike terrible as his war-club and as his 
sceptre, when he ibecame the only master of his nation. 

The men subject to Tigersclaw were, like himself, 
fiercer and more stalwart than men of other races ; they 
were keen-eyed, hook-nosed, and largely bearded. Their 
long black-hair, coarse and straight, fell across backs 
and shoulders covered with the skins of beasts of prey, 
in which alone these warriors clothed themselves. No 
man might wear a skin that he had not stripped from a 
beast of his own slaying. He who could not master a 
leopard, would chase the wild cat. But they ranked 
highest in the state whoso loins were furry with the 
skins of lions, tigers, or, chief dignity of all, were plated 
with impenetrable dragon- scales. 

That was an honour won by few. If dragons were 
not very rare, all life but their own would wither in the 
pestilence they breathe out of their nostrils. Tigers- 
claw having slain one dragon, had journeyed into a fair 
land to destroy another, and thereby assure to himself 
his rank in his own kingdom. Of the livid scales of the 
first dragon, shining still by their own baleful light, 
there had been made for his huge limbs the armour 
that he never put aside ; and over this he carried, when 
at home, a robe and train ma.d^ oi iViOi blood-red plumage 
of the other dragon. It \isi^ \i^^w ^ 'i^^'Ou^^^^xsY^^pft&Kjs^, 



290 Fairy Tales. 

their own wild black hair a lion's mane, upon a hide 
clasped to their backs by the two fore-feet joined about 
the throat. Their eyes were bloodshot and their ges- 
tures fierce. A troop of plunderers, some upon camels, 
few upon horses, many on foot, entered the hall to pro- 
duce their prey. There were a dozen prisoners, and 
some beads of cattle, with but little grain or other 
wealth, for the surrounding countries had already been 
devastated far and wide by Tigersclaw's ^?rild hordes, 
eager to find abroad the riches that had been denied to 
their own land. The men of this troop panted, and 
their eyes also were bloodshot. 

" Ho ! " roared Tigersclaw. " When yon were sent 
to find water, do you bring me only slaves and oxen?" 

*' My lord," said a wUd fellow on a dromedary, " we 
found water." 

" Your water skins are empty," thundered the King, 
clutching his club. " You mock ; you die." 

" Stay, my lord," said the chief of the band, putting a 
young woman forward. " This is the culprit." 

Tigersclaw lightened when he saw her in her loose 
blue robe, and her fair flowing locks, standing forward 
from among his wild men, frail and fearless. 

" Ha!" he said. "You are to be my prisoner? Tell 
me her crime." 

" We found," said the captain, " a full fresh stream in 
a glade beyond the frontier, and when we went to fill 
our skins, this girl was bathing in it. So we haled her 
out, and it may be she was beaten. 'When we went to 
get our water the stream had run dry. What is she 
but a cursor of the water-springs?" 

" You do not ilmcVi, ^\y\. \^ \\!ik true?" the King 

asked, fiercely. 



Tiffersclaw. 291 



i( 



True, to the best of his knowledge,** said the pri- 
soner. 

♦' You seem not to be made of trembling stuff." 

" Yes I am, rather." 

"Your name?" 

"Rill." 

At a sign from Tigersclaw, the girl was led ronnd his 
chair. He seized his club and scowled at her as. she 
passed it smiling; but she followed her grim guides 
into one of the cells beyond the grating. The King 
then drank from a small tank of water in the middle of 
the hall ; each captain drank as much as could be lifted 
in the hollow of his hand before retiring from the 
audience, and the common soldiers went thirsty as they 
came. 

Then Tigersclaw, wrathful at the slippery trick she 
had played his men, piqued by her mocking air, and 
somewhat attracted by the sparkle of her beauty, went 
up to the dungeon of his captive Rill. 

*' At last," said Rill, " you wait upon me." 

" Yes," answered the Dragon King. " I. and ray 
club." 

** Well said, my friend. You and your club. I will 
find good use for your club." 

- " That I find ready to my hand," said Tigersclaw, 
furiously swinging his great weapon and aiming a death- 
stroke at the head of his prisoner. The club, as it 
struck, only splashed water on the wall. 

** Now," said Rill, " you have knocked on the head 
the best chance of a comfortable life, that ever came in 
the way of a King of tiger-skinners. Out of my path, I 
am going.'' 

Tigersclaw did step back as the ftoor q^ V\^ ^s^ ^s^^- 



292 Fairy Tales. 

denly melted into water under Bill's feet,' and the "water 
rising, poured down into his great hall. The. maid 
passed out lightly on its surface, and the King — eager 
to drink, eager to strike again — partly pursued, partly 
was diiven in pursuit, by the descending torrent. The 
waters rose in the hall, eddied among his ancestral 
tapestries, and swept every skin from the 'walls. As he 
was lifted from his feet, and clung for support to the 
canopy above the royal settle, that sacred chair began 
to dance upon the whirlpool poiwing down behind it, 
and dashed foi-waid. in mid- current. Upon this Rill 
leapt, and swiftly rode upon it. The royal skins danced 
in its wake, bobbing up and down in the great swirl of 
water like a shoal of porpoises. So they sped beyond 
the gates of the mountain, with a roar and a rush 
through the dale, and down, at last, through a dark 
yawning hole, to the abysses of the earth. All the 
water that had risen, following the same course, ran 
away, and was lost in the same unfathomable gulf, that 
was as a great well suddenly struck open by the force 
of nature. Not a drop of all the water that had rinsed 
his palace remained anywhere to comfort Tigersclaw, or 
any of his subjects. 

For a week, Tigersclaw raged with an ungovernable 
fur}-. He caused rocks and stones to be hurled con- 
tinually down the gulf, into which Rill had disappeared. 
But this was thirsty work. The few streams that had 
been trickling in his land dried up. Tigersclaw fell 
into madness, and when he had ceased throwing stones, he 
suddenly cast himself also, club in hand, into the welL 

Through the water at the bottom, by which the shock 
of his fall was broken, h(i d^^t^ixid^d into a cell that 
i««embled one of liis ovfn ^oXauc^ ^\>?a%^wi'e» n^&S\-^ ^\«. \ 



Tigersdaw. 293 

larged, and having water in the place of stone for walls 
and roof. But it was nearly filled with the huge heap 
of all the stones that had been cast down by his orders. 
The dive through the water, of which, in his passage, 
not a little found its w£),y into his stomach, and soaked 
through the pores of his dry skin, refreshed and soothed 
the tyrant, whom thirst had been torturing. He sat 
upon the heap of stones, lejoicing at the moisture that 
ipras on him, in him, and about him, when Eill entered. 

*' Again," she said, "you and your club. Well?" 

'* Prisoner Rill," said Tigersclaw ; " that water seems 
to have washed something out of me. You are no longer 
my prisoner, and I am yours." 

" This," said Eill, " is the particular well, at the 
bottom of which Truth lies. It is generally known 
that Truth lies at the bottom of a well, and many wells 
have been searched, in hope that one of them might 
prove to be THE well, into which it is your good fortune 
to have jumped." 

" I have been a fool," said the grim King. " Drown 
me, Rill." 

" First let me hear why you think yourself a fool." 

** I have been feeding prisoners, when we had not 
enough of food and water for ourselves." 

" So you would kill your prisoners if you got back 
into your palace r " 

" I would set them free, give them fair, honest words 
at parting, and recover, through them, some pf the rich 
neighbours I have lost." 

" That you might be able to plunder them again?" 

** That we might exchange help with each other. 
Drown me, Rill. I had a fool's pride in tjcl^ %\x^\v^^t* 

"And now you scorn it ? " 



294 Fairy Tales. 

" No, I do not. Now I feel that it was tlie root of 
peace, from which I tortured but a sickly growth of 
war. Rill, when I look at you, I think you mean it to be 
well with me. You flooded my palace. You can let the 
water-courses loose over my land. And let me also loose." 

'* As for you," said the Fairy, " look to this mountaio 
of stones liurled down upon me in a six days' shower. I 
shall send you up again <o your own people. If you 
really do dismiss your prisoners, as you have said, then 
you will only have to carry all those stones out of the well 
again with your own hands, in order to secure my help." 

" You mock," said Tigersclaw. " Woe's me ! That 
is a work of thirty years." 

"With industry, it can bo achieved, I think, in 
twenty. Many a nobler man than Tigersclaw has 
laboured all his life in work that seemed to be as finit- 
less, and has longed in vain to see before he died his 
hope achieved, in the unsealing of the water-springs for 
which he thirsted. But I have pity on you, who were 
pitiless; my easy terms shall be made easier. While 
you submit faithfully, and toil for the well-being of 
your country, one brook, at least, shall always flow for 
the refreshment of its people." 

Very potent, indeed, was the water of the well ; and 
Tigersclaw submitted to the Fairy. Having been lifted 
to the well's edge by a rising spring, he went directly 
to his palace, and dismissed, with friendly words, his 
prisoners of war. Then, slinging a large pouch over 
his dragon scales before him and behind him, he became 
as a bucket that descended and ascended fifty times a 
day, bringing back from the bottom of the well, at each 
aticen t, as large a burden oi 6>\.oiife^ ^^ \i\^ X^T^N^my limhs 
could bear. A rill, tbal grevi mVo ^ V\N^x,-«waA\j& 



Tigerscldw, 295 

• 

-way across his land, and begot herbage on its banks. 
While his tiger club rested against a stone by the well's 
month, for twenty years the rough King laboured daily , 
in the well of Truth, and brought up stones. But the 
last load of stones was followed by a spring that floated 
lip the royal settle, and a wet heap of the skins of beasts. 

*' There is your throne ieigain," the Fairy said, "and 
all your tapestry. . You may chop that up to enrich the 
fields, for which you will, in the next place, have to pay 
me homage." 

" Homage, what homage ?'* 

*' When you and your club waited on me," answered 
Eill, " I promised -to find good use for your club. Every 
year, in the spring time, the first acre of ground that is 
sown shall solemnly be raked with that claw by the 
King's own hands, in the presence of the chief men of 
the State. By that homage you, and those who shall 
come after you upon this settle, hold what you receive 
of me. Is it agreed ? " 

" Fairy, you are my counsellor,*' said TigeHriaw. 

"Then go up to the summit of your mountain palace, 
and assemble there your captains." 

The king did so. From that lofty peak there. ;wras a 
wide prospect of dry, stony mountain sides, criags of 
basalt overhanging waterless ravines, fantastic peaks, and 
the one green dale through which flowed the Fairy river 
given to the warriors of the wilderness. The afternoon 
sun in a sultry sky scorched the King's cheek; while, 
even upon the peaks, or in the barren hollows„there was 
not a breath of wind astir. Presently, a sound was 
beneath the King's feet, as of plash of sea in summer- 
time within a cavern. The open dun^eoua vf«^^ ^\L 
Booded, and out of the rat-holea, "by vf\i\<i^'\A^Qj^^Si.^^^ 



296 Fairy Tales. 

had entered them, water poured down over the surface 
of the mountain. Then, far and near, the twisted 
torrents sparkled in the sun, as they leapt from the 
height of stony precipices. A deluge beat down heavily 
from Ji black rock that overhung the stony valley, near 
the palace gates. It roused the echoes with its booming, 
and the mist that was about its chaos filled the air below 
the King's feet with a rainbow glor}'. Then, as far as 
eye could reach, the whole of the wild country was 
seen covered with a silver network of broad rills. 
Everywhere the hearts of the wild hunters leapt when 
they heard in their deserts the bubbling, and the rip- 
pling, and the gurgling of the running streams. 

By this gift, of course, the face of nature became 
changed. The grizzly and now venerable King, when 
the fii-st grain had been sown on watered ground, 
solemnly raked an acre of soil with his tiger's- claw. His 
subjects, little used to arts of peace, made huge clubs 
with clawed ends, after the model of that used by their 
chief. These were for centuries the only rakes or 
harrows used upon that land. 

Tigersclaw died, and was buried by a running stream. 
Kings, who succeeded him, governed a strong-limbed, 
peaceful race, brawny with toil, and rich in all its pro- 
duce. Neighbours multiplied, and lived with it in 
friendly commerce, till a distant predatory chief heard 
how this race, once terrible in war, was, at last, wholly 
occupied with its own industry, and had made even a 
clod-crusher of the historic Tigersclaw. Then a fierce 
horde advanced on what was thought to be an undefended 
land. But, at a word, every man's rake became his club^ 
and, in a month, the land of ^e^aiCQ held every invader 
crushed among its clods. 



DROPPED FROM THE CLOUDS. 



Far in the West there is a land, mountainoiiB and bright 
of hue, ■wherein the rivers run with liquid light; the 
soil is all of yellow gold; the grass and foliage are of 
resplendent criiusun ; where the atmosphere is partly 
of a soft green tint, and partly azure. Sometimes, on 
Bumiuer eTenings, we see this land ; and then, because 
<»ir ignorance must refer all things that we, «ftia \» wsvoa- 
thing that we know, we say it ia a masB v>1 d«swiatwi&» 



298 Fairy Tales. 

beautiful by sunset colours. We accoiint for it meteoro- 
logically, while the very children know that this glorious 
land is a world inhabited by Fairies. Few among 
Fairies take more interest in man's affairs than those 
flighty Cloud-Country people. 

Hundreds of years ago, there were great revels held 
one evening in the palace of King Cumulus, the mon- 
arch of the western country. Cirrha, the daughter of 
the King, was to elect her future husband from a multi- 
tude of suitors. Cirrha was a maiden, delicate and 
pure, with a skin white as unfallen snow; but colder 
than the snow her heart had seemed to all who sought 
for her affections. When Cirrha floated gracefully and 
slowly through her father's hall, many a little cloud 
would start up presently to tread where she had trodden. 
The winds also pursued her; and even men looked forth 
admiringly whenever she stepped forth into their sky. 
To be sure, they called her Mackerel and Cat's Tail, 
just as they call her father Ball of Cotton ; for the race 
of man is a coarse race, and calling bad names appears 
to be a great part of its business here below. Before 
the revels were concluded the King ordered a quiet 
little wind to run among the guests, and bid them all 
come close to him and to his daughter. Then he spoke 
to them as follows : — 

** Worthy friends ! there are among you many suitore 
to my daughter Cirrha, who is pledged this evening to 
choose a husband. She bids me tell you that she loves 
you all; but, since it is desirable that this, our Royal 
House, be strengthened by a fit alliance with some 
foreign power, she has resolved to take as husband one 
of those guests who have coTa.^ h-vther from the princi- 
pality of Nimbus." "Now, li^imWa \«. >Cti^\. ^nsssXx^^^^ 



Dropped fr(yn^ tJie Clouds. 299 

seldom visible from some parts of our eaiiih, which we 
have called the Eain Cloud. "The subjects of the 
Prince of Nimbus," Cumulus continued, "are a dark race, 
it is true, but they are famed for their beneficence." 

Two winds, at this point, raised between themselves 
a great disturbance, so that there arose a universal 
cry that somebody should turn them out. With much 
trouble they were driven out from the assembly ; there- 
upon, quite mad with jealousy and disappointment, they 
went howling off to sea, where they played pool-billiards 
with a fleet of ships, and so forgot their sorrow. 

King Cumulus resumed his speech ; and the purport 
of what else he had to say was, that his daughter meant 
to marry the first Knight who would accomplish an 
adventure for her sake. Two noble fellows, with black 
floating pennons, Nebulus and Nubis, instantly came 
forward. Then said Cinha, " The first who have offered 
shall be first to go. Look down upon earth at yonder 
youth, who sits in a desert, with his head between his 
hands. He has been gazing up at us for the last hour. 
They call him Kicotine, and he is hopelessly in love with 
Princess Bascaril la. From my height in the sky I have 
often seen him sit all day long, moping in the desert 
Now, go — ^both go — and I belong to him who first makes 
that youth hiisband to his idol." 

Disconsolate Nicotine had fled the world, and lived 
upon sand, in a small hermitage no bigger than a kennel. 
To gaze at the clouds while longing for his Bascarilla, 
was the only occupation left to him in life. He was 
sitting on the sand outside his kennel, worshipping the 
gorgeous colours in the clouds about the setting sun, 
sighing and dreaming.. When he saw \\i^ V-^^xsX. \sJCv\a 
w'lnds rush out to sea, it occurred to \iV«i ^-aX^iXxK^ ^^^'ev 



SOO Fmry Tales. 

prophesying change of weather, and " Alas ! " he said, 
" no wind blows change into the settled gloom of mv 
unhappy life. Upon my head no blessed rain descends ! " 
But as he spoke, he was laid prostrate by a cataract. 
Nebulus and Nubis both came down npon him, fighting 
and spitting fire at one another by the way, each eager 
to be first upon the ground. Nicotine, sopped to the 
skin, lifted his head from the ground into the thickest 
and the wettest fog that ever choked a throat. But the 
fog parted into the shape of a couple of swarthy -looking 
people, who both bowed to him and begged a thousand 
pardons for having dropped upon him with so little 
ceremony. 

" Is the Princess Bascarilla well ? " asked Nebulus, hut 
Xubis then spat fire and dug an elbow into his friend's 
rib ; upon which there was instantly a great rumbling 
inside him. Nicotine answered nothing. He well 
knew himself to be the sport of all the elements. Wet 
and forlorn, he fled into his hovel and made fast the 
door against his friends. Moreover that, in spite of bolts 
and bars, they might not still break in, he stopped up all 
the holes there were in walls and roof, with gloves, coats, 
waistcoats, handkerchiefs, and stockings. Nebiilus and 

■ 

Nubis waited outside in the form of settled mist, and 
the youth dwelt in darkness, feeding upOn dreams of 
love. 

. But by day and night the quarrelling of his two 
friends kept up a din about the doors. They elbowed 
each other, thundering and spitting lightnings, till they 
set fire to the thatch and burnt the poor boy's roof over 
his head. But at a beck from Cirrha, who was watching 
their behaviour from a Bwmme>\' feky, the two clouds, like 
huge, black birds, spread tW\T V\t\^% V\^^^tA^^'^ns^^, 



Brojpped from the Clouds, 301 

Sghiing as they rose. Then Nicotine saw that although 
the hermitage was burnt, the ground about it, because of 
:he dew in which it had so long been bathed, was 
3hanged into a delicious garden. 

Far over his head, Cirrha was admonishing her 
mights, and telling them that since they would not 
jerve together peacefully, they must needs serve in 
mm. A day should be appointed for a tournament 
n the blue fields above. ^ The victor in the tour- 
lament should have the first chance of her hand, by 
5oing first to the relief of the disconsolate young 
nortal. 

What marvel there was in the land when it was known 
hat the youth, who had been sa long under a cloud, was 
he owner of a Paradise of fruits and flowers ! All the 
vorld raised the dust of the desert on its march to 
Nicotine's Oasis. Oranges there ripened with the apple, 
liere were figs, and peaches, and pomegranates. There 
vfere caetuses, and there was even a great aloe in full 
)lossom, there were roses, and lilies, and daflfidowndillies, 
>f which all who came might gather. Nicotine cared not. 
L'he garden was inexhaustible. He was the Prince of 
gardeners, said the whole woild. But he only sat in the 
tharred ruin of his kennel, which the growth of ivy had 
hanged into the most picturesque of garden ornaments, 
le seldom spoke, but if he spoke at all he scolded. Was 
he Prince of Gardeners a rank that entitled him to wed 
he high-born Princess Bascarilla ? 

She also came to walk among his flowers and to taste 
lis fmit. She dressed and behaved according to the 
>erfect fiishiuii of her day, and to pay a visit to Nicotine's 
)asi8 was a duty that society imposed u^on k^w TVjkR^ 
outh opened hin eyes when, surrounded \>'^' \,eti. \5asw\\^wcv^ 



302 Fairy Tales. 

small black pages, every one ringing a peal of silver 
bells and followed by an innumerable flock of Italian 
greyhounds, she also came to pick his roses and to enrich 
her lips with the ripe juices of his fruits. "When she 
came into his garden, he opened his eyes "wide, and until 
she left, not even when she stood for half an hour to 
look at him, his round e^^es never winked. He heard 
her praise him as she would have praised an owl. 
How could he startle her by^crying, " Bascarilla, be my 
own I " 

Then came the ladies in waiting, chattering among 
themselves about a great battle then impending, upon 
the issue of which hung the fate of King Binchona's 
crown and kingdom. Though King Binchona was the 
father of the princess, these ladies chattered about his 
threatened overthrow as if they were but chattering 
about the w^eather. Very soon, indeed, it was about the 
weather only that they chattered. For into a ring that 
had been forming in the sky, there rushed from opposite 
sides two angr}'' rain-clouds, thundering against each 
other. There was a frightful battle up above, blood 
poured like rain, or rain like blood, and the maids of 
honour scampered away to their palfreys, and their 
litters, and their coaches. There was a procession of 
them ten miles long, but when the last woman had 
followed in its rear, the battle in the sky was rao-ing 
still. At last there was a pause in strife, a stir among < 
the masses of the clouds. Presently a mighty wind 
whistled by Nicotine, and the dark Cloud-giant Nebulus 
stood in his garden. " I have fought and am the 
vanquisher," he said, *' Command me, man. I c€in be, 
do, or suffer auylhing to seive yo\i." 
'* You have vanqnisVifc^ m tV^ ^^T «a^.\ "Osy*^ ^<sv^v \ 



Dropped from the Clouds. 303 

suddenly inspired, '* Conquer on eartt. I am desperate, 
I know not who yon are or what you want with me. 
Destroy me if you must, hut if 3'ou will, as you say, he 
anything or do anything to serve me, then he a War* 
horse and carry me to the hattle which decides the fate 
of king Binchona. Barh my spear with your lightnings, 
<5lothe my right arm with your thunder." 

"Eight!" said the Cloud. "My mistress hids me 
help you to wed Bascarilla; her praises have resounded 
through the sky, and we all know that she is daughter 
to Binchona. It is welh I am a war-horse." 

He was a hlack war-horse, with dripping sides and 
flashing eyes, and steaming nostrils. Swift as the wind 
he carried reckless Nicotine across the desert. Scenting 
it from afar, he horo down on the strife that was already 
hegun. They met the flying troops of King Binchona. 
The youth caught a lance that was hurled after them, 
and thundered down on the pursuing enemy. Electrical 
was the effect of his voice. Eveiy man's hair stood up- 
right when he raised his war-cry, " Ho, for Bascarilla I" 
Convulsed with terror, the whole army of the enemy 
fell flat, every man with his face upon the ground,' 
while Nicotine, upon his steaming war-horse, sat in the 
midst of the vanquished, hrandishing his spear. The 
army of the King having returned, picked up and hound 
the prisoners. The numher of them was nine hundred 
thousand seven hundred and three. Not a man escaped. 
Then singing martial songs, the conquerors marched 
home, with their deliverer, towards the capital. 

But there the populace, delirious with joy, rang all 
their bells until they cracked them, and played all their 
Addles until there was not left one foot oi -wVvsAfe ^"?>i^^^5^ 
In the city. On his magnificent laors^, ^oxSSva^ ^c^ 



304 Fairy Tales. 

with the tenor of its thunder. Nicotine' rode througb 
the streets, hardly seeing the crowds at the windows 
through the upcast caps, and hearing nothing where the 
air, for a mile high, was choked with sound. 

Into the grand square hefbre the palace the King and 
his daughter, in their hest array — ^he crusty with jewels, 
and she gay with flowers — came forward to greet Kico- 
tine as the Sword of his Country, When the hero 
reached the centre of the square, a noble youth, in 
simple herdsman's dress, with lightning glances, and 
an arm that seemed to wield the thunders of Olympus, 
her heart leapt, and she whispered to her father, " Let 
him he my own." The sun of fortune shone as brightly 
over Nicotine as the sun that was glowing in a dark- 
blue sky, flecked only by a, single cat's-tail cloudlet; 
but, alas, for him ! that cloudlet was Cirrha. 

Cirrha was cold of heart, and not yet minded to he- 
(^ome the wife of Nebulus. When, therefore, she saw 
tliat he was on the point of accomplishing the adventure 
by which she was to be won, she played him a cat's 
trick. While Nicotine gazed at a Princess on earth, 
Nebulus, equally in love, pranced under him, rearing 
his head to gaze up at his Princess in the sky. Sud- 
denly, Cirrha smiled at him, and beckoned. She was 
irre>istible, and knew it. In an instant, therefore, up 
the deluded Cloud went — horse no longer — in the form 
of a waterspout, carrying Nicotine with him, rolling up 
headover heels, in the very moment when his cup of 
happiness was at his lips. So he was dropped into a 
great bramble-bush outside the town. 

" It is a great enchanter, who has helped us," said 
the King. 

" Woe's me," said "BascaiiW^L. ^^ ^^ V^^& ^sa^xrv^ ^^ 

mjr heart." 



Dropped from the Clouds. 305 

Nicotine lay for some time dripping in the bramble- 
bush, and did not see how his friend Nebulus sailed off 
to the north-east in dudgeon, when he found his mistress 
only laughing at the ease with which he had been 
duped. Nubis came forward instantly io take his turn 
as an adventurer. " Daughter of Ball of Cotton, I am 
warned," said Nubis. " You will endeavour, no doubt, 
to cheat me also." 

" 0, yes," said Cirrha ; " I am bound in honour to 
attempt it. Nebnlus might well chide if I did not." 

" Nebulus chide," said the jealous Cloud, looking his 
cloudiest. " No matter ; I will win you, mistress. See 
that you hold by yonr word." 

Cirrha looked at him coldly, and bade him begone. 
What right had he to doubt the good faith of an Empy- 
rean Princess ! 

Nubis, rightly believing that the youth would feel 
a little sore, stole on him gently in his bramble-bush in 
the form of a light evening mist. Then taking the 
shape of a cloud figure, through which moonlight shone, 
he said, " Sure help I bring you. Nicotine. Remember 
how I fought on your behalf against the traitor Nebulus. 
I knew him able to achieve only disasters. Let me 
take you from among the brambles." 

" Off ! Touch me not," said Nicotine. *' This bramble- 
bush henceforth shall be my bed. Here I will undergo 
a life-long penance for my trust in vapour. Friendship, 
earth, life, hope, everything is vapour. You are as 
solid as the solidest ; but 1 will none of you." 

The vapour passed into the figure of a young and 
handsome maiden, in a cloud of soft, white muslin 
robes. 

''Hear reason. Nicotine," it said. ^''To\yj:\\\^^<^'^*^ 



306 Fairy Tales. 

your maiTiage, I shall do better to deal as a woman with 
the Princess, than as a man with you, for you are trouble- 
some and foolish. I shall go now to the palace and 
attend upon the peraon of your Bascarilla as her waiting 
maid. I will obtain her confidenc5e, win her to you, 
and cause you to be brought to town in triumph again; 
not with the procession of an army, but among young 
maidens who strew roses before you, through streets 
hung with lace and garlanded with orange-blossom, 
while there shall be new bells in all the churches to 
ring for your wedding. Go back to your hermitage and 
there await me. When the moon is again full, i shall 
come to you there, and bring a summons in the first 
love-letter from the Princess Bascarilla." Having said 
these words, Xubis floated as a wreath of mist over the 
city walls, and passed into the chamber of the Princess 
through the window, which in summer nights was 
always open. 

Bascarilla slept and did not awake until morning, 
when she saw a new lady of the bedchamber sitting 
beside her pillow, dressed in many folds of the most 
exquisite white muslin, weeping silently. " Who are 
you ?" she asked. 

" Suffer me," answered Xubis, '* to attend on one who 
is beloved by the lord of all my fortunes." 

"What lord?" 

" Nicotine ! Let me serve you, that I may serve him. 
He loves you and he lives." The tears rained down the 
dark cheeks of the now handmaid, and, during the whole 
month of her residence within the palace, water poured 
out at her eyes. 

"Who are you?" again a^kad IhG Princess. "Are 
you highborn?" 



Dropped from the Clovds, 307 

" Very. Of as high descent as any tipon eartK. And 
yet I serve you. If you will call me sister Nubis, I 
will call you sister Nubilis, which means, I think, ready 
for marriage.'* 

Nicotine crawled back to his garden and sat there in 
the old den, looking out for a full moon. Nubis won 
sisterly confidence from Nubilis, who sought in vain to 
dry her eyes. 

" I think it odd," said Nubilis one day to Nubis, " that 
you always wear clean muslin dresses and yet brought 
no wardrobe with you, spend all your days with me 
and send no clothes whatever to the wash. Do you get 
up your fine linen by moonlight? Confess, dear; you 
are a Fairy, are you not? Enemy, of course, to the 
wicked enchanter who carried Nicotine off in a water- 
spout." 

" His enemy for ever ! " said Nubis fiercely, and with 
the flash of her eyes then burnt a hole in the Princess's 
bodice. Bascarilla screamed, for the fire touched her 
side. The King came to the rescue, but the Princess 
taking her friend's hand, said, " I always felt it, now I 
feel more acutely than ever, that this is no common 
person, royal father. She can defeat his enemy and 
bring again to us the hero by whom our enemies have 
been defeated for us. I demand of her my husband." 

" What does the King say?" Nubis asked. 

" Let me be sure that it is he. Let him enter again 
on his black war-horse to claim Bascarilla, and I will * 
have the bells restored in all the steeples to ring 
wedding peals for him. With my daughter's hand he 
shall have for his slaves all the prisoners he lately took, 
to the number of nine hundred thousand %^n^tiWxAx^$sc - 
and three, and the reversion of my 'klm^doxsx^r 



308 Fairy Tales. 

" It shall be so," said Nubis. " On the eve of the full 
moon, let me receive a letter from the Princess Basca- 
rilla calling Nicotine, Sword of the Kingdom, to her 
side, and on the night of the full moon he shall receive 
it.* For the day following get ready your bells, prepare 
your festival. On his black war-horse Nicotine again 
shall thunder in your streets." 

[" ril be a horse indeed," thought the cloud to him- 
self. '* As for that fellow Nebulus, he was an ass ! "] 

On the eve of the full moon, Bascarilla Nubilis indited 
a delightful letter, calling Nicotine to shelter her for 
ever in his arms, and gave it to her friend. Then it 
was seen that Nubis was truly a fi^iry of great power, 
for she put the letter in her bosom, spread her muslin 
skirts, and floating out of window passed as a light mist 
over the city walls. Malicious Cirrha beckoned plea- 
santly to Nebulus, who sulked in the north-eaistern 
corner of the sky, and the poor, heavy, credulous, brave 
cloud was at her side again, this time to be received 
with smiles and tempted to endearment. 

Nubis, floating towards the desert, saw the felse- 
hearted Cirrha dancing by his rival's side, and instantly 
becoming black as night, exploded in fierce wrath as he 
rushed up to separate the lovers, but he found his mis- 
tress only laughing at the ease with which he had been 
duped. And to this day she is cold as an icicle, a 
maiden Princess among summer clouds. She sent one 
of her foot pages, a mischievous little breeze, to blow 
before him a film of burnt paper,— all that was left of 
Bascarilla's note after the flash of its bearer's wrath,— 
and flutter it to the feet of Nicotine, while he sat in his 
ivy tod under the lig,ht of t\i^ ^owwd moon, waiting for 



Dropped from ilie Clouds. 309 

In the great city, a feast was made, but only the cooks 
ate it. Nicotine sat during all hie days and nights 
expectant in the desert, more eepecially expectant at 
the seasons of foil moon, but his desire never was satis- 
fied. He lived in this manner for fifty years, ponder- 
ing over hia ill-luck. At the end of that time he 
engraved upon a wall the result of all his meditations : — 
£ am in a ^fag. 




310 Fairy Tales. 



DICK AND DOLL. 



Dick and Doll were the best friends till they married. 
Then, 

" I will go east," said Dick. 

'* I will go west," said Doll. 

" And we will never see each other more ! " 

" And we will never see each other more ! ** 

So Dick, going to the uttermost East, was half-wrecked 
in the sea, and was half-baked on the land, half-eaten 
by the insects, and half-stripped of all he had, before he 
got into a desert at his journey's end. 

And Doll, going to the uttermost West, went to the 
bottom of the sea, but floated up to be wounded on land 
with a hundred arrows, to be stripped of all but the 
rags left her in charity, and to walk the skin off her feet 
in getting to the desert at her journey's end. There 
she saw, in the twilight of the wilderness, a man limping 
towards her. • They both limped on, till they came 
together, and stood face to face. 

** What, Dick ! " said Doll. '* Is it thou, man ? Then 
it seems that the big round world is not to part us ?" 

" It seems not," said Dick ; " and so what say you, 
Doll ? I think we may as well go home together." 

" To part from each other never more ! " 

** To part from each other never more ! " 




ELAN THE AEMOUBER. 



Whrre no ship is sailing, and no bird is djing, fur 
away from all land, the great waves mingle their fijam 
with the low, scudding clouds. Sea and aii break in 
storm agaioht each other. The lightning leaps over 
the rolling hills of water ; over the falling hill-to?a ibe 
wind MaaeB and the thimder-craBt iewi«n&& -, "VvA. '^'*- 



812 Fairy Tales. 

hills fall to rise as mountains, and the monntains ribe 
to be dashed through the sky in powder by the fierce 
stroke of the gale. The roar of the beaten water, and 
the hiss of the foam swept by the hurricane into the 
upper sky, are as a whisper to the thunder-peals that 
crack as if the globe itself were being rent in twain. 

There is a red gleam tossing between heaven and 
earth. It cannot be a ship's light, for no ship could 
live in such a g^le. The lightning flashes into it ; the 
thunder rattles over it. The water beats it up into 
the battling clouds, and leaves it to fall back into the 
depths ; but the hills of the sea do not cover it. Out 
of the lowest abyss it mounts again, and grows as a 
fire. It is a floating forgo fire, and a mighty anvil rides 
beside it, upon which a giant beats. The giant's calm 
face and his yellow hair, dragged by the wind, are 
ruddy in the blaze of his own furuace. The flame of 
the forge flickers on his naked arm as, when it is raised, 
the hammer-head plunges among the thunder-clouds 
before it falls upon the armour he is shaping. That is 
Elan who rides the Waters, terrible in strength. 

Of his strength, the sea-nymphs are enamoured. In 
calm weather, they play about his forge and delight 
more in the ring of his hammer through the v^ult of 
heaven than in softest music of the syrens. 

From afar over the waves, the sound of the hammer 
could be heard on the shores of the kingdom of Cock- 
paidle, wlien there was a clear sea and no speck on the 
horizon. Sometimes at night, watchmen upon some 
coast clifl" of Cockpaidle saw, like the gleam of a distant 
lighthouse, the moving forge fire of Elan of the Waters 
twinkle between sky and ocean. Then the watchmen 
liglited their own s\giia\ ^\'^^ w^ow \X\^ V^Ao^., ^ss^ 



Elaifi the Armourer. , 313 

height after height was tipped with flame, RvS the quick 
signal passed. Armed knights and cross-bow men then 
crowded the Cockpaidle war galleys. The rowers 
strained their arms, obedient to the whip that urged 
them ; for they were in no haste of their own,- to come 
within reach of the giant's hammer. Every King Pipit, 
down to Pipit the Twenty-ninth-and-a-third who ruled 
at the time of which this story tells (there had been 
ninety-one kings of the name, but many had their 
tenths and their thirds reckoned as fractions, so that 
Pipit the Eleventh had been held to mean not the 
Eleventh King Pipit, but Pipit the Eleventh of a 
king), — every Pipit had laboured to make Elan his 
prisoner. For there was an ancient prophecy, boding 
destmction to the race of Pipits when the chained fairy 
Euroe should come to Cockpaidle with a sword of 
Elan's sharpening and aimour shapen at his ever- 
blazing forge. 

Pipit the Twenty-ninth-and-a-third, King of Cock- 
paidle, was the most bewildering of sovereigns. 
Traitors among his subjects dared to ask each other 
very secretly, whether his real face must not be some- 
thing shameful ; for he never went abroad without a 
mask. He had indeed a closet full of masks, all differing 
from each other, and cunningly devised to imitate a real 
face of some sort. Without one of these over his face, 
— if he had a face— Pipit was never seen, even by the 
friend — if he had a friend — of his bosom. He was 
nothing in the world but the King of Cockpaidle. You 
may say, it was something to be that. Perhaps he him- 
self thought so, when he stocked his cupboard, but he 
soon found it the least of a something to \i^ yvqOqx^^x^ 
the world hut that, A man wlao m oxv^ ^^"^ tcC\^c^ ^'^ 



•i 



314 Fairy Tales. 

his breakfast with his cat's face on» ride out in his ape's 
face, dine in his dog's face, receive friends from behind 
a cock's face, and go to bed in the face of a lynx, 
bewildered everybody. The face he chose was always 
at odds with the mind in which he wore it* His words 
were also always at odds with his thoughts, in order 
that he might be too dark for any man to see into ; he 
was as careful to avoid a true word, as most men are to 
keep their mouths clean from a false one. Therefore, 
as people who speak truth are apt to believe they hear 
the truth from others, King Pipit overreached so many 
neighbours during the first few years of his reign, that 
he was supposed to have a wonderfully clever head. 

King Pipit, in his mask as a wild hog, sat on 9 very 
high throne in the middle of his Court 

" Ambassador from the Estates of Brill, b^one ! " he 
said ; whereupon a gentleman in a gold coat and amber- 
satin stockings advanced to the steps of his throne and 
knelt before him. It was etiquette in Pipit's Conrt, and 
held to be useful discipline for all who waited on it, 
that when Come was meant the word was Go, and so 
Begone was of course Pipit for Come before me. 

** Be silent," said Pipit. Thereupon the ambassador 
from Brill began to speak, and spoke oifficially, saying— 

** Sire, I am not ignorant that you wish not ill to 
Euroe. Therefore I come not to tell you that her raft 
is not wrecked upon a shoal not feir from the Brill coast, 
and were it not that we do not hear from afar, day and 
night, not a sound of the hammer of Elan the Armourer, 
our ships would not have rescued her, and not have 
brought her as a guest to your great capital." 

** Tell my Admiral I shall not want him for ten 
J'eara, " King Pipit cried to \Aft «A>\.«ii^^Ti\», 'Y^^x^^sis^^ 



Man the Armourer. 315 

the Admiral was summoned by a breathless messenger 
to come without a moment's loss of time into the 
sublimest presence. 

** Draw up n\y war-galleys on all my coasts. Let 
them lie high and dry upon the shore," said Pipit, 
■while the Admiral was coming. Messengers were sent 
at once to all the coasts, ordering the war-galleys to be 
got ready for instant service. 

** When anybody sees my Admiral, let him be told," 
said Pipit, " that as there is no more work for him upon 
the seas, I shall be glad if h^ will look in and play 
beggar-mj'-neighbour with me in my private cabinet. I 
shall sit here all day to hear petitions." Thereupon he 
retired immediately, and the Court broke up. A great 
concourse of petitioners that waited at the gate was at 
the same time kicked back into holes and comers of the 
city. 

Stripped of her ornaments and chained down to a 
raft, the fairy Euroe, in form of a fair woman, had been 
tossed for many years on the wide waters. So wide 
were the waters upon which she was tossed, that never 
once had her path crossed that of the strong giant Elan. 
At last — though it may not have been clear to anyone 
but Pipit, from the guarded language of the Brill 
ambassador — her raft had really struck upon a bank of 
sand, hardly within sight of the shores of Brill. Then 
the planks parted from under her, and from the chains 
that bound her to them. She stood in her fetters knee- 
deep in the shallow waves, imperishable as a Fairy, but 
much suffering. 

So she stood, on a warm and breezy summer's day, 
when there was no sound to be heard but thai^x^^^sx 
distant clang of Ehn'a hammer. A. ^o^, %:& \\. ^^^^^ <^^ 



:\Ui Fairy Tales. 

wliitu pigeons cFoasing the horizon, Rpread over the sea. 
'I'hoy were King Pipit's war-galleys iwith the sails 
Hproftd, and a wiitohman upon every one of their crove' 
DdKtH aixl high Hwan-like prows. The ships, when 
^ume liad been descried, drew blether in a long line 
between her and the point from whi'di the eound of ths 
iSctt Anuonrcr's hummer seemed to come. Towards tliat 
poitit every knight pointed his lance, every bowman his 
unow, A giliiod boat, with a silk canopy, put off from 




the chief giilloy, and tlio Admiral himself was rowed to 
tlio fair Eiiroo, wJiuko limbs were veiled only by the 
trickling ringlets of hor hair. 

" Ikladam," tlie Admiral said, " seeing you wrecked, I 
Mtiiy to rescue you, although our fleet is hound upon a 
distant expedition. Suffer me to throw over you this 
robe of honour." As ho said this, his men threw over 
her shouldera a white sheet of \icnance, painted over 
with all manner ot hoiv\4 s'^io.'gtti. '' ^- Nevj- ?>s«^'^ 



Elan the Armourer. 317 

regret," he said, " that we cannot strike your chains off 
without hurting you. Believe, however, that I have a 
master who will gild them." Poor Euroe ! Her power 
as a fairy was bound by those chains, and she was 
carried off a helpless prisoner, while all the fleets of 
Cockpaidle covering her capture were manned with 
knights and bowmen ready to fight Elan the Armourer, 
should he attempt a rescue. 

When Enroe stood in the Court of Pipit, the false 
king made so low and coui*teous an obeisance to her 
that she was immediately seized and conveyed to his 
secret dungeons. These dungeons were built under and 
near the royal bed-chamber. A pipe carried from each 
cell every sound of complaint, every groan, every rest- 
less shuffle of a foot or clank of a chain, to a reservoir 
in the air-pillow of the royal bed. When King Pipit 
went to bed, his pillow was stuffed with those sounds^ 
that soothed him into easy slumber with assurance that 
his enemies were safe. Pipit the Twenty-ninth-and-a- 
third, like his royal predecessors, knew every captive 
by the sound of his or of her footstep, by the rub of 
the chain, or the tone of the cry of suffering, or nightly 
prayer. He made sure that he had all his groans before 
he slept in peace, counting them as a good monk might 
count his beads. Whenever he missed the stir of any 
one prisoner, he sent one of the gaolers, who served as 
his grooms of the bed-chamber, to see that all was safe, 
and to fetch out a groan in some way for his full and 
perfect satisfaction. Obstinately silent prisoners were 
scourged when Pipit went to bed. If then they per- 
sisted in defrauding his pillow of a portion of its 
stuffing, at least there was contributed the aouxiLd \^isyji.^ 
hjr the falling of the la,sh upon \"he\T afe^co.. \tl\r> ^ ^^s:^ 



318 Fairy Tales. 

cave beneath the royal chamber Euroe was draped; 
and the low song she murmured was the last sound in 
the tyrant's ear before he slept. 

But in the darkness of the night there was a cry, 
'* Elan ! Elan ! " Elan the Armourer had come to Cock- 
paidle, and was walking on the land. He had discerned 
from afar the galleys of King Pipit, and the planks of 
Eiiroe's broken raft had floated round his anviL The 
armour was forged, and the sharp sword was tempered. 
Therefore, shouldering his mighty hammer, and with 
the fairy sword and armour upon his left arm. Elan 
marched over the waves to the shore of Cockpaidle, and 
strode over cliffs and hills, rivers and woods, to Pipit's 
capital. He struck no blow, but steadily walked for- 
ward with his hammer on his shoulder, and he walked 
so carefully that there was not a field-mouse crushed 
under his tread. 

But when he came to Pipit's palace he stood still, 
and raising the great hammer high into the night, struck 
one blow on the corner-stone. Then all the outer walls 
fell forward with a mighty crash, and the stones that 
fell upon the giant hurt him no more than if they had 
been falling dust. When the walls fell the prisons 
were laid open, and the false king felt the night-air 
blowing in upon him as he was awakened. The shock 
of the ruin woke him, and the glad shout of the cap- 
tives who had made his pillow tremble. Pipit sat up in 
his bed, shivering with fear, and looking straight before 
him through the vulture-faced mask in which it had 
pleased him to go to bed, dimly saw Elan the Armourer, 
who filled the night with his great presence. The giant 
had already rubbed to dust with his strong hand the 
chains of Euroe, and now a \\^\\, ^^w^^^t^^ ^wvt^^Sx^xs^ 



, Elan the Armourer. 319 

the cave below. The fairy had regained her power as 
she buckled on the breastplate he had made for her, 
crowned her head with the helmet, and grasped the 
keen sword in her right hand. From the Fairy in the 
fulness of her power the light poured. 

In all the houses servant-maids jumped out of bed, 
accusing the false house-clocks ; mistresses jumped out 
of bed, accusing the overslept maids ; masters jumped 
out of bed and clamoured for their breakfasts, wonder- 
ing how they could have slept till it was blazing noon. 
But maids, mistresses, and masters were soon running 
to the palace, crowding the great square and all the 
streets that led into it, looking up with their hands over 
their eyes at the blinding beauty of Euroe. She had 
risen as an airy spirit through the solid stone-roof of 
her cave into the chamber of the miserable naked Pipit, 
and stood fully armed over the bed in which he knelt. 
He clasped his trembling hands before her in entreaty, 
and turned up to her glorious face his vulture-mask. 
The terrors of the dungeons were laid 'bare to every 
eye, and in the full light of Euroe's brightness. Elan 
the Armourer stood like a massive tower. 

Then Euroe, before all the people, stretched towards 
King Pipit her unaimed hand, and plucking from his 
face the mask he wore, laid bare the face beneath that 
had so long been hidden. A great shudder ran through 
the crowd, and Pipit spread his hands over the un- 
masked horror. 

*' Live the great Fairy ! " cried the people. 

** Live Euroe ! " Elan cried with a voice that was 
heard to the remotest village on the borders of Cock- 
paidle. " Live Euroe ! Queen Euto^ \" x^^s^^A. \a. ^i*. 
glad shout every voice of man upon \)aa^a.TA^ «»S^ ^i;^$^sw 



320 Fairy Tales. 

the cry of the throng about the palace there seemed to 
roll back as thunder from all corners of the sky, " Live 
Queen Euroe ! " 

Then a low murmur arising grew among the crowd, 
and confused voices joined in words that altogether 
meant, '' We have been Pipit's; Pipit now is ours!" 
The iiiiserable king grasped at the robe of Euroe, the 
robe of shame in which he had clothed her, but upon 
which the foul painted shapes were changed to happy 
visions, glowing, as it seemed, with colour from the 
rainbow. There was no hold for Pipit on that robe. It 
was to his strained fingers as if he caught at air. 

Then Elan took up in his hand the quivering and 
quaking Pipit, as a man might grasp a sparrow, and 
lifting him out of his nest, laid him upon the ground 
among his people. There, while he still covered his 
foul face with both his hands, he knelt and prayed that 
none would trust the dangerous Euroe ; knelt and 
promised, knelt and swore, that he would constitute 
his people, if they only trusted him again, partnere 
with him in power, and devote his whole life to their 
welfare. ''Ah! ah!" they answered; *'but we know 
that to be Pipit for Grind us in slavery and make ns 
wretched." " Believe me ! believe me! " Pipit mourned. 
But the people, looking at the dungeons under dungeons 
exposed by the falling of the palace walls, pronounced 
this sentence on him and his race : — 

" Henceforth the Pipits follow their true calling. 
Let them be slaves to the turnkeys who are sei*vant8 
of the keepers in the common jails ! " 

With his hands bound to his side, so that his un- 
masked face should be open to s\?Jit, causing all by 
whom he passed to tnxn av:ay V\\^\t ^^^% Vo. ^w^^^-^ 



Ela/n the Armower. 321 

loathing, Fipit was led to hia jail-work, and as the 
crowd that opened to make way for him closfid behind 
hini into one dense mass, again there rolled up to 
heaven the great shout, and there rolled back as a low 
thunder froni all comers of the sky, " Live Euroe ! 
Queen Earoe ! " 

The high throne of the Pipits was uprooted from its 
place, and borne by a great concoui-se of men, women, 
and children, out into the free air. There it was set up 
in the sight of all the people. 

For two thousand years and more the bright fairy 
Euroe reigned over Cockpaidle in truth, justice, and 
mercy, and the place of the giant Elan was at her feet, 
sunning himself always in the light of her pure beauty. 
All who knew her loved her, but it was Elan who had 
been bom to love her most of all. All who served her 
were true to her, but of her world of friends old Elan 
was the trustiest 




322 Fairy Tales. 



ONE OF THE UNAPPRECIATED. 



A Poodle who sought to make himself respected, yelped 
and howled continually. " Observe," he said to a 
friendly bull-dog, "how men and beasts are exciteil 
when they hear my roar." 

" But," asked his friend, " why is it that you get so 
many kicks?" 

" My royal nature," Poodle said, " is too apparent to 
the envious race of men. Distinguished as I am by an 
excess of mane from common lions, why do they clip 
my body and hind legs, except only the tuft at my tail, 
unless it is that I may be as other lions are. You may 
well ask why do they carry envy farther, and pursue 
me with their buffets and revilings ! Beasts truly royal 
are not honoured here. 0, that I had been bom in 
Africa ! Then should I have grown to the full stature 
of my kindred, and ray voice would not have been 
ruined, as it has been, by this horrid climate." 

" T am bom out of my time," says Nullity. " O, thai 
I had lived in any but this chilling, calculating nine 
teenth century! Then would my roar not have been 
reviled, then would my royalty have come to its fall 
growth."— The Poodle ! 

To each land its creatures ; to each day its thoughts ; 
to every true voice its power. 




S I R I U S. 



It was no laughing matter, let me tell you, to offend - 
the Emperor Pet©r. 

A cotnieoTOS Knight was making love to the Emperor's 
daughter ; the Empetor'a daughter was sitting at a 
window of the palace ; when the Emperor's dog jumped 
out of hie kennel, and bit the stranger in the leg. The 
courteous Knight ^aa his High Mightiness the Prince 
of Candia. 

The Prince of Candia was cast into prison, because 
he had broken two ribs of the Emperor'a dog. 

Every day, at 6 p.m., together with his dinner, a 
wild mastiff was left with him in his cell. He was 
condemned to fight with dt^s for e'verj ■Hi\?a"i:«HiSi'VssBa., 
The daily barking, snarling, ye\ping, ^oNiWoSfc ^P'^ '^■^- 



324 Fairy Tales. 

fusion of a dog-fight at dinner-time, affected his diges- 
tion. As the dead dogs were not carried away, the 
Prince's after-dinner comfort was to bury them. He 
had to dig each grave with his knife and spoon — very 
remote cousins, indeed, to spade and shovel — and after 
a time it became necessary to inter the dead one over 
the other. This is a worse mode of burial than any 
dog deserves. 

The fate of the illustrious Prince was a state secret. 
It was known that the Emperor's yard-dog had two ribs 
broken ; that was at once known, because every particle 
of a nation must be always interested in the health of 
any member of the royal family It was known that 
the Emperor shone out in the new light of a dog- 
fancier, who cared only for large and wild dogs, which, 
once bought, were no more seen. It was said at the 
clubs, and known to the well-informed, that the 
Emperor Peter was making expenments, and sacrificing 
all the big dogs in the universe, for knowledge that 
should tell him how to cure his wounded favoniite. 
That his High Mightiness the Piince of Candia was 
among the thousand dealers in the contraband of 
freedom, home growers of honesty and other vermin, 
caught in the state prisons, the Emperor wished no 
man to suppose. If a child boldly made tongs of its 
fingers, it might tweak the Emperor's nose with them ; 
but if it sucked them, and shrank timidly fiom the big 
whiskers, there was a big fist down upon its head. II i^ 
Imperial Highness picked his quaiTols. He fumed 
always ; but it was only through weak ground that he 
would tear up with the fire and fury of a regular 
explosion. 
The Emperor's daughter \\\eii m ^om' Tt^wa^ k>ji Siwi 



Sirius. 325 

palace, out of wtich she had never been allowed to 
pass. No tutors were suffered to come near her, and 
her maids had been chosen from among the most un- 
lettered women of the city. The Emperor did not 
intend to have a daughter who would dare to <5ross 
him with opinions of her own. It was a child's busi- 
ness to obey, and it was her destiny from birth to be 
of great advantage to her father, by the contracting of 
some glorious marriage flattering to him, and for her, 
also, of course, a great piece of good fortune. There- 
fore, they had omitted no care to assure her beauty ; 
and, in spite of patchings, paintings, hoops, herb- 
vapour-baths, cosmetics, and internal sulphur, she had 
really become a lovely woman. She cherished birds; 
and, because the Emperor's dog had crunched the bones 
of many of her pigeons, when they had alighted inno- 
cently near his, kennel, she did feel that her tender 
bosom warmed with a sense of joy and gratitude when 
the offended stranger broke the ribs of that unfriendly 
beast. 

The Emperor's dog — his name was Towza — suffered 
severely from the kick he had received. In Spite of 
the skill of the court physician and the consultations 
of the faculty, one morning Towza died. In the evening 
the Prince of Candia was to cross Acheron after him 
upon a bow-string. In the afternoon, however, he was 
missed from his prison, so that there was nobody to 
strangle but the gaoler. Nevertheless, it was not fair 
to make the gaoler answerable for his prisoner ; because, 
in the days of magic, it was unreasonable to expect 
anybpdy to be responsible for anything. The gaoler , 
had sent in the Prince's dinner, r.Qd, «i^ \vsviaX^."^^^s^« 
How was it possible for him to ioT^\.^\ ^CtvaX. ^Cvt^^^^ *^^ 



326 Fairy Tales. 

dog got inside the prison door it would become an ele- 
phant, and swallow up the Prince ; that then it would 
become a gnat, and fly out of the dungeon window with 
him. Such were the &cts; it was a kind Tairy who 
had played this dog's trick on the Emperor. Well, hut 
there are also unkind Fairies. A morose old creature, 
named Korspatza, span a web between the sun and 
moon, in the middle of which she sat like a great 
spider, ready to catch the gnat as it flew upward. The 
gnat was entangled in the magic web, and widthing 
under the old spider's poison-fang. 

" It is not my desire to hurt you," said this bag of 
venom to the honied Suzemunda. " Give me the Prince 
of Candia, and I will let you go. If you will not do 
that, I shall cause the sun's heat to flow into my web, 
and it shall be to you for ever as a red-hot gridiron." 

Suzemunda left the Prince in the net, and flew away. 
The Faiiy Korspatza, still wearing her spider dress, 
then seized the Prince of Candia between ber nippers, 
and, fixing a thread to one horn of the moon, let herself 
down, with her victim, to a cave upon the surface of the 
earth. 

There are some human beings uglier than spiders. 
Korspatza was changed for the worse when she assumed 
her human shape. The cave was very clean. Walls, 
floor, and ceiling were all smooth, and highly polished. 
There was no furniture. A wise Fairy never has in her 
room a stool more than is wanted at the moment, and 
always provides at the right moment exactly what she 
wants. Therefore, no Fairy keeps a housemaid. Kor- 
spatza stamped upon the floor, and there arose a sofa for 
herself. She did not knock "v\t^ ^ cbaAr or stool for Sirius 
(that was the Prince's nam^Y ^^^ ^^«^ ^^^ ^H.\ssss^ 



Sirius. 327 

shoes into a comer. Immediately there sprang np' 
where the shoe had &llen, a wood fire and a monkey ; 
the monkey picked up the shoe, and hastened to replace 
it on the Fairy's foot. Korspatza delayed him while 
she pulled out one of his eye-teeth, and then gave him a 
rap upon the head, which sent him through the floor 
directly. 

The wood fire filled the room with smoke, and set the 
Fairy barking with a cough. Every cough, as it re- 
sounded against the walls, had a substantial echo, 
which fell to the ground shaped like a pair of bellows. 
Odedient to this hint, Sirius took up one pair of 
bellows, and immediately the others disappeared. Sirius 
b^an to blow the fire, but was exceedingly annoyed 
to find that, instead of breathing with a quiet puff, the 
bellows barked like half-a-dozen dogs. If he blew 
quietly, the dogs would only moan ; but if he blew with 
animation, the dogs seemed to be, all six of them, 
savagely quarrelling together. The Fairy Korspatza, 
however, dozed upon her sofa, and did not seem to be 
at all disturbed by the confusion. 

In the meantime, the fire b^an to blaze, and all the 
smoke that had spread through the cave gathered itself 
into a small dense doud near the ceiling; it parted 
into a vague shape, shot out four little colunms, like 
the four l^s of a spectral cow, and then a fifth, like a 
short curly tail; gradually it condensed, took a form 
more and more distinct, until, at last, a dog— the very 
image of the Emperor's dog — fell with a loud bump 
upon the pavem^it. 

"I will have that dog for my supper," said the 
Fairy, with a lazy drawL " Oook it ; here ia tha 
-sauce." Thereupon, Koxspaitza \]iat«^ \«^«:^& "^sj^fc 



328 Fairy Tales. 

Prince the monkey's tooth. A large dresser rose out 
of the ground to intercept it in its felL " Wake me 
when supper is ready." So saying, the Fairy went to 
sleep ; and there stood before the Prince a dresser, 
provided with knives, skewers, plates, dishes, and a 
monkey's tooth. The dog was upon the floor beside 
him, and the fire burned brightly in a comer. Not 
only was the Prince no cook, but he had never even 
seen a kitchen. 

The Fairy being now asleep, Sirius looked about for 
a way of escape. The room was a smooth, hollow cube: 
there was no door, there were no windows. W hile lie 
looked about, he heard a whip crack, and soon writhed 
with anger, when, though he saw nothing, he felt how 
smartly it was laid about his shoulders. That was, no 
doubt, a hint from the old Fairy, who depended on him 
for her supper. He would smother her in her sleep ; 
but, no, he could not. Between him and her there 
was an invisible wall ; and when he ran against it, 
every brick seemed to be made of the living tails of 
scorpions. 

*' Well," thought the Prince, ** I suppose I mnst begin 
upon my hound. It has to be skinned, certainly, and I 
shall scalp the brute with a great deal of pleasure." So 
he put the dog upon the dresser. The whips were no 
longer plied on him when he took up the scalping-knife. 
But, at the first cut, the dog began to yell, leaped up, 
and bit him in the hand. 

"This old person ought to give her cook good 
wages ! " cried Prince Sirius. *' Now, what ana I to 
do?" 

Jn a passion, he took up the do^, swung it round by 
the tail, and shot it \\o\%Tit\^ ^o^\i VcA/^ *v^^ '^'«.. 



Sirius, 329 

" Now, cook yourself," cried his High Mightiness, But 
instantly the cave was full of smoke ; the smoke gathered 
into an overhanging cloud ; there was the spectral cow 
contracting, and the dog bumped agaiil upon the floor 
beside him. Prince Sirius put his hands into his 
pockets, and looked down upon the creature spitefully. 
He felt the whips again upon his back. Again he lifted 
up the dog, and re-commenced his scalping. He went 
on in spite of all resistance ; but he made no progress, 
for the skin removed from one place grew to it again 
while he was scraping at another, Sirius chopped off 
the dog's head. . The consequence was, that a new head 
budded from the headless body, and a new body grew 
out of the trunkless head. There were now two dogs, 
who attacked the Prince so savagely, and with so 
terrible a yelp, that the old Fairy was awakened. She 
turned on one side lazily, and looked towards the 
Prince. ** I see ! " said she. ** Well, you may cook me 
the pair of them.'' And then she went to sleep again. 

The Prince's hands again dived down into his pockets 
— down to the very bottom. But he cried, " Ah ! " and 
pulled them out again. In the lowest depth of one of 
them was something curious. It appeared to be a 
three-cornered note, directed, in a lady's hand, ^^ To the 
Prince Sirius,'^ He opened and read it : — 

*' My dear Prince — 

^^1 do not sacrifice you selfishly. I know what 
that wretch K, will do. You will find this note from 
your friend, and we shall both escape. If you draw the 
dog*8 eye-tooth, and put the monkey^a in its place, aU mil 
he well. " Ever yours, 

"P,S, You can escape mth the bonea of tlie goo%er 



330 Fairy Tales. 

Sirius was delighted for a minute, though he was 
perplexed by the allusion to a goose. Then he 
remembered that there were now Two dogs. Suze- 
munda had not reckoned upon that. However, the 
prince did all that could be done — faithfully drew the 
tooth of one dog, and put the monkey's tooth into the 
empty socket. Then he felt no more of the laiph upon 
his back; the knives and forks and plates upon the 
dresser began working of their own accord. The other 
dog was attacked by a set of table-knives, who chopped 
him up into small pieces, put him into a stewpan, and 
got an iron hook to take him to the fire. The first dog 
was more delicately dealt with ; carefully trussed and 
spitted. As he turned before the fire, he melted into a 
new form, and before the Fairy was awake, the cookery 
was over. Two dishes were before the fire. A roast 
goose was in one of them, and in the other was a rich 
and fragrant stew. The kitchen utensils then all darted 
up towards the ceiling, where they ran together in the 
form of a huge dinner-bell. On this, there rang a 
noisy peal, while the dresser below changed into a 
well-farnished dining-table. The fairy yawned and 
stretched herself, and sat upon the sofa. 

** Supper is ready," said the Prince. 

*' Why, so it is ! " exclaimed Korspatza. " Very well I 
The stew is yours, I eat the goose. Come and sit near 
me." 

A chair rose on the spot to which Korspatza pointed, 
and Sirius sat down as he was bidden. 

" The stew is excellent," said Sirius, after tasting a 
mouthful. 

"Is it ?" said the Fairy. " Princes are good judges 
of meat, so I may take your vjot^. I^^-^.^ts^^ ^^ ^cmS^^T 
Korspatza ate np all tii© 6\«n7. 



Sirius. 331 

" May I trouble you, madam, for a little goose ? " said 
Sirius. 

" I have set my heart on goose for supper," said the 
Fairy. " You may pick the bones when I have finished." 

Korspatza left no meat upon the bones, and, after so 
fall a meal, soon fell asleep. 

" What do I want with these dry bones ? " thought 
Sirius. '' But I will remember the advice of Suze- 
munda. These are, no doubt, the bones I am to escape 
with." Sirius therefore put the goose bOnes into his 
pocket. The monotonous snore of the old Fairy soon 
lulled him also to sleep. Presently he dreamed that he 
was being covered alive with a pie-crust of putty, and 
awoke shivering. He found himself in the grasp of a 
soft, limp being, who was feeling about his pockets. 

" What is the matter ? " asked the Prince. 

" Give me my bones," replied the being. 

The being tumbled about in a flaccid, powerless 
manner, and it was evident that he had not one bone in 
his body. 

" I will not give you your bones," said Sirius. '• Who 
are you ? " 

"I am an earth spirit. In my bones lies all my 
strength. I was transformed that I might tease you. 
Restore me my bones, and I will serve you faithfully," 

" By what will you swear ? " 

" By nothing. Only the cats are false, and sometimes 
men." 

"I will trust you, friend," said Sirius. '*Here are 
your bones." 

The being disappeared with them, and reappeared 
erect and stiff. 

"By what mane shall I call you.V 



332 Fairy Tales, 

** I am the earth spirit, Marl. Since you have trusted 
rae, I will be worthy of your trust. But yonder witch 
still rules me. Will you remove those ashes ? " 

The wood fire had burned down to a few glowiDg 
embers. Sirius swept these on one side. 

" Tread upon the floor, master," said the earth spirit. 

Sirius did so, and a door leapt open, disclosing a large 
box. 

" See what is in the box," said Mai-1. " I have not 
power over it." 

" Here is much hair in lockets." 

"Now, Prince!" exclaimed the spirit. "If you are 
generous, bum all of it. In each locket is the hair of 
a giant or earth spirit, and by holding them you may 
retain us all in bondage to yourself. The meanest is too 
pr*)ud to be content in bonds. A lock of my hair is with 
others in the box. Will you be served by mighty 
slaves, take that chest for your own. Will you be 
served by mighty friends, burn all those guarantees of 
slavery." 

" I will destroy them all," said Sirius. 

"Wise Prince!" Marl answered; "and what shall I 
then do with this old tyrant ? " 

" Loss of power shall be punishment enough," Sirius 
said, as he raked the embers over all the lockets. 

As they burned, shouts of a mighty laughter thundered 
through the cave, under the sound whereof its waUs 
were split and crumbled into dust. Sirius closed his 
eyes, greatly bewildered. When he opened them again, 
he stood under the warm sunshine, on a mountain side. 
The sunshine was quite warm, although the rain was 
falling in a summer shower •, and the raii^i soon ceased. 
The grass and the trees s^aic^^^, ^Oc^a n^tj ^^^^^ 



Sirius. 333 

eontributing its fragrance to the burden of scents with 
■^hicli the slow-footed breeze was laden. Bugle notes 
sounded in the wood below, to which the Prince was 
listening, when suddenly a stag leapt up the hill, an 
arrow after it; and after that a single huntsman 
galloped foi*ward in pursuit. When he came near to 
Sirius, he checked his course, and swore a loud oath. 
Sirius started to the horse's bridle ? it was the Emperor 
Peter. 

" Hollo ! " said the Emperor Peter. 
" Holla-ho ! " cried Sirius. 

The Emperor blew on his bugle to call together his 
attendants. The Prince shouted for Marl. Marl was 
the first to come. 

" Can we change shapes ? " asked Sirius. 
" At once," said Marl. 

Sirius sat on the Emperor's horse, and looked like 
Emperor Peter. Emperor Peter stood below, and 
struggled, in the shape of Sirius, to pull the horseman 
down. The train of attendants in a short time came 
upon the ground. Emperor Peter was carried home for 
a madman, and placed in a lunatic asylum, where he 
was compassionately treated. Sirius finished the stag- 
hunt, and rode home in state. 

Early the next morning Sirius proclaimed, in the 
name of the Emperor Peter, that, whereas he was 
lieartily ashamed of all the evil he had done his people, 
and in consideration of the greatness of the change he 
meant to make in his behaviour, he did now determine, 
ordain, command, appoint, and institute it as a law, 
that thenceforth he should be styled and entitled 
Emperor Peter II., his former seilC. \iw\^ ^issvjkJKsSvK^'^^ 
dead. 



334 Fairy Tales. 

Peter II. accordingly devoted himself with much 
energy to the reformation of affairs, and as Peter I. had 
only been three years upon the throne, it was found 
possible in six years to bring the state once more into a 
fair condition. 

But the first care of Sirins was for the beautiful 
daughter of the Imperial house. His delight in her 
beauty was checked by dismay at her ignorance. He 
did not fall in love with her because she had no sense, 
and there is no filling one's belly from an empty dish, 
although it be of biscuit porcelain. But the reformed 
Emperor decreed that his mismanaged girl should be 
set free from her restraint. A hundred teachers were 
engaged to fill her head with knowledge ; but the more 
they talked, the more they puzzled her. At length, the 
more they talked, the more she slept over their talking. 
What could be done ? Sirius called for his friend Marl 
to help him. Marl could do nothing, but suggested 
reference to Suzemunda. Marl talked about Suzemunda 
very warmly. " Go then, good fellow ! " exclaimed 
Sirius. Marl went ; he was familiar with the way ; and 
came back with a box of lozenges. " The wise teachers 
must put these upon their tongues — that is my message." 
Therefore, to each of the wise teachers was administered 
a Suzemunda lozenge. Now the big books were shut, 
and the old bookworms pointed with their inky hands to 
the sea, the sky, the earth. With lively utterances, 
they revealed to the young Princefss, out of the stores of 
their knowledge, the delights and mysteries of Nature. 
History acted its deeds before her on their lips. Strange 
nations lived and spoke to her; and as she spoke to 
them she learned their language. Knowledge, no longer 
crushing Fancy, was upborne -vr^oxi \\& nn\w^^ Voj^i \35iR, 



Sirius. 335 

sky. All truth walked majestic, crowned with the wild 
olive garland, victor in every contest, flattered with the 
music of a thousand sweet triumphal songs. Intellect 
stamped with its grace the maiden's countenance. Her 
soul was awakened, and had begun the singing of its 
deathless melodies. Whoever walked beside her, felt 
that holy thrill. 

"Now,'* said the Prince of Candia to the Emperor 
Peter, who had been for six years ruling his mock 
empire in a lunatic asylum, " you may come out. Your 
house is in order. Course of time has made me king of 
Candia, — Emperor Peter you shall be again, on two 
conditions. The first is, that you give your daughter to 
me for a wife — the second, that you swear to the 
constitution of your state as now established, and take 
for your minister the spirit by whose power you are 
now transformed. He will obey you during good 
behaviour, and will work you good or evil, as you merit 
either at his hands." 

Emperor Peter was glad to escape on any terms from 
Bedlam. Sirius courted the Emperor's daughter in his 
own person, and having, in the course of another year or 
two, secured her reasonable love, he married her. The 
Fairy Suzemunda, who was present at the wedding as a 
bridesmaid (Marl was there, too, as groomsman), told 
the Princess all her husband's story. This he had not 
himself thought it right to tell, because he wished her 
father to have all the credit of her education. That 
Suzemunda did not wish. But when Suzemunda after- 
wards told the King and Queen of Candia about the old 
woman Korspatza — how, since she had lost her magic 
power, she had been living miserably in a hut, and how 
she was at that moment cramped V\^T\L«v\Tsi^aJc\Jsss.^'^^ 



336 



Fairy Tales, 



did not rejoice as the good Fairy expected and desired. 
Suzemunda had some spite about her, for she was a little 
annoyed when the King and Queen sent nurses and 
doctoi*s in a post-chaise with orders that the old woman 
was to be tended kindly. But the consequence was, 
that Korspatza (she was too obstinate to drink any of the 
medicines) recovered, and lived to become a ven' 
amiable person. The story ends with that, the most 
surprising of all transformations. 





THE TWO GUIDES OF THE CHILD. 



A Spirit near me said, " Look forth upon the Land of 

Life. What do you see ? " 

"Steep mountaina, covered by a mighty plain, a 

table-land of many-coloured beauty. Beauty, nay, it 

seems all beautiful at £rst, but now I see that there are 

soma parts barren," 

" Are they quite barren ? — look more closely still ! " 
" No, in the wildest deserts, now, I see gum-dtQijij\wfe 

acacia^ and the crimaon blos&omB oS. ■&!& cas*»s. '^■^^ 



338 Fairy Tales. 

there are regions that rejoice abundantly in flower and 
fruit ; and now, Spirit, I see men and women moving 
to and fro." 

'* Observe them, mortal." 

" I behold a world of love ; the men have women's 
arms entwined about them; some upon the verge of 
precipices — friends are running to the rescue. There 
are many wandering like strangers, who know not their 
road, and they look upward. Spirit, how many, many 
eyes are looking up as if to God ! Ah, now I see some 
strike their neighbours down into the dust ; I see some 
wallowing like swine; I see that there are men and 
women brutal." 

" Are they quite brutal ? — look more closely still." 

" No, I see prickly sorrow growing out of crime and 
penitence awakened by a look of love. I see good gifts 
bestowed out of the hand of murder, and see tmth issue 
out of lying lips. But in this plain, Spirit, I see 
regions — wide, bright regions — yielding fruit and flower 
while others seem perpetually veiled with fogs, and in 
them no fruit ripens. I see pleasant regions where the 
rock is full of clefts, and people fall into them. The men 
who dwell beneath the fog deal lovingly, and yet have 
small enjoyment in the world around them, which they 
scarcely see. But whither are these women going ? " 

" Follow them," 

" I have followed down the mountains to a haven in 
the vale below. All that is level}'' in the world of 
flowers makes a fragrant bed for the dear children; 
birds' singing they breathe upon the pleasant air ; the 
butterflies play with them. Their limbs shine white 
among the blossoms, and their mothers come down full 
of joy to share tliciT ii\T\oceTv\ ^^\v^\3. TVke^ ^^\. ^^^\v 



The Two Guides of the Child. 339 

other with the lilies of the valley. They call up at will 
fantastic masques, grim giants play to make them merry, 
a thousand grotesque loving phantoms kiss them; to 
each the mother is the one thing real, the highest bliss 
— the next bliss is the dream of all the world besides. 
Some that are motherless, all mothers love. Every 
gesture, every look, every odour, every song, adds tu 
the charm of love which fills the valley. Some little 
figures fall and die, and on the valley's soil they 
crumble into violets and lilies, with love-tears to hang 
in them like dew. 

"Who dares to come down with a frown into this 
happy valley? A severe man seizes an unhappy, 
shrieking child, and leads it to the roughest ascent of 
the mountain. He will lead it over steep rocks to the 
plain of the mature. On ugly needle-points he makes 
the child sit down, and teaches it its duty in the 
world above." 

" Its duty, mortal ! do you listen to the teacher ? " 

" Spirit, I hear now. The child is informed about two 
languages spoken by nations extinct centuries ago, 
and something also, O Spirit, about the diagonal of the 
parallelopipedon." 

'• Does the child attend ? " * 

" Not much ; but it is beaten sorely, and its knees are 
bruised against the rocks, till it is hauled up, woe- 
begone and weary, to the upper plain. It looks about 
bewildered; all is strange — it knows not how to act. 
Fogs crown the barren mountain paths. Spirit, I am 
unhappy ; there are many children thus hauled up, and 
as young men upon the plain they walk in fog, or among 
brambles; some fall into pits; and maxLy, ^<bt^xcv% WVv^ 
Bower-paths, lie down and learn, ^om.^ \>^Q.QtCife ^'i'Cx^'^-x 



340 Fairy Tales. 

seeking right, but ignorant of what right is, they 
wander among men out of their fog-land, preaching 
folly. Let me go back among the children." 

" Have they no better guide ? " 

" Yes, now there comes one with a smiling face, and 
rolls upon the flowers with the little ones, and they are 
drawn to him. And he has magic spells to conjure up 
glorious spectacles of Fairy-land. He frolics with them, 
and might be first cousin to the butterflies. He wreathes 
their little heads with flower garlands, and with his 
Fairy-land upon his lips he walks towards the mountains ; 
eagerly they follow. He seeks the smoothest upward 
path, and that is but a rough one, yet they run up 
merrily, guide and children, butterflies pursuing still 
the flowers as they flit over a host of laughing faces. 
They talk of the delightful Fairy world, and resting in 
the shady places learn of the yet more delightful world 
of God. They learn to love the Maker of the Flowers, ' 
to know how great the Father of the Stars must be, how 
good must be the Father of the Beetle. They listen to 
the story of the race they go to labour with upon the 
plain, and love it for the labour it has done. They 
learn old languages of jnen, to understand the past — 
more eagerly they learn the voices of the men of their 
own day, that they may take part with the present. 
And in their study when they flag, they fall back upon 
thoughts of the Child Valley they are leaving. Sports 
and fancies are the rod and spur that bring them with 
new vigour to the lessons. When they reach the plain, 
they cry, * We know you, men and women ; we know to 
what you have aspired for centuries ; we know the love 
tbeiv 18 in you ; we know t\iQ> loN^i tlve^t^ is in God ; we 
come prepared to la\)Our vjit"^ ^oxx, ^^^'t ^^'^^ ^tv^\A^. 



The Two Guides of the Child. 341 

We will not call you clumsy when we see you tumble, 
we will try to pick you up ; when we fall you shall pick 
us up. We have been trained to love, and therefore, we 
can aid you heartily, for love is labour 1'" 

The Spirit whispered, " You have seen and you have 
heard. Go now, and speak unto your fellowmen ; ask 
justice for the child." 

To-day should love To-morrow, for it is a thing of 
hope; let the young Future not be nursed by Care. 
The child's heart was not made full to the biim of love, 
that men should pour its love away, and fill the little 
cup with their own dregs of bitterness. Love and 
Fancy are the wild, natural stems on which the hot- 
house buds of knowledge may be grafted the most 
readily. O, teacher, love the child, and learn of it ; so 
let it love and learn of you. 



Until thou be Omniscient, forbear 

To trust thyself for knowledge of mankind. 

Thinkest thou, mortal, readily to find 
Thy brother's heart, and track Life's footstep there ? 

This man is of a despicable mind, 
So judgest thou. Can intuition tell 
What penuries upon his childhood fell 

Of love, of culture ; — with what Fate unkind. 
He wept, contented ? Never did there shine, 

Shaming thy censure, suddenly the Ught 

Of a warm-hearted action, to requite 
With friendliness some furtive scoff of thine? 

Despise thou none ! A scornful judgment fies. 

The God in Manhood never wholly dies. 



342 Fairy Tales. 



THE LAMB CUT UP. 



A Lamb strayed for the first time into the woods, and 
excited much discussion among other animals. In. a 
mixed company, one day, when he became the sabjeet 
of a friendly gossip, the goat praised him. : .- 

"Pooh*!" said the lion; "this is too absurd.- The 
beast is a pretty beast enough ; but did you hear him 
roar? I heard him roar — and, by the manes of my 
fathers, when he roars he does nothing but cry ' Ba-a-a ! ' " 
And the lion bleated his best in mockery, but bleated 
far from well. 

" Nay," said the deer ; " I do not think so badly of 
his voice. I liked him well enough until I saw him 
leap. He kicks with his hind legs in running ; and, 
with all his skipping, gets over very little ground." 

" It is a bad beast altogether," said the tiger. " He 
cannot roar, he cannot run, he can do nothing — and 
what wonder? I killed a man yesterday; and, in 
politeness to the new comer, offered him a bit, npon 
which he had the impudence to look disgusted, and say, 
* No, sir ; I eat nothing but grass ! ' " 

So the beasts criticised the Lamb — each in his own 
way ; and yet it was a good Lamb nevertheless. 




THE MELON GARDEN. 



Far underground, there is a liot, close country, near \hi; 
centre of the earth, inhabited by very busy Fairies 
called the Dits, who come up to the (surface in the shape 
of woiTus. They busy themselves at the roots of plants, 
and poar into them an amazing vigonr. 

On the borders of the great empire of Teshu lived 
Lerilla, who was one of the richest and the poorest 
women in the hind. She was rich in herself and in her 
one-and-twenty children ; poor in her husband Lull, 
who worked only for self-indulgence, when he became 
weary of laziness. This, of course, viaa «. isiYni <^ W- 
du/gence that be seldom needed. "Ra -was ^u(A.--Ki.\,wi5^. 



344 Fairy Tales. 

and would, upon occasion, hold a child for a few minutes, 
setting it down if it cried. 

Lull was a portly man, with a magnificent bald head, 
and an imposing face. But his bald head was covered 
with a ragged cap. His clothes were one mass of em- 
broider}', for there was not a square inch of their sur- 
face upon which a hole had not been neatly sewn up by 
Lerilla's needle. Every day, Dame Lerilla took right 
heartily and cheerfully her five hours' sleep and nineteen 
hours of labour. 

Her eldest children worked for the* support of the 
whole household in a patch of garden land ; the children 
next in age below them helped their mother in her 
housework, and her mending, and her care over the 
youngest. Happy Lerilla never lost a child, or a child's 
love. Perhaps, in all her life, she never lost an hour, 
unless it were an hour spent on her husband. Good- 
humour kept her hale and comely. Her thoughts were 
as a healing and refreshing daily remedy against fatigue 
and pain. Had there been anything unwholesome in 
them she would not have thriven as she did on endless 
toil. 

Health was in the house ; the father, though idle, 
was placid, and there was open love at all hours of the 
day between the mother and her children. They lived 
wholly upon the produce of a little garden, which was 
lately become famous for the large return it yielded to 
their labour. Indeed, had it been upon the outskirts of 
the capital instead of being on the remote borders of 
the kingdom, great would have been the profits of this 
garden; yet it was but a reclaimed patch of waste land 
which, until a year ago, had barely saved them from 
aore want. 



The Melon Garden, 345 

The cause of the change may he partly guessed. A 
sensible old Dit had, by chance, come up on Lerilla's 
spade, when she and her daughter Cara were digging 
at a melon bed, and singing in concert. Her eldest 
boy, who was at work on a medlar tree at the other end 
of the garden, took his part also in their song. Daddy 
Lull sat in the sun, at the garden door, and listened 
idly to the jingle of Lerilla's rhyme of toil : — 

" This our song all day long 

Will never cease. For increase 

To our store we implore ! 

But we dare not despair 

While we live and can give. 
Can give our hearts to our neighbour ; 
Can give our hands to our labour. 

The sky is light, the eye is bright, 

And trouble will set the garden right. 
Dig mother, dig maid ! 

Blossom shall follow the stroke of the spade." 

" True hearts," murmured the old Dit, Pulvillo, to 
himself. '* Such wretched soil, too, as this is ! But, 
never mind. Til set the garden right for them." 

And so Pulvillo did. Sliding back into the earth 
again, he tickled the roots of every fniit and vegetable 
in Lerilla's patch of ground, exciting them all to the 
most unusual efforts. Strawberries became as large as 
the good mother's great, hard fist ; the smallest apples 
in the garden were as big as the nine months' baby, and 
the gooseberries were so enormous, that the fame of 
them found its way into the newspapers of Teshu, and 
was even put upon record in tb.e Court Ga^eXXfc ^\ ^^'^ 
imperial metro'polis. 



346 Fairy Tales. 

Tcha, Tsar of Teshu, was leaner than a dragon-fly, 
and had as dusty a complexion. He had swallowed in 
vain every medicine in the drug list of his empire. 
When he went abroad, he travelled like a criminal with 
shot chained to his leg, lest any sudden puff of wind 
should carry him away. It was golden shot, exquisitel}'^ 
chased, inlaid with gems, and very costly. The Tsar's 
condition was a serious affair. Every right-minded 
courtier was bound to keep his master in good counte- 
nance by reducing his own bulk as much as possible. 
The more a man rose in the State, the less he might eat. 
Gruel and vinegar was all the diet of a goldstick or a 
premier. Fetters became, of course, a part of every 
courtier's dress. Those gentlemen who were so con- 
stituted that they could not help becoming fat, even 
upon vinegar and gruel, carried about costly balls chained 
to their legs, as if they also dreaded eddies of the wind. 

But this part of the fashion was no matter of com- 
plaint. Gentlemen gladly rivalled one another in the 
costliness of their leg-chains, or the weight and enrich- 
ment of their golden balls. Persons of the middle class 
in Teshu tied silver-gilt shot to their ankles. Lower 
down the social scale, copper-gilt and paste diamonds 
were in request. There was only the confessed beggar 
who did not at least wear lacquer. There was no dis- 
satisfaction felt, then, about the ballast added to the 
leg ; but there was serious objection to the loss of 
ballast from the person. The gruel and vinegar diet, 
the compelled abstinence from soup and beer, and other 
solaces of life, did not sit easily upon the stomach of the 
nation. 

^"evertheless, the lords of tha Im^^erial Court were 
loyal to a man. There was "Eo\i, ^x^. ^.Ts^^i^kssaSij^rt ^qtsv 



The Melon Garden. ?A1 

the neighbouring emperor of Papoo, settling terms of 
a peace at the court of Tcha. He was a long, straight- 
haired, grey-bearded, leathery-faced man, whose large 
spectacles were half hidden under snow-covered thickets 
of eyebrows. From under his white flowing robes 
there peeped only his naked bony arms with the long 
shrivelled talons that he used in fighting and in 
shaking hands. Foh made several vain attempts to 
set revolt on foot in Teshu. There was not a disloyal 
man in the whole empire. 

One day, the Tsar Tcha, in the presence of Foh, was 
listening to his reader. It happened then that a para- 
graph in the Court Gazette presented to his mind the 
exact dimensions of an Enormous Gooseberry, grown 
by a poor man named Lull, in his garden upon the 
borders of a distant province. " I should like very 
much," said the Tsar, " to know what medicine was 
given to that gooseberry, that I might take it." 

"Sire," said Foh, who was a Wise Man in his own 
land, " your wish is just. That gooseberry was enlarged 
by the powers of nature working up through one of 
their outlets in the soil. There are spots on which 
visible water, in hot springs or cold springs, bubbles 
up out of the ground. There are other spots from 
which strange vapours rise. I have read, also, that 
there exist outlets or springs through which the un- 
seen energies of nature, otherwise diffused over the 
earth, boil up and pour themselves abroad. A garden 
planted by chance over one of these invisible fountains, 
will doubtless produce fruit of an enormous size." 

"Hah!" said his Majesty, ** What if I were to suck 
at the ground in such a garden ? " 

"J have read. Sire, and do xvsA. ^wi\i\.^ ^^Sfess^^ 



348 Fairy Tales. 

never has the experiment been tried ; — I have read, 
Sire,—" 

" Well, man, speak. You know I am ready to try 
everything." 

" I dare not suggest humiliation to a prince who is 
the Light of the Globe ! But I have read. Sire, as 
matter of reading, the belief of sages that if it were 
possible for a common man to be enclosed, on such a 
spot, in any fruit large enough to contain him, great 
results might follow. If the soles of his feet were 
slightly scarified, and he were planted firmly and 
upright in the growing stem, these powers of nature, 
it is thought, would pour into him. So he could par- 
take of the fruit's growth." 

" Clearly this must be true," the Tsar exclaimed. "I 
am impatient to make the experiment. But — ^no — read 
me again the dimensions of that gooseberry." 

" Sire, it may be that there are melons in this garden 
which have become wonderfully large." 

" Good ! good ! And there shall be no time wasted 
in the sending of a messenger. I will go travel. I 
will make a progress. I will look in upon Lull. The 
ministers of state go with us, and you also, my Lord 
Fob. If the cure fail, I am but as I am. For treacheiy, 
if you mean any, your head will answer." 

" May the Tsar thrive as I am honest, " said the wise 
Ambassador. '* Then shall the earth quake at his 
footfall." 

Daddy Lull baked in the sun at his front door, with 
his head half buried in the mighty nectarine he nursed 
upon his lap. Lerilla was at work behind the house, 
busy, with all her childreii towiid. li'^t. There was a 

vy crop of fruit t\ieii \)em^ ^^>()ci^x^^, ^k^Sj. -^orr 



The Melon Garden. 349 

neighbours outside the slender paling waited confi- 
dently for their ample shares. Birds carolled among 
the boughs, and the mother also carolled with her 
children, while their hands were busy — 

" More, more, ever more and more ! 

Our garners are full. 

Yet we pluck and we pull 

More, more, ever more and more ! 

We are paid for our care. 

With far more than our share, 

More, more, ever more and more ! 

But we live and can give, — 
Can give our hearts to our neighbour. 
Can give our hands to our labour. 

The sky is light, the eye is bright. 

And trouble has set our garden right. 
Pluck, mother, pull maid ! 

The work of the willing is richly paid." 

A sound of martial music floated from afar over the 
plain, and a royal courier dashed up to Daddy Lull as 
ho was getting near the stone of his big nectarine. 

" One Lull, live here ? " 

Lull opened his mouth. 

" Fine melons ? " 

Lull stared. 

The man dashed round the comer of the house, saw a 
melon-garden worthy of a leader in the Court Gazette, 
and galloped back towards the horizon over which the 
Tsar's procession now began to show itself. The poor 
cottage was presently surrounded by. the brilliant court 
of the Emperor Tcha, every dignitary being in a coach 
or on a horse that had a pouch for his master's legshot 
fastened as a sort of holster to tlaa fe^^<3[\ft. 

Fob, the wise ambassadoT, made> %i ^xoiovw^^ ^^^^^ "^"T 



350 Fairy Tales. 

Daddy Lull, whose little ones stood near him -with their 
fingers in their mouths, wondering at the fine show. 
When Lerilla heard her husband spoken to, she came 
forward, to save him the distress of groping for his 
brains in order that he might return some answer. But 
what thing was this ? A royal camp to be pitched for | 
a week about her house 1 A bag of gold for a week's 
use of her melon garden ! Soldiers and officers of state 
to watch about it ! Denial to the Tsar's commands was, 
of course, impossible. ** I understand nothing about it, 
Cara," she said to her eldest daughter, " except that 
the gold will provide dowry for you and the other 
girls." 

" Surely," Cara said, ** our garden is under enchant- 
ment." 

*' If so, dear," answered the prudent woman, *' we 
have used no other conjuring rod than an honest spade. 
We shall not depend upon magic if we do our duty to 
the ground and take what comes." 

" I think, mother," said Cara, " we might as well 
go upstairs and look out of one of the back windows. 
Surely the King has not come here only to eat melons ! " 

Lerilla had the family dinner to prepare, but Cara 
ran upstairs to peep into the Melon Garden. Presently 
she cried, ** Mother ! mother ! never mind the dinner. 
You must come ! They have scooped the seed out of 
our biggest melon and are putting the King into it. 
Surely this must be treason, revolution ! What are we 
to do?'' 

Lerilla rushed out instantly to battle like a loyal 
woman for her sovereign, but was first repelled by files 
of soldiers, and then instructed by a friendly courtier 
as to the true state of the case. ''TWi.\^^^^-^^ tj:l«dl\\>^ 



The Melon Garden. 351 

the white robe," he said, "you may help us to watch. 
If there be treason, all of it is in his heart." 

Lerilla watched Foh very closely, and could do so 
easily, for he was often in the house or about the house 
doors talking to her husband. Lull was, to a certain 
degree, awakened by the conversation of this man. 
Lerilla never thought ill of her husband, and, consider- 
ing that Foh was in good company, felt quite at ease. 

The Tsar, with his feet slightly scarified by the Court 
Surgeon, had been duly grafted on the growing stem at 
the core of the melon. He ate of the wall of his 
chamber as it grew, but was kept in the dark as much 
as possible, because it is only on the surface of a fruit 
that the sun ought to shine. The trap-door by which 
he had entered the melon was removed occasionally for 
the admission of air. His Majesty had also a gong with 
him on which he struck whenever he desired any atten- 
tion. The good-natured Dit, meanwhile, observed all 
that was passing, and exerted himself underground to 
such good purpose, that the Emperor developed rapidly. 
In five days he burst the melon that contained him, 
.and stepped out the heaviest of monarchs. Before 
leaving the Melon Garden he enriched every member of 
Lerilla's household with gifts as substantial as himself. 

The wise Ambassador, now in the highest favour 
with King Tcha, obtained immediately all the signa- 
tures he asked, and being near the borders of his own 
country, was left behind to travel homeward in an 
opposite direction. But he did not quit the house. He 
had persuaded Lull into a speculation. Dame Lerilla, 
secretly vexed at the great change in her household, was 
yet glad to think that her husband had at last £o\iJx<5c<?csfe. 
g^reat work for which he was toV^ '^'^ "^^^ \>^^\v \i'5^cv^^ 



352 Fairy Tales. 

when his diploma came from one of the small uni- 
versities of Papoo. Then the house was reconstructed 
on a noble scale, as the Imperial Melon Cure Establish- 
ment, by Doctors Lull and Foh. Their ground was 
covered with great melons cultivated by Lerilla and her 
children. All the great lords and ministers of state 
who had been thinning themselves upon gruel and 
vinegar, would now desire sudden enlargement of their 
persons. The imperial example would be followed. 
Almost without management of theirs every big melon 
they could grow would have a lord in it, as surely as 
there never is a decent blackberry without its maggot. 

Though the Dit, Pulvillo, had a great contempt for 
Daddy Lull, yet, as he held firmly by the service of 
Lerilla, who was an obedient wife, the Melon Cure 
Establishment became renowned over all Teshu. Foh 
might have acquired sovereign wealth ; but it was not 
for wealth that he had thirsted. When the drinking of 
waters was deserted by fashion for the sitting in melons, 
when the melon season came to be the time for rest from 
public business, and Lerilla's Melon Garden was, in 
that season, the focus to which rank and power centred, 
the traitorous Papoo chose well his time. 

Scarification of the feet, with constant forcing in 
the melon bed, was used only in cases of extreme 
exhaustion. For the mere annual recruit of health, it 
was sufficient that the visitor slept every night within 
the melon which he rented, and, during the day, wan- 
dered among the wondrous nectarines and peaches, 
using a fruit diet, with gentle exercise. A time came, 
in the height of the fashionable season, when the Tsar, 
and all his ministers of state, his generals, and his high 
clergy y were assembled at th^ 1s1^\qti Qidx^^x^, 'YWa.^ in 



The Melon Garden, • 353 

the night, the villain Foh received a hostile troop from 
his own country. Soldiers of Papoo, coming with mnflfled 
wagons, CTit all the melons that contained the Tsar and 
the chief people of his empire, lifted them gently on the 
wagons, and then dragged them away into the midst of a 
vast invading army that was already across the frontier 
of Teshu. 

But the King's son, the Prince Imperial, had been 
accustomed to indulge with serenades the beautiful 
Cara. Cara was apt to rise at sundry times from bed, 
and peep under her blind, hoping that she, perchance, 
might see the youth approaching with his viol. Hear- 
ing a movement in the house, she rose, and she it was 
who saw the garden lie under the moonlight, full of 
leaves, and empty of its melons. The soldiers gallop- 
ing beside the melon carts were far away ; and out of a 
side gate suddenly dashed Foh, in military dress, urging 
a swift horse to full speed in the pursuit of them. 

Cara ran to her father and her mother. Lull was 
asleep for the night, and no power could rouse him; 
but Lenlla was brisk in an instant, hearing her 
daughter's report while she hurried on her clothes, 
and sounded an alarm throughout the house. " You 
are wrong, child," she said. Foh is not in pursuit as 
the Tsar's friend. Why did he slip out of the house, 
arousing nobody ? Ko, no. I was warned to watch the 
leathery man in the white robe. His heart was treason- 
ous, and I have trusted him. Alas ! alas ! " By this 
time she was among the pillaged melon beds, wringing 
her hands. " Why did I not keep watch ? The ruin of 
the country will be at my door." 

But as she spoke, she saw the body of a wo\\«l \\v^<^^ 
the ground glow witii warm ligiit. W,\\i.V^^ \v^ '5^.V^'«^.^^ 



3o4 Fairy Tales. 

half human and half worm-like, and said to her, " Be at 
ease, Lerilla. If haim come to the Tsar, it comes of my 
work in your service. But I love you well, and will 
not serve you ill. Leave those people to me." 

" And who are you ? " 

*' Pulvillo, an old Dit, who has been busy iindergrpund 
on your behalf, while you have been at work over my 
head. Your happy toil earned mine. Rely upon me. 
Follow the carts at once, and good will come." 

Pulvillo dived into the ground, and disappeared. 
Lerilla dressed her husband in his sleep, and caused 
him to be set by her side in 'a coach. Cara rode with 
her. The other children came on hoi-seback with a rout 
of servants. They all journeyed at full 8peed till 
morning ; but Pulvillo was before them. When they 
came in sight of the immense encampment of the Papoo 
army, into the midst of which the melons, with the pre- 
cious cores, had all been carried, Dame Lerilla's heart 
quailed. They reached the outposts. There the soldiers 
slept, and, marvellous to see, they and their weapons 
were all overgrown with coils of ivy. At the tramp of 
coming horses the men woke, struggled, and gave the 
alarm, but cOuld not stir. So it was at the next station, 
so throughout the camp. Pulvillo, working underground 
with all his might, had forced up tough twining and 
creeping plants, that held every Papoo netted firmly in 
their meshes. At sunrise, when Tcha and all his mighty 
men awoke, and stepped out of their melons, there lay, 
at the Emperor's disposal, the whole host of his enemies 
bound hand and foot, the thickest coil of ivy being 
round the waist of Foh. Daddy Lull awoke at the 
^aame time, and 'found himself ready dressed, which was 
a comfort. But why "he wa^^ T\^vo^m\i\«> ^«rr«k^^ V\!0^ 



The Melon Garden, 355 

his wife and Cara, why all his children and servants 
rode with him, through a howling wilderness — ^for every 
man caught in the leafy toils was howling or yelling — it 
almost occurred to him to ask. 

Lerilla, seeing the Tsar safe; and he was to be 
seen from a great distance in his present ampler 
state; jumped out of her coach, to throw herself in 
supplication at his feet She soon found that she had no 
pardon to entreat. She was no woman of mysteries, 
and fairly told all that she knew about the present aspect 
of affairs. 

" Your husband's friend, Pulvillo," said his Majesty, 
"has not only served our royal person, but has now 
performed high service to the empire. Half a century 
perhaps of war is spared the country by this dexterous 
achievement. My Lord Doctor Lull," said the King, to 
the magnificent husband of Lerilla, " you will remove 
your family to the metropolis. You will be always near 
our royal person. It is evident that our Melon Garden 
is unduly exposed upon the frontier, and that the power 
which exerted itself on 3'our former ground, will work 
on the estates that I shall give you in the suburbs of our 
capital. Ah I ah I O — oh ! " The Dit, who had been 
listening to all this speech, was nibbling angrily at one 
of the imperial toes. *' A twinge of gout, for the first 
time in my life," said Tcha, when the sharp agony was 
over. 

The original Melon Garden was deserted. Lull and 
his whole &mily did go to Court. Lull did become the 
Court Physician, and he rose to a great eminence, b}'- 
reason of his fine figure, his magnificent bald head, and 
his discreet habit of saying nothing. The depths of his 
mind were, to his dying day \nii«AXv«mfe^, «»Sl ^'st^ 



356 Fairy Tales. 

therefore, Held to be unfathomable. Great estates were 
given to him, and the planting of a central Melon Garden 
was requested by the State. - 

" Nothing will come of idleness," Lerilla said. " The 
good Dit has been very kind. He will work with me 
again, perhaps, but, as he hinted, he worked with me 
and not for me. Already I have too large profit by the 
partnership, when for his best work I give only mine." 
Therefore Lerilla spent her strength on the new 
land, and bound by a strong love to all her children, 
made them partners -of her toil and true believers in her 
doctrine. 

The Dit Pulvillo's admiration for this noblehearted 
dame rose to enthusiasm, and the estates given to her 
husband were enlarged annually by the government 
when it was found how quickly they were covered with 
a wealth of fruits that were the wonder of the country. 
Very soon it was in the power of Lerilla to give to her 
eldest daughter such a dowry as a prince might ask, and 
she was married to the viol-playing heir-apparent of the 
empire. All Cara's sisters were well married before 
their mother died. 

Until she died, her sons sustained her in her toil ; 
but after she was gone from them they quickly learnt to 
look with scorn upon spade labour. They compared the 
little work that came of their best efforts, with the 
wonderful result. ITiis brought them to the decision t 
that their own part of the work was not worth giving: ? 
they would be perfectly content to receive the balance ' 
left after the issue of their personal toil was deducted 
from the magic help they got. Their sister's marriage 
gave them dignity, tbat they must needs sustain hv 
ceasing to live in t\ie xankoiNcoTVwv^-m^xv. ^^^Isrc^siaK^ 



The Melon Garden. 357 

came to this resolve, the Dit aided them Mthfully. But 
when they gave themselvea to idleness, a gnawing giief 
possessed him. He set cruel teeth in all the rootlets he 
had cherished; and there was a great marvel in the city 
when the fruit dropped rotten from the houghs in all its 
famous orcbards, when the leaves turned yellow and 
black before their time, and in the midst of the bright 
antumn season, there was suddenly a winter of dead 
trees about the tx)wn. 

From Lerilla's grave grew the one tree that flourished. 
Upon that Pulvillo spent his energy. A mighty bread- 
fruit tree spread broad green branches, overshadowing 
the palace of the Emperor and alt the haunts of fashion. 
Il resisted time, and grew to be another marvel in the 
land. 

Doctor Lull lives in Teshu to the ninth generation, 
embalmed in the annals of the profession he so greatly 
ornamented. But of Lerilla there is no trace left, 
except a vague tradition that this bread-fruit tree grew 
from a plank set in the coffin of a faithful and hard- 
working woman. 




Fairy Tales. 



THROUGH THE ROSES. 



Nkak Bethlehem, Bays an old traveller, there is a field 
called Floridus. in which the firat roses api>eared. A 
fair maiden, fulnelj' hlamed, was there to suffer in the 
flames, and she looked up to Heaven when the fire was 
burning round about her. Then the faggots that were 
burning became red rose-bushes, and those that were 
not kindled became white rose-bushes, full of the first 
ixees that men ever saw. 

That is no bygone marvel. Fair or wrinkled, fresh 
or withering, some woman or man is known to each of 
us, Avho has looked up to Heaven from a martyr fiie, 
and of whom people little suffering and much com- 
plaining say, " This neighbour of ours may well smile, 
whose way of life is through the roses." 





STIFF-BEAED. 



Edtifol, Prince of Athj'rium, was the kindest fellow in 
the world ; yet there were thousands of people by whuiu 
all his goodneBS was foi^tten, because he hud one littlu 
outside oddity about him, which caused him to bo known 
commonly as Stifif-Beard, or the Prince with the U\;t\^Ut 
Hair. 



360 Fairy Tales. 

Botrychio, his father, reverenced widely as The Man, 
was the most shining of the Lordi^ of men. . In his proud 
country the highest chief did not descend to share with 
^ a mob of sovereigns who were not all respectable, any 
such name as Emperor or King. He was known as, 
among men, The Man ; not even The Man of Athyiium, 
but The Man. Simply The Man— because io be most 
distinguished among men of Athyrium, who were the 
greatest people in the world, was to be, for all the 
world, the Man of Men. Botrychio had an enormously 
strong body and a wonderful intensity of brain. By 
right of them he held this title ; but it did happen that 
when his son Rutifol was bom, the intensity of the 
father's brain seemed to have determined that the whole 
strength of the father*s body should descend in the son 
into the parts about the brain. So it happened that 
Rutifol had from infancy the thickest and the hardest 
skull, as well as the stiffest crop of hair, that has ever 
yet been heard of. 

When only ten days old he had his head shaved with 
a file ; for the young hairs, every one growing straight 
out of the head, wounded his mother and his nurse like 
needles. They were too hard to be cut with a razor, 
and the smith who filed them ofi" had to wear gauntlets 
while he was about his work. But the more the hair of 
The Man's son was filed, or trimmed with nippers, the 
more it grew to be stiff. At the age of five, each hair of 
his head was about as long, as thick and shai'p as a large 
darning-needle. At the age of ten, by an accident that 
would have been the death of any other boy, he fell, 
head foremost, from the top of the clock-tower of his 
fatber'8 palace into the -paved court below. The ends of 
tJiis hairs then ran to t\i<b vexy too\.^ \VxwvgQ.>Ccv^\SAax\^^ 



Stiff-Beard. 361 

into the ground below, and his strong head buried itself 
in the pavement like a cannon ball, as far as the root of 
his nose, so that he remained with his legs flourishing* in 
the air till he was uprooted, late at night, by machinery . 
that had to be erected for that purpose over him. One 
or two of his hairs were broken, but he had not suffered 
the slightest bruise. 

The rapid growth of the strong hair made it necessary 
that it should be daily trimmed. When whiskers, beard, 
and moustache had sprouted, every hair straight and 
strong as a corking-pin, in the same terrible fashion, no 
consideration of the fact that the more poor Rutifors 
hair was trimmed the stiffer it would grow, could excuse 
him for not using a hair-dresser. His hair, therefore, 
was dressed every morning by four blacksmiths, on an 
anvil fitted up for the purpose in his Highnesses dressing- 
room. The Prince laid his strong head on the anvil, 
while his feebler body was stretched easily upon a sofa. 
The anvil was arranged in the place of the sofa-pillow. 
The four blacksmiths then, working together with ^11 
their might, tipped his hair with great sledge hammers, 
that broke down all the sharp points, leaving only an 
inch or two towards the root that could not be destroyed 
by hammering. When this was done they trimmed the 
rough hair neatly by filing the jagged ends. Yet this 
Prince with the Upright Hair had mild eyes under eye- 
brows that looked daggers ; and he had lips that would 
have gladly kissed a wife if he could have given any- 
body one kiss without a thousand stabs. 

Now, it was necessaiy to the well-being of Athyrium 
that Prince Rutifol should marry. Botrychio, his fe-ther, 
said so, and whatever The Man said was to be daw-^^VfiA; 
to he done quickly. Rutifol 'was "kvcck&^i \)aa ^wsiccc^ 



362 Fairy Tales. 

Mail, and af er him tbere must be more to come, that 
oonld not come if Rntifol remained unmarried. So 
snpreme was the inherent dignity of the Lord of 
Athyrium, that it could receive no addition from a wife's 
rank. The wife of The Man might be any woman in 
the world, bom Empress or bom rag-picker; once 
married to The Man> she became The Woman, and was 
at the topmost height of human glory. But of all 
women, the Maid Lunary was most disposed to marry 
Eutifol. Lunary was a noble damsel, with a fair fiice 
and long yellow hair, who dressed in pearls and silver 
every day of her life ; and of all youths, it was Eutifol 
who was most ready to marry her. " Jf you w^ould but 
get rid of that stiff beard ! " she said, when he declared 
his mind. 

" Sweet maid," he answered, " I will wrap two feet of 
bolster round my hair whenever I come into your pre- 
sence. You shall not have a scratch though we live 
ninety years together." 

" And how am I to sleep of a morning," Lunary asked, 
" when you are having your head dressed by the black- 
smiths ? No, my dear Rutifol, surely some oil can be 
found that will soften even hair like yours, and change 
its colour from that dismal iron grey. I will engage 
myself to you only on condition that we marry when 
your chin is smooth." 

Rutifol bowed assent. Raising Maid Lunaiy's hand, 
he guided hor taper fingers carefully between the spikes 
of his beard and moustaches ; it was a slender hand, 
and by opening his mouth to its utmost width, he could 
make room enough to advance the longest finger to one 
of hk lips. This was the prettiest way he had of kiss- 
ing ber. The unmanageaVA^ ^b^tX. q^ \C\% %nSS. \i^«x^ ^^ 



Stiff-Beard. 363 

now so long tliat he could only feed himself by using a 
fork and spoon of more than ordinary length ; and as 
he could bring no cup to his lips, he sucked through 
9traw when he was thirsty. His head he covered night 
and day with a hugh wadded turban ; but the stiff 
porcupine beard would in no way be conquered or 
concealed. Prince Stiff-Beard, therefore, was the name 
by which poor Rutifol commonly went ; they were only 
the wise people who had more imagination for what was 
nnder his turban than eyes for what was under his 
nose, by whom he was known as the Prince with 
Upright Hair. 

The Fairies know so much that they may have from 
the first been busy with their own devices to promote 
the growth of this young prince's haii*. Certainly it 
was odd that when the scaly giant Cetarach caught the 
fairy Moon wort astride on a wild bee that was flying to 
the nest which, with his hard crocodile hands, he was 
robbing of its honey, he should have replied as he did 
to her threats : — " Titania's subject, are you ? " he said. 
*' Her favourite dancer, eh ? Well, henceforth you shall 
dance before me. See ; I tie you by the leg to my waist- 
buckle, and there you may dance till I die. For your 
comfort let me tell you that I have a surprising consti- 
tution, and I like so well to see you twist and twirl, 
that I ^hall laugh and live the longer for your company." 

'* The Fairies will make war upon you," Moon wort 
said. 

" Let them," said Cetarach. ** I shall enjoy the sport 
of having others like yourself about me." 

" I hope, though—" 

** Don't hope, though. Let me be merciful and ^xsl 
you out of the pain of hoping. "MLy ^o^. TDL<i^«^i^^:^^*^^si- 



364 Fairy Tales. 

pender, boiled me with fennel and other herbs, when I 
was a baby ; with charmed herbs, over a charmed fire, 
in water that rained out of a cloud raised by enchant- 
ment. I don't know what the powers of herbs are, but 
you may rely upon it the good Scolopender knew ; and 
she has told me many a time that I am charmed against 
every sort of death, unless it be death by the chin of a 
man who can kill me with one scrub of his beard. You 
see, little Miss, what a comfort it is to have j'ou here 
and talk to you about myself. After she had gathered 
her herbs mamma did not notice that she dropped on 
the way a piece of Bristle Fern, which her cat brought 
to her in his mouth after I had been fished up out of the 
pot. It was not worth while to boil me again for charm 
against a risk like that. Do you think I look like a 
fellow to be killed with a single rub of a man's bristly 
chin?" Cetarach drew himself up to his full height, 
and stretched his scaly arms in triumph. His skin, 
from head to foot, was like the crocodile's. 

At night, when Cetarach was asleep, Titania missed 
the beautiful court^dancer, Moonwort, from her ring. 
The bee she had ridden and the bees whom the giant 
robbed had been flying distracted up and down their 
wood — the same wood that was haunted by the Fairies. 
A stray Fairy had from the bees the fatal news upon her 
way to Court, and when it was told there, all the Fairies, 
with the bees for guides, flew to the monster's cave. 
But, alack the day, how powerless they were against 
him ! They could not even tickle him so that he should 
twitch a finger in hi^ sleep. Least of all could they 
unloose little Moonwort from the knot that tied her to 
the giant's waist-'buckle. 
Around Moonwort, wak^i\i\ ^Tvacrcist, ^^ \5fe'^ «qSv. 



Stiff-Beard. 365 

Fairies then assembled, to learn wliat she had to tell. 
But when she had told all, Titania laughed. ,Then all 
the Fairies laughed, because they knew that their queen's 
mirth betokened happiness ; and Moon wort also laughed, 
well knowing that her mistress was not cruel. 

"Here is a beautiful adventure," said her Majesty, 
"for that Piince Kutifol, whom they call Stiff-Beard. 
In how many days can a bee fly hence to Athyrium ? " 

" Sweet Sovereign, in ten.'* 

Titania then whispered her message in the ear of 
Moonwort's bee and sent him off, but the whole swarm 
went with him as escort. At the end of ten days they 
came to the Court of Botrychio, where Kutifol, with a 
head and face like a porcupine's back, was in a pantry, 
with Maid Lunary, pounding together lard and almonds. 
That was a compound wherewith he had been advised 
to dress his head seven times a day. The bees, when 
they had flown thrice round his spiky hair, swarmed 
on the pestle. But Moonwort's bee soon rose again, 
and fluttering in the air close to his ear, hummed these 
words : — 

" Rutifol, attend to me ! Know why we have appeared ! 
Hard and scaly Cetarach, the son of Scolopender, 
Gripes the little tender Moonwort. You are her defender ! 
Hard and scaly Cetarach, you can lay upon his back, 
And set the fairy dancer free, with one scrub of your beard." 

^Vhen Stiff-Beard heaid tlie name of Cetarach his 
hair lengthened and his beard seemed to grow stiffen 
A strange instinct impelled him to leap up and strike 
his fist so fiercely on the table that the pestle yim.x^^<3. 
out of the mortaTy and the "bees, a\\ ^y\xl^ixQ^ca.*^^^'^'^^ 



366 Fairy Tales. 

again with a wild buzz into the air. Maid Lnnary 
herself was scared away. 

Now, as it happened that The Man's great black 
horse was at the door, Rutifol, hurrying out, leapt on 
its back. Being invited by the bees to follow them, he 
rode for ten days over moor and fell, through brook and 
river. He slept on his journey in the open air when it 
was dark, and breakfasted at daylight on the honey that 
the bees collected for him in the early dawn. 

On the tenth day they had reached a frowning rock 
which overhung the sea. Then the Prince turned his 
horse into a meadow, and a dozen bees remained to 
watch it. Rutifol had come abroad to fight the giant, 
in the same green velvet tunic and red satin body- 
clothes that he had on when he was pounding almonds 
with Maid Lunary. He had not so much as a court 
sword by his side ; but then, to be sure, he had one of 
those heads that can fight its way through anything. 

The sharp, loose stones of the mountain side tore 
great holes in his gilt and jewelled slippers, as he 
struggled up. The sea widened before him ; the oppo- 
site coast rose and spread into a far vision of opposite 
countiy. There were river meadows and sea marshes 
below him ; the golden autumn plain and the great 
fairy-haunted forest that was but as one of' the cloud 
shadows darkening its surface. All these were not 
many times larger than the eagle soaring over them, 
the flapping of whose near wings the climber heard. 
Beyond the plains, mountain surged over mountain; 
here in sunshine, there smeared with the falling dark- 
less of a distant shower. The chill gust of the wind 
on the mountain heig\vt "be^axi Yo ^V\%^^ ^-^^ssv.'^ '<i\ft 
Prince's teeth ; but it nvow\^ \YaN^^i\Q^\v "Csi^m ^Q^»^Ti.\sv*. 



Stiff-Beard. 367 

throat before it could have stirred one of the stiff, 
upright hairs upon his head and chin. 

A turn in the path brought the Prince, who had been, 
left by the bees, suddenly into the presence of the giant 
Cetarach. The monster looked like a great lizard in 
the figure of a man. His scales were of the same colour 
as the rock, and he was lying among the crags, with his 
feet dipped in a mountain tarn. His head was fixed, 
and motionless as the head of a reptile at rest, but his 
eyes were intent on his waist-buckle ; for there, set in 
the full rush of a draught of ice-cold mountain wind, 
the tender little Moonwort, with a string about her 
waist, was pirouetting. 

When the tiny Fairy saw Kutifol scrambling up the 
rocks, she clapped her hands, and suddenly stood still 
to look at him. The giant, slowly moving one of his 
arms, pinched her, but ^he only answered with a little 
cry of joy. Cetarach then turned his head languidly 
to see what pleased her, and beheld — terrible sight — a 
man unarmed, fighting against the wind, that had 
already torn some of his silk clothes into shreds ; yet^ 
making his way slowly up, with a fierce head, on which 
the rigid hair stood all upright and motionless. Upon 
his chin the stranger bore the terror of ten thousand 
lances. 

"Oh, Mother Scolopender! was this danger possible?" 
the monster cried. " I'ut you shall dance for me still. 
Do not exult yet, little prisoner ! Know that I bear a 
charmed life and can fly where none may follow." Con- 
fident in this thought, Cetarach climbed a fresh height 
of the mountain, and paused at the edge of a deep stony 
chasm, where the great hills had been cleft from head 
to foot Into that gulf Eutifol savi "kVxiL \^*5y.^ \ «s>L^\»Xsi 



368 Fairy Tales. 

the same gulf Putifol, when he had reached its edge, 
fearlessly flung himself head foremost. Cetarach Lad 
indeed been charmed in the caldron against hurt from 
broken bones, but Stiff-Beard know 'well that he had 
only to fall on his head to be secure from hurt by any 
sort of tumble. The rock on which the Prince fell was 
so hard that the hard tips of his hair, instead of piercing 
it, rebounded from it, casting him up again into the sky. 
Four times he thus rebounded, and at each stroke of 
his hair on the flint there was so much fire struck that 
lightning seemed to flash through the dark chasm. 

Then the giant, arming each of his great scaly claws 
with a ton's weight of rock, began to beat about Euti- 
foFs head ; and having caught the head between the two 
stones, tried to grind it into powder. It w^as well for 
the Prince that the stupid monster had not tried a blow 
upon his body before beating him off his legs with a 
stroke on the whisker, that assisted the leap up at his 
own throat. There, when he had a firm gripe on the 
giant's neck, with one scrape of his beard, he scratched 
his head off. 

When the head fell, there, of course, ran out of it all 
the knowledge and the ignorance it had contained. The 
ignorance rushed out as a black mist that filled the 
whole ravine, making the air so dark that it was not 
easy for Stiff-Beard to grope his way to Cetarach's 
waist-buckle. At last he found it, and felt that already 
the string was broken, and the fairy gone. " Well," he 
thought, with a shrug of his shoulders, "now it is my 
turn to bo helped." lie could not climb out of the abyss 
through that black darkness, so he felt his way back 
to the giant's scaly head, and when he had found that. 
fat Tipon it to await the Te8c\xGt\^^l^l^V\\^^^^^3\$).^Qw^K:. 



Stiff-Beard. 36^) 

i . It came, but not at once. Rutifol had been waiting 
I for some liours, when a point of light far above him 
\ struck like the beam of a star through the night by ' 
\v:hich he was surrounded. It broke into rainbow 
colours that defined clearly the tiny figure of the Fairy 
king, who was placing on his bow an arrow tipped with 
a sharp point of blinding light. And when he shot 
that arrow through the darkness of the gulf, the dense 
mist broke into a million of rainbows. The hanging 
gardens of the Fairies then were seen by the Prince, 
colouring the nigged peaks far overhead, and all that 
stirred in them, distant as they were, was to be per- 
ceived, through their own magical light, .as distinctly 
as if they had been close at hand. By Oberon's side, 
in the middle of the gardens, sat Titania, on piled 
cushions of rose-leaves. A host of Fairies gambolled 
on the yellow garden paths that seemed to have been 
gravelled with the dust of the queen lily. Merrily 
capering before the throne of Oberon was Moonwort, 
who led the Queen's company of fairy dancers. The 
Prince, gazing up between the rainbows, watched her 
with delight, and beat quick time with his own big 
foot to her movements. Then lie saw what seemed to 
be a dark army marching up to the gates of the fairy 
garden. It was the friendly regiment of bees hived in 
tha fairy forest. Only Moonwort's bee was admitted 
to the royal presence, and upon his back Moonwoit 
presently flew down to Rutifol. As she descended, all 
the Fairies turned their faces to look after her, and fix 
their eyes on her friend Stiff-Beard, who still sat upon 
the scaly head of Cetarach. 

At that moment, the moon rising oveT tly^ Txv<3sa»Jwjik^ 
top, Booded the Prince with so Tmic\i \\^^> ^Oos^ V^ 



370 Fairy Tales. 

could see very clearly lying here and there the few bits 
of knowledge that had run out of Cetarach^s head when 
it was scraped <^. One of these lay at his feet. Idly 
he picked it up, and found it to he knowledge of the 
place in which lay hidden Scolopender's magic herbal. 
This was the book that had taught her all her secrets. 
While Rutifol turned the information over, Moonwort 
chimed in lus ear, *' Your fairy lover finds it above her 
wit to discover the way to cover your head with slender 
splendour, or render hair like spike tender. By hook 
or by crook in the magic book of Cetarach's engenderer, 
the mighty Scolopender, we must look." 

" Ah," said he, '* I have just picked up the knowledge 
of that book's hiding-place. But then I cannot get at 
it without the key. The key is a drop of bat's blood, 
and there is here no bat*s blood, unless Cetarach had 
bat's blood in his body." 

" OberoQ gave me the key, and here it is," said Moon- 
wort, holding up the small bubble in which, as in a bag, 
she carried it. *' Now show me the lock it is to fit." 

" The drop must fall on the red toadstool, yonder." 

Moonwort galloped her bee over the toadstool, and. 
bursting hor bubble as she crossed it, let the drop of 
bat's blood sink into its crown. At once the rock below 
began to heave, and there sprang up a plant like a 
cactus, with thick leathery leaves, and each leaf spotted 
with words. The bee flew in and out among its foliage, 
while Moonwort read as she rode, until, having found 
what she looked for, she clapped hands and read aloud 
this receipt—" For softening a Stubborn Head of Hair." 



n n^ 



Take Half a Pound of the Bloom of the Plum, 
Scraped from tW FY\i\\. m\Xi ^X^?^\^V3 '"^^vwxxvV* -^ 
Fiom Nine a.m. vwaUV Ox\e o'do^V §Xx\V^^, 
Ut a Soft little V^Xm m\i v\m \vvVq \}cv^ ^y^^^%: 



Stiff-Beard. 371 

. Having read this aloud the fairy broke into gay 
laughter, and fluttered back through all the rainbows 
to the Fairies, who were laughing with her. Presently 
she was to be seen dancing madly again before the fairy 
throne, with all her company of fairy dancers threading 
mazes round about her. 

" I am mocked," thought Kutifol ; " yet she is pro- 
vokingly pretty, and all is to be forgiven for such 
dancing ! " Although he had been sitting down that 
cleft in the heart of the mountain from midday until 
midnight, the Prince only cared to keep his eyes fixed 
on the faiiy gardens, and to watch the twirling of the 
fairy dancer whom he had set free. But Oberon, at 
last, putting his horn to his lips, sounded a low, musical 
note, that Stiff-Beard closed his eyes to hear. All sense 
that there might have been of hunger or fatigue passed 
out of his frame, and he seemed to be gliding with the 
sound, in perfect happiness, he knew not whither. As 
the sense of the music became fainter, the sense of the 
gliding became very distinct. For Stiff-Beard, opening 
his eyes again, saw that he was, in truth, sailing down 
a broad, smooth river, in an ivory boat, with the light 
night- wind flapping in her silken sails, and the full 
moon silvering the ripples in her wake. The black 
horse of Botrychio his father, on which he had ridden 
forth, was littered down in a state cabin, that seemed to 
have been fitted up for him with a jewelled rack and 
golden manger. There were no sailors on board ; but 
the rudder knew its work. 

For this was the river that flowed through the great 
city, and by the many-towered palace of The Man ; and 
as the sails furled themselves, the boat«»too^«»\J^^"^^'?w^ 
of the marble road that led up to \\v^ ^^%syb ^'ax^* 

a ^ ^ 



372 Fairy Tales. 

Eutifol had not time to wish, for a broad plank between 
the boat and shore before the black horse came out of his 
stall to cross a little bridge that rose out of the water, 
and seemed, like the water, to be silver. The horse 
having passed over this bridge, walked in the direction 
of the stables, and was neighing up the ostler, before 
Stiflf-Beard, having shaken off his sense of being in a 
dream, had leapt to shore. Then, when he had quitted 
it, the ivory boat, without losing its daintiness of form, 
shrank to the size of a cockleshell, and seemed to have a 
straw for mast, with sails of gossamer. Eutifol believed 
that he saw Moon wort on board, dancing at him. 

When the most* noble Botrychio awoke next morn- 
ing, it was told him that his son, who had been absent 
eleven days, was now returned. The Prince, therefore, 
was ' sent for ; and, coming into his father's presence 
with hair as Upright as ever, told him all that had 
happened, and how he had come home with a sure 
receipt for softening his stubborn head of hair : — 

" Take Half a Pound of the Bloom of Phim, 
Scraped from the Fruit with a Dainty Thumb ; 
From Nine a.m. until One o'clock strikes, 
Let a soft little Palm rub this into the spikes." 

" Here," said the Maid Lunary, when the receipt had 
been written down and read at Court ; " here are two 
things to be done. I claim to be the first to serve my 
future husband, let who will be the second. The first 
of the two things to be done, it is my privilege to do. — 
Ho, page ! go order me ten baskets of plums with the 
bloom on." 
Plums were brougVit. T^^^^ 15l^\^ \iV5Siscc^ ^^^^aed for 
the occasion ; and witii \ieT aVeeN^^ ^^voJC^^ \^^0«^ts5^. 



Stiff-Beard. , 373 

rubbed her thumb over plum after plum, and wiped the 
bloom oflf very easily. But when the bloom was rubbed 
from all the plums, she had got nothing of it but a 
faint little suggestion of dirt upon her fingers. " Order 
more plums!" she cried. More plums were brought. 
She rubbed at plums all the day long, and her success 
was, that by night-fall, she had a most decided stain of 
dirt upon her thumb. But there was nothing to put 
into the half-pound porcelain jar, with which the proper 
quantity of bloom was to be measured. . " We are 
mocked I " she cried. " Prince with the Upright Hair, 
I wash my hands of you." So she left the jar standing 
in the marble court of the palace, in the midst of the 
heaps of plums over which she had been rubbing her 
thumb, and went to bed in a sad pet, 

Kutifol also went to bed, and dreamt that he saw 
Moonwort dancing between the boughs of all the plum- 
trees in the world, scraping, with fairy thumb, the bloom 
from all their fruit ; and whenever she had collected her 
own tiny hand full throwing it into the laps of other 
Fairies, who flew to and fro. When the moon had 
reached that part of the sky from which her direct 
light went through the Prince's window and struck on 
his pillow, he was roused, and tumbled out of bed with 
a sleepy desire to know whether the Fairies really were 
at work for him. But he was wide awake in an instant 
when, on looking down into the court-yard, he saw 
Moonwort's company of dancers capering round the 
porcelain pot, while there was a constant flying to and 
fro of little fairies, who seemed to be transacting busi- 
ness inside it. 

" Kind little Moonwort ! " Stiflf-Beard si^hftd. /' ^V.'^K. 
an active wife jon will be for soiaebo^^ \" 



374 . Fairy Tales, 

In the morning there was half-a-pound of plum- 
bloom in the jar, exact to a hair's weight ; and how it 

« 

got there, only Stiflf-Beard knew. He told his father 
privately, but kept the secret from the people. Then 
the Maid Lunary was called upon, as some one else had 
taken out of her hands the preparation of the hair- 
powder, to claim her right of rubbing it into the 
Prince's head. 

" But I've washed my hands of this whole business," 
she said. IS' one of her attendant ladies and no lady of 
the Court would offer, with her soft little palm, from 
nine in the morning until one o'clock struck, to rub the 
balm into those frightful spikes. His Highness The 
Man at last declared that there was only one course left 
to him. So he proclaimed that any person who, with a 
hand of the required softness, would apply the balm to 
the Prince's head in the required manner, should, if a 
man, take half his possessions ; if a woman, take his 
son. " I wish you an old crone to wife," said the ^laid 
Lunary io Rutifol. 

And it seemed likely that her wish would come to 
pass. Rutifol sat, every morning, by the porcelain pot 
in the court-yard, with his head bare, ready for any 
helping hand ; and not a hand was offered, until after 
many days there came into the yard an old crone who 
was very wrinkled, though not very ugly. She had 
bright eyes, and a white soft chin; but she was bald, 
toothless, deeply wrinkled, and bent nearly double by 
the weight of years. Her wrinkled hand was small, 
and wondei-fully soft; there could be no doubt that she 
might claim her right to risk its skin upon the spikes 
of RutifoV^ head, if she chose to ^o ^o. ^W did choose 
to do so; and the Maid liunary xeVAc.e$L-,\svyX.SX\fe^Tv\vRfc 



Stiff-Beard, 375 

was not sorry, for he tmdersfood the fun that he saw 
in hia old friend's eyes, " Surely, you are an old 
fiieiid?" he baid, as the crone dipped her hands into 
the porcelain pot and rubbed them together. "Nobody 
would call me a young friend," she answered ; and he 
was sure, by some far away ring in her cracked -i-oice, 
Ihat this was Fairy Moonwort, playing tiiclcs iipon him. 




At the firet stroke of nine, the old womrtii began to 
riib the plum-bloom over Hutifol's head, beard, and 
whiskers. The points of the hairs bent under her 
hands, and Lunary was very much diw^cieftd. Vd VJ«,.iii Vt-t 
worJc from her, w]ien she saw tliat "liwii^ ■waft ^"^ ^^^ 



376 Fairy Tales. ' 

danger in it. But ITie Man held firmly by the promise 
he had given. All the Ministers of State were assembled 
in the sunny court-yard under the clock-tower ; The 
Man himself sitting under the shade of the great 
columned portico, surrounded by the carved emblems ' 
of Justice that led into his great audience hall. At 
noon, the Prince's hair flowed over his shoulders in soft 
ringlets, and his beard was like fine silk. A question 
was then raised by the old woman while she nibbed— 
Was it required that she should carry out the terms of 
the presci-iption to the letter? Eutifors hair already 
was soft, and she believed the head itself had now 
begun to soften. But The august Man having declared 
that when anything that has to be done, is not done to 
the letter, worse evil than can be dreaded from fulfil- 
ment of the duty is sure to arise from neglect of it, the 
old woman rubbed on. Yet it was evident that, before 
one o'clock struck, the unnatural hardness of Rutifors 
head would be subdued into softness like that of the 
hair now flowing over it in glossy ringlets. The 
Prince's head bent, indeed, already under the touch, 
and when one o'clock struck, he jumped to his feet 
with faultless hair and beard, and so soft-headed that 
his skull could be squeezed like a sponge. But the 
strength that had gone out of his head seemed to have 
been forced down into his legs, for he was unable to 
keep them still, even in the majestic presence of his 
father. And he not only shuffled, beat time, and cut 
small, unexpected capers, but occasionally took upright 
leaps, twinkling his feet while he did so, in a way that 
astonished all the courtiers. 

" What was to "be done, \^ ^otv^. "^^s.^. iWt my son's 
condition is improved" 'YYie ls\a.Tv ^-^K.^, ^^^ ^*^^ ^^^ 



Stiff-Beard. 377 

undertake to say, or that it will be improved, my good 
woman, when you have married him. What is your 
age?" 

"Nine hundred and seventy-three come next May- 
day," the good woman replied. 

" Oh, yes, I know," said Kutifol, " and you are Moon- 
wort. Fairies are very long lived. I will be yours." 

*' And I am yours," she said. " It is true that I am 
Moonwort. Nevertheless, like weds only with like. 
Either I must become a woman, as you see, with my 
years upon me, to live as a Princess here; or you 
must become a Fairy as I am, to dance with me before 
Titania." 

"What say you, father?" asked the Prince, bounding 
with joy into the sky, and falling into an imposing atti- 
tude of supplication upon one of his great toes, 

'* It is not for me, son, to control your destiny. A 
man tiaust do what he can best do. You had a gifted 
head, and did with it the work it had to do. Now, it 
appears that you have highly gifted legs." 

" Then, father, it must be, now that my head is 
soft, my destiny to dance. Yes, I will be a Fairy with 
you, Moonwort. — Principal male dancer at the Court of 
Oberon, and such a wife to dance with! Destiny of 
destinies ! " 

The Man would have sighed aloud had not a gay 
strain of soft music then arising drowned the sigh in 
his heart, and brought smiles to his face. The courtiers 
all smiled, the Maid L unary laughed, and everybody 
presently began snapping fingers in tune with the 
music. Then all the grosser pai-ts of Rutifol burst into 
air with a loud explosion, the old worciMi N^Td3^<b^^ ^lacs.^ 
the most exquisite of little Fairy TaaTi ^^^^a Xsi^^'^ '^'^^so. 



I 



878 Fairy Tales. 

waltzing out of the Court with the meriiest and love- 
liest of little Fairy women. As they twirled them- 
selves out of sight, the fairy music followed them, till 
it was out of hearing. 

It was heard again, though, after midnight, when it 
floated The Man out of his bed, and wafted him to his 
son Fol's (the Prince had left part of his name behind 
him), to Fol's wedding in Fairyland. There he saw 
what a fine thing it is to be piincipal dancer to the Fairy 
Sovereigns, llie greatest of potentates having come 
home at dawn from his scm's wedding, got out of bed at 
breakfast time, perfectly satisfied. He had seen his 
son well settled. He had obtained also a treaty of 
commerce with Puck, from which he expected great 
advantages to the State. 




THE CLEAR HEAD. 



At the Court of Grig the Thirty-ninth, nobody was ip 
more credit than the Marquis Polypody. He was a 
stately man, with a couical bald crown, and a great 
concave nose. When he spoke his lips worked soberly, 
they never played. There was no person alive to whom 
the Marqnis Polypody evev liad betrayftd bift 'Oo.wa.'^'w.- 
Hia was too clear a hc^ad for ttat. 



380 Fairy Tales. 

The Marquis Polypody's head was clear of brains, 
and from the walls of its empty cave reverbemted the 
opinions of whatever person might at any moment 
happen to address him. But the reverberation had 
in it a sonorous rumble, giving it an air of great 
originality. 

His Lordship always kept an even countenance. All 
who were about him, except the mere jokers of the 
Coui-t, were flattered by the very serious way in which 
he received, as if it were a matter of great moment, 
any sort of communication made within his hearing. 
Jokers, indeed, were disposed to laugh at this, but 
dared not. Who was so happy as the poet, when he 
was allowed to dedicate his idleness to the clear-headed 
Marquis Polypody. Such a name prefixed to his vain 
dreamings, gave them an air of reality. The man of 
science gladly recognised the value of his own dis- 
coveries when his hope that they might serve his 
country, rumbled back upon him from within the 
cavernous head of the great Marquis, as a positive 
assurance that his country was much served by his dis- 
coveries. As fur negotiation, at that he was admitted 
to be first in the known world. He could handle a 
napkin or receive a snuff-box irreproachably. He could 
negotiate an empty peace, with the deliberation that 
would give it value. He could baffle the acutest of 
ambassadors who sought to find out what he knew. For 
he had the sublime way of knowing nothing, creakily 
and slowly, that enables its possessor to look blandly 
down on the possessor of mere everyday wisdom, that 
moves cheerily with an undignified brisk trot. 
During many reigns, t\\e ^^\a.e.^ o^oASL^led by Grig the 
. Tbirty-ninth, had "been mies.l^^\>^ ^ «^^Tm ^I^^vtv^. 



The Clear Head. 381 

They were good-natured, but inconveniently frolicsome. 
It pleased them to be on too familiar terms with the 
King and the high officers of the Court, and to disturb 
business with ill-timed freaks of folly. Grig the Thirty- 
eighth had ordered all those parts of the palace which 
were supposed to be the special haunts of these meddle- 
some creatures to be closed, and in the other chambers 
and halls, he had hung every object to which power 
was ascribed of offending the good people and driving 
them away. They did not take offence, for it was not 
their humour ; but they were really in want of a hole 
to ci eep into that they could call their own. 

One day, two little Fairies, Aspid and Lastrea, chasing 
one another, ran into the caverns of the Marquis Poly- 
pody's nose, and found how they communicated with the 
greater cavern of his head. Away therefore they lan to 
report to their comrades that the Marquis's head had 
nothing at all in it, and that the fine large cave under 
his skiiU afforded room enough to lodge them all. Then 
all the Fairies ran together to the hole which had thus 
been found for them. 

The Marquis Polypody chanced to be at supper with 
the King, in the King's private cabinet, courteously 
returning to him his opinions in the foim of counsel, 
when, through all the gates of his senses — eyes, nose, 
ears, and mouth — there happened the grand rush of 
Fairies to the cave under his skidl. The elfin people, 
fall of glee when they perceived its airiness and roomi- 
ness, abandoned themselves to mad gambolling, and 
brushed violently and continually against the pia mater 
lining their apartment. 

The poor Marquis ! His Majesty waa on tha '^owxl <s^ 
tears over the story of a pressuie ipvit \v^oTi.VvxEL\r3\sNs. 



382 Fairy Tales. 

subjects, that was inconsistent with his kingly dignity, 
when the bewildered statesman, leaning back in his 
chair, said — 

** Cheer up. Grig!" 

** My lord ? " stammered his Majesty. 

" Cheer up ! Take another glass of wine. 

** Behave as a Grig ! 
Dash off your wig ! 
Any pig may be big, 
But a fig for the Grig 
Who don't chii-p! chirp! chirp! chirp! chimip!" 

*' Conduct the Marquis Polypody to his own apart- 
ments," the King said to the attendants. " His mind," 
he thought, "has been overtaxed by State aiFairs. I 
will send my physician to him." 

But an Elf, who peeped through one of my Lord's 
eyes, reported what was passing to her friends inside. 
The Fairies then all ceased their tumbling, and, while 
Aspid rushed away to tickle the King, cunning Lastrea 
whispered words that rumbled gently out of the Clear 
Head. 

"Forgive me, Sire. There was, a minute ago, a 
sudden whirling in my head, that has now passed away. 
I never before felt it. While it lasted, I seem to have 
been mad. But now I am again your faithful and 
respectful servant." 

Aspid was sitting in the royal ear. 

''Rest yourself, my Lord Polypody," said the King, 
with an affectionate smile, as he dismissed the man in 
waiting. ''You work too hard in our service. The 
wiirlpool in your head, I think, my Loi d, brought me 



The Clear Bead. 383 

up one of your deep thoughts in a wild way. We 
might he merrier, without heing less wise. See now, 
ray wig is laid aside. What say you, my Lord? ShalJ 
we chirp ? " 

Thereupon, King and statesman sat over the fire 
together cosily, and the good little Fairies, who had a 
mind to maintain the credit of the house they occupied, 
poured so much frank and earnest talk out of the states- 
man's head, that Giig the Thirty-ninth took leave of 
him with an embrace, and declared that he would hold 
a Cabinet Chirp with him three times a week. 

When my lord the Marquis went to bed, the kind 
little creatures in his cranium amused themselves with 
acting dainty dreams for his amusement; There was a 
tone of friendliness about them all that gave a perfectly 
new sort of movement to his lips when, in the morning, 
lie sat at his breakfast with the Marchioness, and with 
his son and daughter. 

" Wife," he said to the Marchioness, '' it will be late 
before we meet again. What if we chatter as we did 
when we were young ? " 

The Marchioness opened her eyes very widely, for 
my lord usually buried his nose at breakfast-time in a 
big book, that was one of his properties. 

" Husband," she answered, '' if you have leisure, and 
are well disposed, I wish you would hear what our son 
Filix there must, sooner or later, tell yon." 

Tbe Fairies crowded to both eyes of thie Lord Poly- 
iwdy, and looked out of them as the son spoke, while 
a swarm of Fairies took possession of his Lordship's 
tongue, ready to manage it when fit occasion came. 
The Fairies looking out of my Lord's ^yes., <^%n^ W^e^ ^vs 
gentle an appeurance that the \>oy bi^oVl^ ivoxcv Vx'feVv.w 



384 Fairy Tales, 

"I have gone astray, dear father," he said; "have 
found at the Court evil counsellors, and am in debt ; in 
the toils also of false fiiends. I looked for You, some- 
times, when you have been busy, or have seemed to be 
so far above my foolishness, that I dared not open my 
soul to you ; but now " — 

Here the Fairies began working the great tongue. 

*' Now, my boy, you find that your father is of one 
clay with yourself, stiff with a few more years of age, 
but of one piece with you. To whom shall a son look 
for a partner in his proud and happy thoughts, to whom, 
on earth, shall he go for help in trouble, if not to his 
father? When you get a wife, I will yield up to her 
the place of counsellor and comforter ; now, I divide it 
with your mother, boy. Speak to us fearlessly as to the 
people you may trust with all your mind. Why, fellow, 
we must needs love you, though you were the vilest 
upon earth ! " 

" Henceforth, father, my soul is open to you," said 
the youth. 

" Take my confidence, also, papa, while you are about 
it," said the daughter, Aemula. ** 1 had agreed to run 
away to-morrow with the young lord Gj'umogram, be- 
cause I cannot marry your old friend the Marquis 
Polystick." 

" Polystick is an ass, my dear," said the complaisant 
father. " Do not run away with Gymnogram, because 
he also is an ass. But marry neither." 

" That is what I should like best," the daughter said. 

'* Exactly so," said his lordship. *' Folly in me set 
on foot folly in you. Wait fill an honest man shall 
love jou, my dear Aemula ; then make your father 
comfortable by acceptm^^iVai." 



The (Jlear Head. 385 

"My dear/* said the MarcHoness, to her husband, 
"some whisper arose in the palace from the servants' 
liall, about a touch of madness that appeared in you 
last night when dining with the King. Are you quite 
sure you are yourself this morning ? " 

** More myself, than I have been for years," said Poly- 
pody. 

" Then," said his wife, ** I also am more yours than I 
have been for years." 

When the Marquis Polypody retired to his study, and 
would write, there sat a Fairy over the mouth of his 
ink-bottle. 

** Out of the way, little mischief," he said, " or I 
shall dip my pen through you." 

" Do," said the Fairy. 

'* You are quite in earnest about that ?" 

" Quite." 

So my Lord Polypody's pen passed through the Fairy 
Marattin, on its way into the ink-bottle, and the little 
creature took no stain when it came through him again 
on its way back full of ink. 

But where now were the long State sentences he 
used to write? Had he quite lost the power of pro- 
ducing documents ? Sentences, once as long as his 
whole body, could to-day be measured by his thumb. It 
was clear to him that if he wrote in this way, no more 
would be said about his head. *' A child could under- 
stand this I " he cried, in despair, as he put his pen 
down, 

" Not content ? " asked the Fairy. " Will it not do to 
have your words jump straight out of your thoughts ? " 

The Fairy rose from the ink-bottle, and buzzed like a 
fly about the shelves. Instanfly t\L^ \»ox^^0^^^^ 



I 1 



386 Fairy Tales. 

was attacked on all sides, by the firing of great round 
words at him, out of holes in the backs of his books. 
The books of the sweet singers of his land, and of the 
wise and witty of old time, with a fair number that his 
neighbours had written, were all quiet and unbroken. 
But there were still batteries of Tolumes that hailed 
words about his head. In five minutes the storm was 
over, and the bindings were all whole again ; but many 
of the works had shrunk to a third, or even to a 
twentieth of their old size. 

" Now, my Lord Marquis," said Marattin ; " read 
your books, and learn of them. The wordiness is gone, 
the repetitions are all gone, the affectations are all gone. 
No sage will impose on you with dulness, in the name 
of profound thought. No jester will ask you to laugh, 
except when he has really gladness of his own to share. 
Your books of fancy have spat out all the dull meta- 
phors, and retain only those which were born of the 
life within a writer's mind." 

l^he company in Polypody's head had all been looking 
out at the performance of their comrade, and when it 
was over left their windows to plunge into a dance of 
which the measure tingled down into the Lord Marquis's 
legs. But he restrained himself. Standing up with his 
back to the fire, he was drumming a minuet tune with 
his toes upon the rug when his wife entered. Then he 
forgot his years and kissed her as he would have kissed 
her thirty years ago. Oif went the Fairies in their 
dance again, and now the Marquis took his lady by the 
hand, and still humming his own music, fairly set her 
to dance with him in his minuet. 

IJere was, indeed, good sport for all the playfellows. 
They gave themselves w to W. V^^^wx^^^^T^^^si-^^v^^ej. ^<j^ 



The Clear Head. 



387 



cleverly the out-works of their cavern, that the Marquis 
very soon found love and trust thrust on him from 
every side.. Men and women of all ranks and in all 
fDrme of difBculty, came to him with unsealed lips 
asking for human sympathy and counsel. 




But it happened that the daily stir of the Fairies in 
the Marquis Polypody's empty skull, tickling the pia 
mater, produced from it a development of brain. The 
brain grew and began to fill his heaA, K.\.\.!i«\.\'i,ti\«^«&- 
8o mncb upon the colony by ■wti'Ai. tidvA caNiei^ ^■^Sv 



388 Fairy Tales. 

been held, that Aspid and Lastrea were sent out to look 
for a new place of setUenient. And Polypody's hraiiis 
continued to encroach on them so rapidly that CTen 
before they knew where next they were to settle, all the 
Fairies flew away. 



Though his heart may dare to glixy. 

Conscious of a God innate, 
Tet to read his fatnre stoiy. 

To foresee his fatore fate. 
To fore-sing his fatnre singing 

Never doth the poet heed : 
Every day to bim is bringing 

All of which the day hath need : 

Faithful is his heart and fearless. 

Wholesome seed, he knoweth well. 
May be sown in weather cheerless. 

But will spring up where it fell. 
Seed was given to his keeping. 

And from heaven it was sent. 
He has sown it ; is it sleeping 

In the soil, he is content. 




THE CHNNINa OF SISSOO. 



S13800 KILLS DKAQOITS. 



In a cottage by a brook-side, at the foot of a small 
■wooded hill, there lived a boy whoaa -onmib -^^a '5ft»w*s- 
All bia relatioOB who were not 4«ai'w©T«i iNrec«5i-,«>*^»*- 



:VM Fairy Tales. 

lie was quite alone, and had to keep himself as iie best 
could* Since he was twelve yeais old, that was not 
difficult Sometimes he worked on fsuioas. Oft^ieT, 
because he was a wonderftdly clever lad, he went out 
fur a day's housework where there was something to be 
contrived that puzzled village wit. Many a day's work 
he got by his toy making. For between six in the 
morning and six in the evening, with no other tool than 
his four-bladed pocket-knife, he would torn a ball of 
string and a billet of wood into so many wonderful play- 
things, that a family of children was supplied vnth a 
month's joy whenever the wise elders had been hiring 
Sissoo for a day's work in the nursery. If a lock was 
hampered, if the bucket was lost in the well, if the 
mouse that ate the cheese would not be caught, or if a 
child cried for an hour and was not to be quieted, the first 
thought of everybody within reach of Sissoo, was that 
Sissoo should be sent for. There was no sort of lock 
that Sissoo could not pick. Sissoo was deeper than any 
well, slyer than any mouse, and so full of merry tricks, 
that he could set the most miserable child laughing in 
half a minute. 

As he earned quite enough to keep himself, and was 
clover enough to do harder things than wait upon 
himself, Sissoo lived alone in the small cottage by the 
brookside. There he is now to be seen, cutting a block 
of wood for some wonderful purpose into a great litter of 
chips, while the evening sunshine slanting through his 
lattice lights up his fresh rosy cheek, and brings into 
light the threads of gold in his brown hair. He works 
with stout hard hands that have already done more than 
thoir share of labour. He is a robust, healthy, cheery, 
iad, singing to himseVi w\i\\e \ie ^\c^^^ ^sjiv^^^ ^xA ^y^^^. 



The Oimnmff of Sissoo. 391 

But lie leaves off silking, when there comes a knock 
at his door. Jumping from his bench, he nins to open 
to a stranger, who stands in the porch under its great 
festoons of roses. This is a tall gentleman in a violet 
velvet cloak, lined with indigo satin, thrown gracefully 
over his shoulders, partly covering the blue velvet tunic 
richly trimmed and bordered with green silk, below 
which are his legs handsomely dressed in yellow 
breeches, orange stockings and red shoes. The gentle- 
man has a diamond star on his breast, an enormous gold 
chain round his neck and a coui*t-sword by his side 
hilted with emeralds and rubies. He has a hat, to which 
a bunch of cock's-feathers is fastened by a bunch of many 
coloured jewels, jauntily set over a broad fair face more 
than half-covered with a jungle of pal6 hair. He 
balances between two fingers a riding-whip, and his 
piebald horse, gaily caparisoned, is being walked up 
and down the road by a magnificent plum-coloured 
groom. 

"Aw-yaw wan Sissoo liv-ya?" asked his Magni- 
ficence, who drawled in the Hawbawyaw dialect of his 
native tongue, the object of which is to give an impres- 
sion that the speaker aspires to be honoured as a blank 
in creation, having nothing in his head and nothing on 
his hands. 

*' I'm SisRoo," said the boy. " Who are you ? What 
do you want ? " 

*' Want-ya," said the Court splendour. ** Aw-waw- 
tha's Ma'sty wants-ya kil-sm wums." 

" Will you have the goodness to repeat that ? " said 
Sissoo. 

" Aw-aim a stick, go'stick and King's Mazin^aw " 

''Do you mean that Hb Ma^^Bte^, ^yw?, ^^^^s^^^ 



392 Fairtf Tales. 

the Second, who lives yonder at the big house in 
Hairgrass, has heard of me, and wants me for a day's 

job?" ' 

" Yaws, t'kill wums." 

" To kill worms ! " 

The King's messenger, taking more time than we can 
spare in repeating it over the delivery of his errand, at 
last gave Sissoo to understand that his cleverness at odd 
jobs had been talked about at Court, and that he was 
wanted by the King to kill twelve worms, which were, 
in fact, dragons. They lived in a cave near Hairgrass ; 
and, roaming abroad in search of food, ate up any man, 
woman, or child they met, that did not look tough or un- 
wholesome. 

'* It is only sunset," said Sissoo, " and we are at Hair- 
grass in two hours, if you take me up behind you. I've 
Mother Jonquil's roof to mend to-morrow. Next day 
I'm engaged to make a puppet-show for Polly Daisy. 
The day after that is booked by Farmer Kelp, who 
wants some notion of a way I have of putting seeds into 
the ground. On Saturday I've promised to mind Widow 
Dewberry's house for her, while she's away. I'd better 
do the King's job now, to-night. Jump up, my lord, 
and let me ride behind you ! " 

" Bsud I " said the messenger. 

" Absurd, is it ? Then by your leave, I'll ride alone. 
Your groom is mounted ; you can ride with him," said 
Sissoo, as he galloped away on the messenger's horse, and 
left him with his mouth and eyes wide open, vacantly 
fingering his sandy beard. 

So Sissoo rode to court, made his own way to the 
presence of King Calabash, when access was denied him, 
and found his Majesty, who was depressed by a severe 



The Gunning of Sissoo. 393 

cold, eating gruel for his early supper. A tallow candle, 
on a rich gold salver, was at his elbow, and six footmen 
were waiting to apply the tallow to his royal nose. 

** What boy is this who intrudes on us ? " the King 
asked. 

** You sent for Sissoo," answered the boy, " and here I 
am. IVe no time but to-night for that job of the dragons. 
Besides, if they eat people every day, whatever I can do 
I ought to do before to-morrow." 

" Well," said King Calabash, " if you are as clever as 
you are bold, I pity the dragons. But if not, I pity you* 
If you destroy those worms, their treasure is yours. 
There are twelve of them, and they must have a hundred 
waggon-loads of gold hid in their cave. If they destroy 
you, they will crunch your bones." 

" I don't think much of dragons," said Sissoo. " But 
if I kill them, will you send their treasure after me ? I 
cannot stop to see about it, because I must be at Mother 
Jonquil's before seven to-morrow morning. But, by- 
the-bye, I shall want a horse to take me back." 

" I will give you the . fleetest horse out of my stable," 
said the King. " It shall stand, saddled for you, in the 
court-yard ; but it will only be given to you in exchange 
for the tails of the twelve dragons, which you must pro- 
duce as evidence that they are dead. Every ounce of 
the treasure also, if the dragons are killed by to-morrow 
morning, I will cause to be delivered at your door. 
What arms will you take, boy ? " 

" Only the two that belong to me," Sissoo replied. 
" Ten fingers, a head, and a pocket-knife, are twelve to 
twelve against the monsters." 

So Sissoo was taken to the dragon's cave, and left in 
the midst of dark night at the mouth of it. He ^^^^<^<L 



■ I 

394 Fairy Tales . \ 



in and all was dark ; by which he knew that the beasts 
were asleep ; for, had only one of them been awake, the 
blaze of his eyes would have made the cave as light as 
day. There were a dozen light flickerings of a dull 
red flame at one end of the cave, which Sissoo rightly 
took to be the breath out of the dragons' mouths. 

He climbed down without making any noise, and 
found the huge creatures all asleep in a heap together 
over the bones of their supper. As they lay in a heap 
anoring, with their mouths half open, each of them made 
a noise like the firing of a ship's guns through the 
whistle of a storm at sea. 

''Oh dear me," said Sissoo, when he got down into 
the oave. ''This little business need not detain me 
long." 

He slipped among the dragons, who could be aroused 
by nothing short of a noise more terrible than their own 
snoring, and as they lay coiled together, Sissoo lifted 
very carefully and gently, all the ends of their long 
serpent tails, till he had laid the tip of every dragon's 
tail across his neighbour's teeth. Then he rolled a big 
lump of stone down the mouth of the oldest of the 
dragons, and immediately scrambled up to the mouth of 
the oave again. 

The stone having got into the big dragon's throat, 
stuck there, and soon bt^gan to choke and rouse him. 
He cv.>ughed, he lashed his tail, of which the end was 
then immediately bitten otf ; he snapped his teeth, and 
doing so, snapped oif the end of the tail of his neigh- 
bour, who ran forward between sleeping and waking. 
and bit fiercely at the end of the tail that he found run- 
ning like a lance over his tongue. Every dragon soon 
wokid up horribly Qiotss, twWxin^S ^w\\kL ^^wai^^y^KMosRi ^^^m^ 



The Cunning of Sissoo, 395 

tip of his tail was bitten off, and upon opening his eyes, 
saw the dragon nearest to him spitting a tail-end, which 
he took to be his own, out of his mouth. 

A desperate fight of dragon against dragon then en- 
sued, of which the clamour was heard in the city of 
Hairgrass. King Calabash, though he had taken a 
sedative draught after his gruel, was aroused by it, and 
said to his Queen, " What a night of it that boy is 
making with the dragons ! " " I'm sure," said the 
Queen, ** he must have made them very angry. If he 
is killing them, I wish he could contrive to go about 
his work more quietly." 

Nobody in Hairgrass slept, until the noise of scream- 
ing, blowing, and yelling, was all over. When the 
dragons had fairly destroyed one another, Sissoo went 
down and collected the ends of their tails which they 
had bitten off for him, and carrying them to the p£dace 
court, exchanged them for ihe swift horse that was to 
bear him to his day's work over Mother Jonquil's 
thatch. 



CHAPTER 11. 

SISSOO VANQUISHES A GIANT. 

Fob the next fortnight, there was a continual delivery 
of sacks of gold at Sissoo's door, because the King 
was mindfal of his promise, and took care to send him 
every ounce of the dragons' hoard. Now there lived 
hard by in a castle, as large as a hundred mountains, 
the tall Giant Cormier, who was so "b\^ tW\. \smb» V'^'sj^ 
was always damp with the c\o\x4a Ykftsi^vci^ ^wJ^'^sss. 



396 Fairy Tales. 

bair. But he was not too tall to stoop to a mean theft, 
and when Cormier saw how many sacks of gold were 
crammed into Sissoo's little house, till there was only 
one room left that was not as full of it as an autumn 
bam is full of com, Sissoo, who knew him to be a thief, 
took notice that his fingers twitched whenever he went 
by. The boy, whose cunning had destroyed twelve 
dragons at one stroke, was not to be ^offended rashly 
even by a giant. Cormier did not venture upon force. 
•' If I can pilfer a few sacks," he thought, " by opening 
the large window of that back-room, through which I 
think I can get my hand, I daresay they will not be 
missed." 

But Sissoa, who saw him looking hungrily and often 
at that window, sent a little of his gold to town and 
bought with it a ton of the strongest Hachah snuff 
This excellent snuff takes a man quite off his legs, 
whenever it makes him sneeze. Covering his nose with 
sponge, Sissoo carefully filled all the gold sacks near the 
large back-window with the light dust of the snuff, 
putting gold pieces on the tops and at the sides. Then 
he took care to leave the window just a little open, and 
locking up his house, hid in the bushes of the brook. 
As soon as it was dusk, he saw the giant's head peeping 
over the hill. Cormier spied out the imguarded window. 
Nobody stirred in or near the house. His golden oppor- 
tunity, the giant thought, was come. Stretching a long 
arm across the hillside, he slipped his fingers in upon 
his prize and carried off the first ten sacks on which 
they laid their clutch. 

But when the giant got back to his castle, and had 
iocted himself np in \iia ^TYsr«u\.^ tcjco^^ \>kjb ^ook the 
bags to empty iheii conleni^ owX. o\i ^^ ^w>pt «x^^ ^\av\. 



The Gunning of Sissoo, S* ^7 

his gain. Then out there came a cloud of Hachah, snuff 
of snuffs, that got into his nose. At the first sneeze he 
blew all the glass out of his windows, and a fresh eddy 
of snuff was raised up as the wind rushed in. At the 
second sneeze, Cormier was lifted from his legs and 
knocked against the ceiling with such force, that the 
whole castle shook. By the third sneeze, he was blown 
through the substance of his own door and embedded 
in the wall beyond, where one sneeze more rent the 
wall in which he was fixed, so that a great part of the 
castle fell and buried him under its ruins. 

What remained of the castle was Sissoo's by right of 
conquest, and the boy moved into it with all his 
treasures. 



CHAPTER III. 

STSSOO OUTWITS AN ENCHANTER. 

Sissoo now worked among his villagers for love and not 
for money, but he was as brisk and useful as he had 
been from the first, and kiud as ever to all children 
yoamger than himself. The children of the village used 
to come and play about his castle when they liked, and 
the old people ate and drank in it when they liked, 
while Sissoo laboured every day for somebody, and 
would go out for a long day's work with his pocket- 
knife as often as he had done when his life depended on 
his Qarnings» 

One day an old man came to him, who said that he 
had just taken a house in the villa^Q, vfl;^<5it<b V^<^ \ia5i. 
heard everybody tali, about the cuxiimi^ ^1 '^^jsaa^ ^asoS^w 



398 • Fairy Tales. 

his kindness in helping any of his neighbours. Would 
he mind coming to help a feeble old fellow, who had to 
put his house in order ? There was a great deal to be 
done in it, and he was very poor. Certainly, Sissoo 
said, he could come. The very next day he was free to 
come, so on the nex;t day he went. 

Sissoo quite understood that for an old man who has 
a new house to settle into, there are a great many little 
matters to be done, and as he had only that day to 
spare, he went to his work so early that it was not even 
sunrise when he reached the cottage to which he had 
been directed. When he came near the door he heard 
mewing inside. The door was opened ; while he stood 
still in the shadow of the porch a large cat came out, 
walking upon her hind legs like a lad}^ followed with 
civil bows by the old man himself. ** Good bye, 
Purslane," the enchanter (for he was an enchanter) 
said ; " Good bye, and take care of yourself. I can 
perceive a strong smell of the dawn. Trust me to make 
a mouse of the lad before nightfall, for all his cunning ! 
Never fear. Purslane ; my nephew Cormier, whom you 
can't marry now, shall be avenged. Till after sunset 
then, good bye." 

" Good bye. Touch-me-not, good bye, Touch-me-not," 
said Pussy, and no more was seen of her. 

'* Aha, old Touch-me-not," said Sissoo to himself. 
" Did I get up too early for you ? And are you quite 
sure that you will turn me into cat's-meat?" He 
waited half an hour before he tapped at the enchanter's 
door, and then the old man looked down upon him 
from an upper window, yawning as if he had just had 
his sleep disturbed. 

''Is that the kind Sissoo aXx^^^^^'T' \va ^'^cA.. ^-^ 



The Gwnning of Sissoo. 399 

early afoot to help his poor old neighbour Quick- 
set ! " 

" Is jour name Quickset ? " asked the boy. " The 
name written upon your face is Touch-me-not." 

'* Quickset ! Quickset it is ! " mumbled the enchanter 
as he shut the window, and as he came down stairs he 
rubbed his hand over his chin and cheeks and forehead. 
Truly this boy, he thought, will be too cunning for me 
if I do not mind. If he is sharp enough to see my name 
in my face, what else may he not read in it. I'd better 
pass a smear over the writing. So, as he passed the 
fireplace, he took up a handful of black ashes and wiped 
his face with them before opening the door. 

*' Why, What's-your-name ! " Sissoo said, when the 
door was opened by the old man, and he saw the ashes 
on his face. " Why, What's-your-name, what a face you 
have ! Where did you go to bed ? I think you must 
have been sitting to-night with the cat." 

The enchanter opened and shut his eyes. I must 
make short work, he thought, with this terrible boy, 
and then he said, *' I have been blowing the embers, 
Sissoo. My good boy must want his breakfast, and an 
old man's fit for nothing except cowering and pottering 
and cooking at the fire. I'll get our breakfast ready, 
my dear boy." 

" No, go to bed again, till the day is a bit older. I'll 
go to work meanwhile, and be as quiet as a mouse. If 
you like, I'll make you a nice breakfast broth, and bring 
it you in bed. You must have pot-herbs in the house. 
There's an exceedingly strong smell of purslane." 

The boy's nose, thought the enchanter to himself, is 
as sharp as his eyes, for it is nothm^ VsvsX. *Ccvft ^^sssj^^ ^^ 
purslane that he smells. It 1 am to tcl^^ ^ xasixiss^ ^*^ 



400 Fairy Tales. 

him, I must be cautious and not let him catch me 
napping. 

*' Yes, my dear young friend," said Touch-me-not ; " I 
have a good many herbs in my little pantry yonder. 
We poor people, who cannot afford much meat, are glad 
of the cheap green sauce that will make the little we 
eat savoury. I can brew delicious broths out of my 
pot-herbs ; one of them is very soothing to the morning 
stomach, as you shall soon find, my dear. It takes 
trouble to make, but for you what would I not do ? " 

^*And what shall I do for you, neighbour? Upon 
what shall I begin ? " 

"I'm a poor lone old man," said the enchanter, "and 
before everything I want to be well fastened in. I've 
had some iron bars, as you see, put across the window, 
I should like you to make sure for me that they are 
firm. And that lock's hampered, I think." 

Sissoo soon proved the firmness of the bars. Nobody 
could get through the window ; that was clear. The 
hampered lock was mended with a cunning poke or 
two from the smallest blade of Sissoo's four-bladed 
knife, and then the boy opened the big blade and said 
to the old man — 

"Perhaps you don't know what a place this is for 
mice, and what a fellow I am at a mousetrap. I'll 
make you a trap while you are picking and sorting all 
those herbs for your breakfast broth ; and I know, too, 
how to prepare a piece of cheese so that no mouse 
living can resist the bait. What say you ? " 

"Good, very good," said the enchanter, and he 
chuckled to himself. " Clever boy, he shall run at his 
own bait ; I'll catcla. loiixi in \i\^ owti \x^m^^ running as 
be is, in his own tTap,iiVa o^u^rt^^^ 



The Cunning o/Sissoo. 401 

So Sissoo chipped and dug about a lump of wood with 
lis invaluable pocket-knife, twisted some bits of wire, 
md had his bait ready set by the time the enchanter's 
3Toth was mixed and the fire lighted under it. Sissoo 
lad watched him narrowly, for that he meant to brew 
i charm he saw. He saw also, that in passing in and 
)ut for divers herbs and spices. Touch me-not had con- 
nived to lock on the other side two doors leading out 
)f the room. Then on the excuse of having gone out 
ibr some other herb into the garden, he had come in by 
lihe front-door and slily shifted the key to the outside. 

" Sissoo, my dear," said the old man, and the boy's. 
3ars were sharp to detect the tremble of excitement, 
under tones meant to sound very careless. 'Tor this 
bi'oth to be good, it must boil well ; and we shall want 
nore wood under it. I've made the fire a little hotter 
Jian my poor old head can bear, when I lean over it to 
itir the pot Would you mind stirring for me while 
[ go out for the wood ? " 

"Fetching wood is a boy's work," answered Sissoo. 
* You told me yourself, that an old man was fit for 
Qothing except cowering and cooking at the fire." 

A slight hissing was heard at the bottom of the pot 
us it began to boil, and the enchanter, without answer- 
ing, made suddenly a leap towards the outer door that 
he /had purposely left open. But Sissoo, who had 
suspected what was brewing, was on the alert, and had 
chosen for himself a seat so near the door that he 
jumped out and snapped the latch so sharply on his 
Bnemy, that he had aJmo&t caught him by the nose. 
Swiftly he turned the lock, and running to look in at 
the window, saw the enchanteT -wY^ik \ia^ ^tsx^s* ^^^^»S^ 
seating against door after door, «xi^ v'VisscL xvisSoxc*?^ 



402 Fairy Tales, 

towards the barred window. But as he ran, ia thick 
steam rose out of the broth and hid him from the boy's 
eyes, for he never reached the window-bars to glare on 
Sissoo face to face. When the steam passed away and 
ever}''thing in the room was to be seen again, Toiich-iD€e 
not was no longer there. But there was a mouse caugM | 
in Sissoo's cage, eagerly breakfasting upon the bait that 
no mouse could resist. 

Sissoo unlocked the cottage door and wjent home to 
his breakfest. After sunset he watched near the cottage 
and saw the cat Purslane slink in at the door. One 
squeak was heard, and she ran out again almost directly 
with a dead mouse in her mouth. Sissoo, then peep- 
ing into the empty room, saw that his cage had been 
torn open. 



CHAPTER THE LAST. 

SISSOO PUTS A STOP TO OUR HORN BLOWING. 

Sissoo had done a great many hundred other clever 
things, when there came ,a knock at his door one cold, 
moonlight night, and he opened it to a small dancing 
creature, many- coloured as the rainbow, and bright as 
the sun, who was now leaping to the ceiling, now 
flickering on half a leg up and down all the walls, and 
who announced himself as Fol, principal male dancer at 
the Court of Oberon. He had come as a messenger 
from his Majesty. A horse was outside, the great black 
horse of the Man who was Fol's father, and on this 
Sissoo was to ride instantly to Oberon's Court that 
TFouJd be held in t\i6 iieixX, io\^«»\i ^"a ^Rkoti. ^"©, "Ow^ ^s^'c^w 
stood in mid-sky. 



1 



The Cunning of Sissoo. 403 

Sissoo went, and "was received with favour by King 
Oberon, who tpld him that, by universal suffrage of the 
Fairies, he was declared one of themselves ; and that he 
should appoint hipa his chief horn-blower, if he would 
accept that office. 

** Will you accept it ? " 

" Certainly, my liege lord, I will," the boy replied. 

'* Then you must get me out of the difficulty 1 am 
now in," said the Fairy King. " I dropped my horn in ;^ 
the wood some weeks ago, and it appears that it was 
found by a couple of owls, who have since been hooting 
through it in a very dreadful way. Once, they cried 
Mackerel through it ; another time, they were making 
it grunt like a pig. You must get it away from them, 
Sissoo. I sent Puck for it ; but the madcap, child as he 
is, only romped with tbem, and tricked them out in 
foolscaps. But I must have my horn again ; I must, 
indeed, Sissoo, and I rely upon your, cunning." 

Sissoo went directly to the owls' nest, where he 
found the owls making big eyes over the paper on 
which they were scratching notes of all their new horn 
music. They were so busy that they did not see him 
come under their perch. Cunningly disguised in an 
old cloth cap, and a well-worn jacket and trousers, he 
turned up a cheerful, patient face to them, as they dis- 
covered him, and answered to their screech of Who are 
you ? What do you want ? with the words — 

"I am the Printer's Devil, and I want Oberon's 
Horn."* 

The two owls said no more, but gravely scrambled 
down the tree, and gave all that they had intA \ii^ 

* * Oheron^s Horn ' was the name ol o^ie ol VSc^a V«vi\&5^^"^^2^*3«A 
in which these iMes first appeared. 



404 



Fairy Tales. 



hand, fiaving done tliat, they ecramHod np again to 
their own perch, and sitting side by aide, each with hia 
own Bcratehing tool under hia wing, there they sit 
solemnly expecting all that they deserve. 




—r 



Ih I- 

1 

f 

'■i 

V ,| 

i ; i , 

I 

■ I i 



J 



*. ■ 



" I 



■■■ 



ft^«--*^ 



m^'^'^h^^^^^^' 



.'■• f^ .4.,- 



