FAIRY TALES, 



BY 



I 






'  



THE COUNTESS D'AULNOY. 



TRAKSLATKO BT 



j; R. PLANCHfe. 



Wxi^ lllnsirations i^ |o|k (Hilbnt. 



  4   



LONDON : 

a ROUTLEDGE & CO. FARRINGfDO:tf STRELT. 
NEW YORK: 18, BEEKMAN STREET. 

1855. 



This Translation is Copyright. 



CONTENTS. 



PAGE 

Preface ix 

Introduction xv 

Qracieuse and Percinbt 1 

The Fair with Golden Hair 22^ 

The Blue Bird 85 ^ 

Prince Sprite 70 

Princess Printaniere 105 

Princess Rosette 126'  

The Golden Branch 141 

The Bee and the Orange Tree 172 

The good little Mouse., 198 

-* The Ram 211 

FiNETTE Cendron 227 

Fortun^e 246 

Babiole 256 

The Yellow Bwarp 281 

Green-Serpent 302 

The Princess Carpillon 332 

The beneficent Frog 375 

The Hind in the Wood 398 

 The White Cat 433 - 

 Belle-Belle ; or, the Chevalier Fortune 470 

The Pigeon and the Dove 514 

. Pniy ^ Belle-Etoile and Prince Cheri 559 

609 

Ot lui^ 



P E E F A C E. 



The Fairy Tales of the Countess d'Aulnoy, after 
having delighted old and young for nearly two hundred 
years, are now, strange to say, for the first time pre- 
sented to the English reader in their integrity. 

This assertion may appear startling to those who are 
familiar with many English versions of the most popular 
of them ; but it is, nevertheless, a fact, as the examina- 
tion of this little volume will prove. 

Early in the last century, three volumes of Fairy 
Tales were published, under the title of " A Collection 
of Novels and Tales of the Fairies, written by that cele- 
brated wit of France, the Countess d'Anois, translated 
from the best edition of the original French, by several 
hands." And in 1817 the same collection reappeared in 
two small volumes, with a new preface, and entitled, 
" Fairy Tales, translated from the French of the Coun- 
tess d'Anois." Now, it will scarcely be believed that, 
although the collectors introduced the novels which link 
the second series of her Fairy Tales together, after the 
fashion of the old Italian novelists, they not only omitted 
the whole of the first series, but also several of the b 
of the second ; substituting, in the place o? \\ve. \^.^ 



X PREFACE. 

tales bj the Conntess de Moimt, mnd tbe Countess 
d'Auneuil, >yithont distinction or explanation, changing 
the titles where they occurred in the intermediate nar- 
rative, and altering or wholly omitting the remarks 
made upon them by the personages for whose entertain- 
ment they are supposed to be related, so that the reader 
could not suspect the imposition that was practised upon 
him, for what reason it is difficult to imagine. 

Nor was the injustice to the author limited to this 
singular caprice. The tales, instead of being faithfully 
translated, were recklessly abridged and loosely para- 
phrased ; while the incidental couplets occasionally, and 
the versified morals invariably, were dispensed with 
altogether. 

Other abridgments and paraphrases of a few of these 
stories have appeared in sundry juvenile publications ; 
and, in a very recent one, the rising generation was pre- 
sented with " Babiole,'^ " Princess Rosette,^^ " Princess 
Printaniere^' (called "Princess Maia"), " The Beneficent 
Frog," and " The Good Little Mouse ;" but still abridged, 
and adapted to the atmosphere of the nursery. I beg to 
disclaim any intention of depreciating these latter pro- 
ductions, which are avowedly addressed to the youngest 
class of readers ; but the first was a literary fraud, which 
cannot be too severely denounced, whether it be regarded 
as an imposition on the public or an injustice to the 
original author. And yet the writer of the Preface to the 
fifth edition (London, 1766) says, " I shall not pretend 

^ay anything in commendation of the translators, only 
they have kept up to the sense and spirit of the/ 

. ., \ 



PREFACE. xi 

anwor, whose thoughts are so elegant and refined, their 
beauties would have been lost in a paraphrase" Is it 
possible that this person could have been acquainted 
with " the best edition of the original French," from 
which he professes this translation was made ? I must, 
in charity, hope not, and imagine that he was himself 
deceived by the " several hands " who perpetrated the 
extraordinary concoction in which " The Palace of 
Bevenge,^' " Anguilletta,^^ "Young and Handsome,^^ 
and " Perfect Love," by the Countess de Murat, take the 
places of "Fortunee," "Babiole," "Serpentin Vert," 
"Prince Marcassin," and "Le Dauphin ;^^ while "The 
Knights-Errant,^^ and "The Tyranny of the Fairies 
Destroyed," by the Countess d'Auneuil, are thrown in, 
I presume, to compound for the omission of " La Biche 
au Bois," " La Grenouille Bienfaisante,^^ and the nine 
stories contained in the " Contes des F^es " of Madame 
d'Aulnoy. 

The volume now presented to the Public, whatever 
may be its demerits, contains at any rate nothing thiat 
is not the composition of the Countess d'Aulnoy. The 
omissions consist of, first, the Novels with which the 
second series of her Fairy Tales, entitled, " Les F^es 
^ la Mode," were interlarded, possessing little interest 
in themselves, and unnecessary as vehicles for the 
sprightly and ingenious stories they introduce; and, 
secondly, of the two concluding tales, " Prince Mar- 
cassin," and " Le Dauphin," which, though not wanting 
in merit, as far as fancy and humour are concerned, 
could not, without considerable alteiatioii^ \tl ^)ckKvx 



XU PREFACE. 

details, have been rendered unobjectionable to tlie 
English reader. In order, however, to render the woA 
as complete as possible, a brief analysis of the plot fd 
each of these stories will be found in the Appendii, 
page 609. 

Had not the many liberties I have taken with the 
Fairy Tales of Madame d'Aulnoy, in adapting them to 
the stage, made it a point of conscience with me to 
adhere as rigidly as possible to the original text on this 
occasion, I should have been stimulated to it by another 
circumstance, which evidently had a precisely contraij 
effect on my predecessors. The numberless allusions to 
the persons, events, works, manners, and customs of the 
age in which they were written, were doubtlessly con- 
sidered incumbrances by those whose only object wb 
to provide amusement for the Nursery ; and I do not 
dispute the discretion with which they might have been 
altered or omitted in abridgments made for that special 
purpose ; but such a plea cannot be put in for the 
translators of " the best edition of the original French,^' 
who professed to give the general English Public the 
works of a " celebrated wit of France," whose " thoughts 
are so elegant and refined, their beauties would be lost 
in a paraphrase.^^ 

I indulge in the hope that a new interest will be 
imparted to these old favourites, when they shall be 
found to be not only amusing fictions, but curious re- 
flexions of the Courts of Versailles and Madrid, at the 
006 of the seventeenth century ; the dress and manners 
xmrately described, and the pomps and pastimes in 



PREFACE. XIU 

many instances scarcely exaggerated. This will be 
evident, I think, not only from the foot-notes I have 
appended, when immediate explanation appeared neces- 
sary, but in the Appendix, containing such additional 
information and remarks as would have incumbered 
the margin or interrupted the story. 

I have only to add here, that while I have endea- 
voured to render the text as literally as the idioms of 
the two languages would admit, and spared no pains, 
where the passage was obscure or the expression ob- 
solete, in attaining the nearest approach in my power 
to the sense of the author, (which has been frequently 
most ludicrously perverted by the " several hands " 
aforesaid,) I have left the proper names of the various 
personages untranslated, having come to that determina- 
tion after much consideration, and in consequence of the 
great inconsistency and confusion of identity I found 
had resulted from the attempts to translate them by 
others. 

The incidental verse, and the "moralit^s," as they 
are called, though unavoidably not so literally rendered 
as the prose, will, I trust, be found as true to the spirit 
of the original, and retaining the colour of the period in 
which it was composed,  the period of Lulli, in music ; 
and in painting, of Watteau and Parterre. 



INTRODUCTION. 



The Revocation of the Edict of Nantes, says the author 
of " A Discourse on the Origin of Fairy Tales," had frozen 
every pen. No one dared to write anything for fear of dis- 
pleasing the king, who had appointed royal censors of the 
press as substitutes for the Doctors of the Sorbonne, who had 
themselves superseded the Inquisitors of the Holy Office. But 
this congelation was merely temporary. Since Madame de 
Maintenon had arisen from the rank of governess to the chil- 
dren of Madame de Montespan to that of the wife, though 
not the queen, of Louis XIV., the Court had adopted a tone 
which had been properly assumed by a pious woman sur- 
rounded by legitimate princes still young, and to whom good 
examples were indispensable. Age, public misfortunes, and 
the character of his connexion with Madame de Maintenon, 
had brought Louis himself back to the steps of the altar and 
the calm of private society. Amongst the tutors selected 
for the princes of the blood were Bossuet and Fenelon. The 
talent of these justly celebrated men popularized the purest 
morals, by covering them with flowera, and dressing them in 
the most pleasing forms. Books for the instruction of princes 
were eagerly multiplied, a select library was printed of them ; 
it seemed as if the whole nation had determined to purify its 
gallantry in the crucible of a wise yet infantile morality. At 
this period there lived a number of women who cultivated 
letters successfully; others, who esteemed them, vjto\.q ^xiOc 



fi DrriODrcTKX. 

fhhAf. ff^r ih(iuii'\y(^ A grcaur or Irsatr rrpntation. Amongrt 
thm ififhrr /;liMH were msLUj of high nak mnd con&idenible 
forf iifi'i, prntftt. jKinKinal beauty, and general amiability. Hie 
ftootN of t.fioir magnificent hotels were thrown open to the 

Tliii iintniituMW of Mademoiselle de Scuderi were found to be 
I (Ml ImiK. (}io chamotor of them too sententious. The Alfe- 
itdiloitl KniiuiiuMm of Argcnnis de Barclay, the Cleopatm 
\\\\\\ V\\nm\\\\\\'\\^ which tho Polexandra of Gombenrille had 
iMtHMhuHul. woiv no Ioiger to be endured. There was a 
thMH'Mul Tor whut (ho Spaniards called an EntreUniamenio, 
'V n>ut*v<ho oooupvin^ not more than ten or a dozen pages 
h .U'*J of ;^ nu>ny volununi. Fashion is always running into 
r\i,.M*w rho oviont of a Fairy Tale satisfied this new 
^.i...*' rUs'^ijkih |vruu^i|vrtlly dtvjigned for the amusement of 
M I., .41 iKx' M>U \^*ii* Hv impnwoil, so much more plot was 
...,. I..  -' \i\oh \xU rtud gnico imparted to them by 
 y ' w^'ovH. tlut thoy sjioodily assumed an interest 

 ti.i, i iv.^\loi*. t\r tlio man of tho world and the man 

I Jii ...H OK'O Thoir fivedom from all licentiousness had 

I  . I iKiiH horn thoir first appearance in the hands of chil- 

|. M I M.I .'I vj'Uh^f foinalos, and they were shortly to be found 

, 1, ,li.'M Mil ilu table of the village pastor and of the 

., I 1 1! 1 1 'rin'.V wuro read of an evening by the cottage 

(,, tl< Mild III Mio < yjmtuau de Versailles. Hostile criticism 

,,,.,, ,1 |,..vMvnr, waiiMng. The Abb6 de Villiers undertook 

, iiMcn Hid I'airy Tulo; but criticism failed, and the 

I ,fr, l.l' HH M.awj<l it.H (jirculation. The simpler Stories of 

\ M .ill "f.M. Htu'rumUui by the more elaborate compositions 

I Ml I .,miitMniiii tin Miirat, d'Aulnoy, d'Auneuil and 

^1 . f , ,1"' W'. fUi U Konio. Enjoyed by Madame de Main- 

 (If, n,' / "hin htd <lJtf/ittinod by the young courtiers, the 

/./ . '!/. hi 'inmamti, who followed Louis XV. : but the 
ibHfi *'/- lUn itmu to protect the Fairies, and the 



INTRODUCTION. XVll 

Duchesse du Maine^ and the rou6s of the Temple, had no feel- 
ing: for these " elegant trifles." Had they been only elegant 
trSjes they might not have survived the neglect of fashion, 
or even the satire of the Abb6 de Villiers : but the sterling 
gold that was in them was indestructible, and imparted to 
them ** a charmed life." To quote the words of one of the most 
popular writers of the present day, " It woidd be hard to 
estimate the amount of gentleness and mercy that lias made 
its way among us through these slight channels. Forbear- 
ance, courtesy, consideration for the poor and aged, kind 
treatment of animals, the love of nature, abhorrence of 
tyranny and brute force,  many such good things have been 
nourished in the child's heart by this powerful aid. It has 
greatly helped to keep us ever young, by preserving through 
oiir worldly ways one slender track not overgrown with 
weeds, where we may walk with children, sharing their 
delights."! 

Of the four above-mentioned ladies who most successfully 
followed the lead of Perrault, the Countess d'Aulnoy was 
the most prolific, and has achieved the greatest popularity. 
Marie Catherine, daughter of Monsieur le Jumel de Barne- 
ville, was bom in 1649, and died at Paris in January, 1705. 
Her fiither was connected with some of the first families 
in Normandy.^ She married Frangois de la Mothe, Comte 
d'Aulnoy, who was accused of treason by three Normans, 
imprisoned, and would have lost his head, had not one of his 
accusers, struck with remorse of conscience, declared the 
whole charge to be groundless. The Countess herself was 
at another period compromised through her intimacy with 
the beautiful Madame Tiquet, who was beheaded on the 
Place de Greve, for the murder of her husband. To con- 
siderable personal attractions, Madame d'Aulnoy joined much 

(1) Charles Dickens's Household Words. Saturday, October 1, 1853. 

(2) Her mother married secondly the Marquis de Gadaine, and died ai M^^bCxA* 



XVlll INTRODUCTION. 

wit and great facility of expression. She was uniyenniDy 
popular in society, and possessed to a remarkable extent the 
talent of combining instruction with amusement in her most 
ordinary conversation. She had read much, travelled a littLs^ 
and was gifted with an excellent memory. Whatever might 
be the subject imder discussion, she is said to have always 
had some information to impart upon it. Nobody could 
relate an anecdote better or more seasonably, and her facility 
in composition equalled that evinced in her conversatioa 
She left four daughters, one of whom became Madame de 
H6ere, to whom Monsieur le President de Vertron addressed 
the following lines :  

" Dans la prose et les vers de I'aimable de H6ere, 
Je le dis comme je le croi, 
La fiUe est semblable k la mdre, 
On y voit tout I'esprit de I'aimable d'Aulnoy." 

The list of her works varies in every account I have seen 
of them ; but in her preface to her " M^moires de la Cour de 
France," or, as it is more generally called, " M^moires Histo- 
riques de ce qui s'est pass6 en Europe depuis 1672 jusqu'en 
1679," Madame d'Aulnoy has given us one of her own, with 
this observation ; " I profit by this opportunity to declare to 
the public, that they have printed in Holland some books in 
my name which are not mine, I having never written any 
others than these following :  

Htpolite Comte de Duglas. 

Les Memoires de la Cour d'Espagne. 

La Relation du Voyage en Espagne. 

Jean de Buurbon, Prince de Carency. 

Les Nouvelles Espagnoles. 

Une Paraphrase sur le ' Miserere.' 

Une Paraphrase sua le Pskaume, Benedic, anima mea, Domino.** 

To which, of course, we must add the work in which this 
preface appears, " M6moires Historiques," or ** de la Cour de 
France," and her " Contes des F6es," and " F6es k la Mode," 
which were evidently amongst the latest, if they were not 



INTKODUCnON. XIX 

indeed the last, of her compositions. Other lists contain, in 
addition to the above, " M^moires de la Cour d'Angleterre," 
and " M^moires du Comte de Warwick," said to have been 
printed in 1703. But of these I cannot find any trace. 
There is also a work in two volumes attributed to her, en- 
titled, "Histoire Chronologique d'Espagne tir6e de Mariana, 
&c" 12mo, Rotterdam, 1694, but this may be one of the 
publications she complains of. All her works, with the ex- 
ception of the Fairy Tales, are now excessively rare, both in 
France and England, though a translation of " Hipolite " was 
published in 1741, and of the " Voyage en Espagne," under 
the title of "Ingenious and diverting Letters of a Lady's 
Travels into Spain," which had reached its eighth edition in 
1717, and was reprinted in two volumes, with corrections 
(much needed), in 1808. 

The publishers of "The Travels" also published a book 
entitled, "The Diverting Works of the Countess d'Anois, 
author of the Lady's Travels into Spain," containing "The 
Memoirs of her own Life," an absurd fabrication; her 
Spanish Novels, and the Tales of the Fairies, in three parts, 
which consist only of " Les Contes des F6es," and a series 
entitled, " Les lUustres Fees," a collection of very short and 
inferior tales, which I have not found any authority for attri- 
buting to her pen. 

Her Fairy Tales consist of two distinct portions, the first, 
entitled, " Les Contes des F6es," contains  

GrACIXUSE XT Pbrcikbt. 

La Bxlle aux Cheveux d'Or. 

L'OisEAU Bleu. 

Le Prince Lutix. 

La Privcesse Priktawiere. 

La Princesse Rosette. 

Lb Rameau d'Or. 

L'Oranger et l'Abeille. 

La Bomnb Petite Souris. 

This first series, in two small parts, was dedicated to 



XX INTRODUCTION. 

*^ Madame/* as she was called, the Prinoees Elisabeth of* 
Bavaria, second wife of Philip, Duke of Orleans. 

The second series, entitled, ^^Les F6es h la Mode," con- 
tains  

Le Moutom-. 

FlKZTTE CZNDKOir. 

foktumsk. 

Babiolb. 

Lb Naiv Jauhz. 

Sbkpbktin Ve&t. 

La Pbimcbsse CAriLOir. 

La Gkemouille Biemfaisamtz. 

La Biche au Bois. 

La Chatte Blakche. 

Belle-Belle, oif le Chevaliek Foetuhb. 

Lb Pigeon st la Colombb. 

La Peincesse Bellb-Etoile et lb Peivcz Chbbi. 

Lb Peince Maecassik. 

Lb Dauphxe. 

These stories were intermixed with three novels,  *' Don 
Gabriel Ponce de Leon," " Don Ferdinand de Toledo," and 
" Le Nouveau Gentilhomme Bourgeois,"  ^the personages in 
which were supposed to relate the Fairy Tales for the amuse- 
ment of each other, as I have previously mentioned. We 
have no data by which to arrive at any knowledge of the 
exact chronological order in which these Fairy Tales were 
written ; but I venture to think that, by preserving that in 
which they are printed in the " Cabinet des F6eSj" I have not 
greatly departed from it. 



GRACIEUSE AND PERCINET. 



Oncb upon a time there was a king and a queen who had 
an only daughter. Her beauty, her sweet temper, and her 
wit, which were incomparable, caused them to name her 
Gracieuse. She was the sole joy of her mother, who sent her 
every day a beautiful new dress, either of gold brocade, or of 
Telvet, or of satin. She was always magnificently attired, 
without being in the least proud, or vain of her fine clothes. 
She passed the morning in the company of learned persons, 
who taught her all sorts of sciences, and in the afternoon she 
worked beside the queen. At luncheon time they served up 
to her basins full of sugar-plums, and more than twenty pots 
of preserves; so that she was universally considered the 
happiest princess in the world ! 

There was in this same court an exceedingly rich old maid, 
called the Duchess Grognon, and who was horrible in every 
respect. Her hair was as red as fire, her &ce of an alarming 
size, covered with pimples ; she had but one blear eye left, 
and her mouth was so large you would have said she could 
eat everybody up, only, as she had no teeth, people were not 
afraid of it; she had a hump before and behind, and limped 
with both legs. Such monsters envy all handsome persons, 
and consequently she hated Gracieuse mortally, and retired 
from Court to avoid hearing her praises. She took up her 
abode in a neighbouring chateau that belonged to her, and 
when any one who paid her a visit spoke of the perfections 
of the princess, she would scream out in a rage, " It is false ! 
it is false ! She is not charming 1 I have more beauty in my 
little finger than she has in her whole bodyl" 



r;.iv r ntiiipi'iiir Mia- ! '!U"*.'i kl! ill and dir 

i>i; iff ; 'Miiifi i. iiiii!in" ativ iii iiini' dt-'i.'TJv r-rr^. 
i-'.iilu-ii' nil III' iii:ir\ ;. TWi'Vi'in-jiitL lit. reiUiii: 
ii| II. liii I-:!!:!'! r.l- \\\ |i'ti;tl '. ht M.y.-iiciiina. aianiit 
 iiiiiu i|iiiiii I It In: tii:it:i.. JliKiM-iii; i.l ii;> gu in^ 
iiiiiiiniii*' hiiiiM i! 

Oiu ri:. ^ 1,1 Will! lmiitiii:.T. .'iiu; ill* ii-jii: iivinf; ve'-r 

i-ii|i-iiii ii l:ii;'i fijMtiiji. \\\.\\ |i MiW li'.-ii!" lain.. l-"ir all. 
 i-Im j-liiiiiiit A: .I':. :i: :|44 J U-.'iu"*-^ < r. ;jli.i"- . f,-.-* ;. 

(III. liiiti iii{iii-ii,i ,i \.\\. 'I...* \\\K c 'vjv-si T'iiiot in tit~ 

V ii.- {i liiij'i \;in;;i.. i-t.;.?. iXi'i? \\\:Zy C'icuIa. illtC \r 

n.,in-:n.! ii< w. i ii'^ i 'I I I :ii kiii^ 1 'ijc"wed 

.1,1*1:1.; Mm it'...,: ht s..\^ TY j.v.:: Irv.: i.i.:-rc'li Tiia^e- 
.1.1 :.!.. Til* .;;..: '::: n>ki'.'- ir. y v i.i::,..^. f: -^j-^J 

in t:,!-: : I,. U. 1 : .:;.. ;. >:.Ok " >"...^. >.:\ /' ^i. - ^>,  
n  .^. I- :i.- '.! t '.'.'. . >! In' i^i' i'.^l -.. * ^ .__. .^" 

_ *- ,* -'HT TT;;,-. 

^.irt l^ v.aaa: 

I ... -  , Y  T   " '   ** " "' -^ 

_ . . _ : .. _ ^ ri";iL 

' '-' fl^ I. 

.. . .-_.-. - - ' '* ' "' '*^ 



t  . - 
  l> 



i.i  . . ". .. : :...} 

''' '.' ; * .. '.  ' ' >"! .v^ ' ^ ... 

' nififl 

 - ... . _. ^""^ 

 * ^- ,:. . ..". . 

. .   .    I *.." -  .  - 



h -  i* 



t  

;..:-    >    '   il I_ 

c .  .  >  .. . -.. \  

'    .-' I .1.. ...... 

-.-  ^ ... , ." ' - "  ".  

  - ;.:'  1 

 II11 -  1 ..  '.,," . ".,  .'* ". 

. .. : f I. . t *' , ' ' '  ' i." 

 ^i >;>f   '  ;  \\\ ; . , 



GRACIEUSE AND PERCINET. 8 

here to buy ten kingdoms, each as big ais Paris !"^ " Well," 
said the duchess, ''know that these bstrrels are all filled with 
gold and jewels, and I will make you master of all, provided you 
will marry me." "Oh," said the king, who loved money beyond 
anything, " I desire nothing better I  1*11 marry you to-mor- 
row if you please." " But," continued she, " I must make 
one more condition. I must have the same power over your 
daughter as her mother had. She must obey my will and 
pleasure, and you shall leave her entirely to my mans^ement" 
"Agreed," said the king, "there is my hand upon it." 
Grc^non placed her hand in his|, and leaving the treasure- 
vault together, she presented him with the key of it. 

The king immediately returned to his palace. Gracieuse, 
hearing her royal father's voice, ran to meet him, embraced 
him, and inquired if he had had good sport. " I have taken," 
^d he, " a dove, aHve." " Ah, Sir," said the princess, " give 
it to me, I will feed and make a p^ of it." " That may not 
be," replied the king, " for to speak plainly, I must tell you 
that I have seen the Duchess Grognon, and that I am going 
to marry her." "Oh, Heavens!" exclaimed Gracieuse, "can 
you call her a dove? She is more like a screech-owl!" 
" Hold your tongue," said the king, becoming angry; " I 
command you to love and respect her as much as if she were 
your mother. Go and dress yourself immediately, for I in- 
tend to return this very day to meet her." The princess, 
who was very obedient, went immediately to her dressing- 
room. Her nurse saw tears in her eyes  "What is the matter, 
my little darling 1" she asked, "you are crying?" "Alas! 
my dear nurse," answered Gracieuse, " who would not weep ? 
The king is going to give me a step-mother, and to complete 
my misfortune, she is my most cruel enemy,  in one word, the 
hideous Grognon ! How shall I ever bear to see her in the 
beautiful beds which the queen, my dear mother, so delicately 
embroidered with her own hands ! How can I ever caress a 
maUcious old ape who would have put me to death ! " " My 
dear child," replied the nurse, " you must have a spirit as 

 

(1) "Dix Moyaumes grands comme Paris." I am inclined to think that the word 
royaumes (kingdoms) was used advisedly in lieu of villes (cities), in compliment to 
the Grand Monarque, and at the expense of the petty princes of Germany and Italy, 
so continually opposed to him (particularly in the League of Augsburgh, 1687), some 
of whose entire dominions were not much larger that the metropolis of FTarvce. 



4 QBACIEUSE ASD FERdKET. 

high and noble as your birth. PrinoeflBes like you diould 
set the greatest examples to the worid; and what finer 
example can there be, th yn that of obedience to a fitther and 
sacrificing one's-self to please him I Promise me, tho^fore, 
that you will not manifest your antipathy to Grognon." The 
poor princess had much difficulty in summoning up resolu- 
tion to promise : but the prudent nurse gave her so many 
excellent reasons, that at length she pledged her word to put 
a good fiu3e on the matter, and b^Te courteously to her 
step-mother. She then proceeded to dre herself in a gown 
of green and gold brocade, her long fidr hair Calling m 
wavy folds upon her shoulders, and fiumed by the passing 
breezes, as was the fiishion in those days, and crowned with a 
li|^t wreath of roses and jasmine, the leaves of which were 
iMde of emeralds. In this attire, Venus, the mother of the 
loves, would have looked less beautiful, notwithstanding the 
air of melancholy which she could not altogether banish fim 
her countenance. 

But to return to Grognon. The ugly creature was exces- 
wvely occupied with her toilette. She had one shoe made 
half a cubit higher in the heel than the other, in order to 
appear hsati lame, a boddice stiiffed upon one shoulder to con- 
ceal tlie hump on its fellow. A glass eye, the best she could 
procure, to replace the one she had lost. She painted her 
brown akin white, dyed her red hair black, and then put on 
aw o[jen robe of amaranth coloured satin faced with blue, and 
a yellow petticoat, trimmed with violet ribbon. She deter- 
mined to make her entrB on horseback, because she had heard 
it was a custom of the queens of Spain. 

Wliilst the king was giving his orders, and Gracieuse await- 
ing tlie moment of departure to meet Grognon, she descended, 
alone into tlie palace gardens and strolled into a little gloomy 
grove, where she sat down upon the grass. ^' At length," she 
said, '* I am at liberty, and may cry as much as I please with- 
out any one to check meP and accordingly she sighed and 
wept so excessively, tliat her eyes appeared like two fountains 
in full play. In this sa^l state she no longer thought of re- 
turning to the Palace, wh6n she saw a page approaching, 
dressed in green satin, with a plume of white feathers in his 
cap and the handsomest countenance in the world. Bending 
one knee to the ground^ he said, " Princess, the king awaits 



GRACIEUSE AND PERCINET. 5 

you." She was struck with surprise at the beauty and grace 
of the young page, and, as he was a stranger to her, she sup- 
posed he was m the service of Grognon.  How long is it," 
said she, " since the king admitted you into the number of 
his pages?" " I am not the king's page, madam,'* he replied; 
"I am yours, and will be yours only." "Mine!" exclaimed 
Gracieuse, much astonished, " and I not know you !" " Ah, 
princess 1" said he, " hitherto I have not dared to make myself 
known to you, but the misfortunes with which you are 
threatened by this marriage of the king oblige me to speak 
to you sooner than I should have done. I had resolved to 
leave time and attention to declare to you my passion." 
"How! a page!" said the princess: "a page has the assu- 
rance to tell me he loves me!  Thisj indeed, completes 
my degradation!" **Be not alarmed, beautiful Gracieuse," 
said he, with the most tender and respectful air; " I am 
Percinet, a prince sufficiently well known for his wealth and 
his science, to relieve you from all idea of inequality in birth 
and station. In merit and person I eagerly admit your supe- 
riority. I have loved you long ; I have been often near you 
in these gardens without your perceiving me. The Fairy 
power bestowed upon me at my birth has been of great ser- 
vice in procuring me the pleasure of beholding you. I will 
accompany you everywhere to-day in this habit, and, I trust, 
not altogether without being of service to you." The princess 
gazed at him while he spoke, in a state of astonishment from 
which she could not recover. " It is you, then, handsome 
Percinet !" said she to him. " It is you whom I have so much 
wished to see, and of whom such surprising things are related ! 
How delighted I am that you desire to be my firiend ! I no 
longer fear the wicked Grognon, since you take an interest in 
my fortimes." A few more words passed between them, and 
then Gracieuse repaired to the palace, where she found a horse 
ready saddled and caparisoned, which Percinet had placed in 
the stables, and which it was supposed must be intended for 
her. She mounted it, and, as it was a very spirited animal, 
the page took the bridle and led it, turning every minute 
towards the princess that he might have the pleasure of 
beholding her. 

When the horse which had been selected for Grognon ap- 
peared beside that of Gracieuse, it looked like a dxo\iVi\. *^'3A^ 



6 QRACIEUS AND PEBCINET. 

and the housings of the beautiful steed so blazed with jdwels 
that those of the other could not be compared to them. The 
king, who was occupied with a thousand things, took no notice 
of it : but the nobles had no eyes but for the princess, whose 
beauty was their admiration, and for her green page, who was 
prettier than all the other Court pages put together. 

They met Grognon on the road in an open caleche^ looking 
more ugly and iU-^hapen than an old gipsy. The king and the 
princess embraced her. They led forward her horse^ that she 
might mount, but seeing the one Gracieuse was upon she ex- 
claimed, *' How ! Is this creature to have a finer horse than It 
I had rather never be a queen and return to my precious 
castle, than be treated in this manner ! ** The king immediately 
commanded the princess to dismoimt, and to b^ Grognon 
would do her honour to ride her horse. The princess obeyed 
without a murmur. Grognon neither looked at her, nor thanked 
her. She was hoisted up on the beautiful horse, and looked 
like a bundle of dirty clothes. Eight gentlemen held her for 
fear she should fall otf. Still she was not satisfied, but mut- 
tered threats between her teeth. They inquired what was the 
matter with her. " The matter is," said she, " that^ being 
the mistress, I choose that the green page shall hold the rein 
of my horse as he did when Gracieuse rode it." The king 
ordered the green page to lead the queen's horse. Percinet 
looked at the princess, and she at him, without speaking a 
word. He obeyed, and all the Court set forward, the drums 
and trumpets making a desperate noise. Grc^on was in 
raptures. Notwithstanding her flat nose and her wry mouth 
she would not have changed persons with Gracieuse. 

But at the moment when they were least thinking of it, 
lo, and behold, the fine horse began to boimd, to rear, and at 
length ran away at such a pace that no one could stop him. 
Off he went with Grognon, who held on by the sadcue and 
by the mane screaming with all her might. At length she 
was thrown with her foot in the stirrup. She was dragged 
for some distance over stones and thorns into a heap of mud 
where she was almost smothered. As everybody had ran 
after her as fast as they could, they soon came up to her: 
but her skin was scratched all over, her head cut open in four 
or five places, and one of her arms broken. Never was a 
bride in a more miserable plight 






t; "'11!. I lirTt ^ - 1 '. .i-.i- ,^ 

..:; : IT- iiRr^^r ,e VjiC 



:.. -TLC- : til- T -ui "Cc 

.. r:"vr :rr::r". a. i-u.: ;a aur 
.-.:: foi'.uru jini iL.ir -; 

. .  . ^ :::. t..LC*v tUii" r t;js !:: 
..i 'Tt: liiiTJTiiilis?. ui-: 

.:.-.?' ]f UtiL Tfi.'ST*!, 

T.-:::^U'.' \7iif a. fCL'i 

.... --. tmif all TTCl'i 
... ~-.: 'r.-,it'.ITra.TiL T^i 

.^- . ~u'": uuiT vrr.'ci'::: 

- ::-r iiefcCTT. l-e 

....-1. . : ~ uniLniaL: 12 

, -. - . ;:  1 :zL-^ t;:j: u-i-ih 

 , . .. >L-.. : '.:.-: *i:- :f ter 
*. .. . :* .x;. .-rw-.i-^e. rlaOf-i be- 

V .vx. .; .v.vi a: irv-:.:cv cu: her. 



QBACIEUSE AND PRCINT 9 

There was scarcely any one left to dispute the beauty of 
Grognon, when a young knight presented himself bearing a 
poortrait in a diamond box. He declared that he would 
fw f^intain Qrognon was the ugliest of all old women, and that 
she whose portrait was in the box was the &irest of all young 
maidens. So saying, he charged the six knights and un- 
horsed every one of them. Six others presented themselves, 
and so on to the number of four-and-twenty, all of whom he 
overthrew. Then opening his box, he told them that, by 
way of consolation for their defeat, he would show them the 
beautiful portrait. Every one instantly recognised it to be 
that of the Princess Gracieuse. 

The victorious knight made her a profound obeisance, and 
retired without making himself known, but she had not the 
least doubt it was Percinet. Grognon was nearly suffocated 
with passion ; her throat swelled to such a degree that she 
could not utter a word. She made signs that it was Gracieuse 
she was enraged at, and as soon as she could speak she began 
to rave like a mad woman. <' How 1 ** she exclaimed. *' Dare 
to dispute with me the palm of beauty? To bring such dis- 
grace upon my knights ! No, I cannot endure it, I must 
have vengeance or death ! " '^ Madam," said the princess, 
" I protest that I had not the least hand in anything that 
has happened. I am ready to attest with my blood, if it be 
your pleasure, that you are the handsomest person in the 
world, and that I am a monster of ugliness." " Ah, you can 
joke, can you, my little darling?" replied Grognon, "but I will 
have my turn before long." The king was informed of the 
rage of his wife, and that the princess was dying with terror, 
and implored him to have pity on her, as, should he leave 
her to the mercy of the queen, she would do her a thousand 
mischie&. He was perfectly unmoved by the appeal, and 
simply answered, " I have given her to her step-mother. She 
may do as she pleases with her." 

The wicked Grognon waited impatiently for night to arrive. 
As soon as it was dark she ordered the horses to be put to her 
travelling carriage. Gracieuse was forced into it, and under a 
strong escort she was conveyed to a large forest a hundred 
leagues distant, through which nobody dared pass, as it was 
full of lions, bears, tigers, and wolves. When they had 
reached the middle of this terrible wood they made th< 



10 GRACIEUSE AND PERCINET. 

Princess alight, and left her there regardless of her piteous 
supplications. "I do not ask you to spare my life,*' she 
oried, '^ I only request immediate death. Kill me and spare 
me ail the tortures I must suflFer here !" They were deaf to 
her entreaties. They did not even deign to answer her, and, 
galloping off, left the lovely and unfortunate maiden alone 
in the forest. She hurried on for some time without knowing 
whither she was going, now nmning against some tree, now 
falling, now entangled in the bushes, till at length over- 
whelmed with anguish, she threw herself on the ground unable 
to rise again. " Percinet !" she cried, twice or thrice, 
**Percinet! Where are you? Is it possible you can have 
abandoned me?" As she uttered the last words, she suddenly 
beheld the most surprising thing in the world. It was an 
illumination so magnificent that there was not a tree in the 
forest on which there were not several chandeliers filled with 
wax lights, and at the far end of an avenue she perceived 
a palace built entirely of crystal, which blazed like the son. 
She began to imagine Percinet had some hand in this new 
enchantment, and felt her joy a little mingled with fear. "I 
am alone," she said, " the prince is young, amiable, in love^ 
and I owe him my life ! Ah ! It is too much !  Let me fly 
from him !  Better for me to die than love him !" So saying; 
she managed to rise from the ground, notwithstanding hex 
weariness and weakness, and without casting another look 
towards the splendid palace, she hurried off in an opposite 
direction, so distressed and so bewildered by the various feel- 
ings which agitated her, that she did not know what she was 
doing. 

At that moment she heard a noise behind her. Fear seized 
her. She thought it was some wild beast who was about to 
devour her. She looked back, trembling, and beheld Prince - 
Percinet as handsome as they paint the God of Love. "You 
fly me, my Princess ! " said he. " You fear me when I adore 
you ! Is it possible you can know so little of tay respect as 
to suppose me capable of foiling in it to you ? Come ! corner 
without fear, into the fairy palace. I wiU not enter it if you 
forbid me. You will find there the queen, my mother, and 
my sisters, who already love you tenderly from my account of 
you." Gracieuse, charmed by the humble and engaging man- 
ner in which her young lover addressed her, could not .refuse 



GRACIEUSE AND PERCINET. 11 

to enter with him a little sledge, painted and gilt, and drawn 
by two stags, at a prodigiously swift pace, so that in a 
very short time he conducted her to a thousand points in the 
forest, each of which appeared to her admirable. It was 
throughout as light as day. There were shepherds and shep- 
herdesses gallantly dressed who danced to the sound of flutes 
and bag-pipes. In other spots, by the side of fountains,' she 
saw village swains and maidens feasting and singing gaily. 
" I thought this forest was uninhabited," said she to the 
prince; "but it seems full of happy people." "From the 
moment you set foot in it," replied Percinet, " this gloomy 
solitude became the abode of pleasure and mirth. The loves 
accompany you and flowers grow beneath your feet." Gracieuse 
feared to enter into such a conversation : she therefore re- 
quested him to conduct her to his mother, the queen. \He >y^ 
immediately ordered the stags to proceed to the feiry palace. 
As she approached it she heard most exquisite music, and 
the queen with two of her daughters met her, embraced her, 
and led her into a large saloon, the walls of which were of 
rock-crystal. She observed, with great astonishment, that all 
her own history to that very day was engraved upon the walls, 
even the promenade she had just made with the prince in the 
sledge, and the execution of the work was so fine that the 
master-pieces of Phidias and all that Greece ever could boast 
were not to be compared to it. "You have very diligent artists," 
said Gracieuse to Percinet, " every action, every gesture of 
mine is instantly sculptured." " Because I would not lose 
the recollection of the slightest circumstance relating to you, 
my princess," replied he. "Alas, in no place am I happy or 
contented!" She made him no answer; but thanked the 
queen for the manner in which she had received her. A grand 
banquet was served up, to which Gracieuse did justice, for she 
was delighted to have found Percinet in lieu of the bears and 
lions she had dreaded to meet in the forest. Although she 
was very tired, the prince persuaded her to pass into a saloon 
dazzling with gold and painting, in which an opera was per- 
formed before her. The subject was the Loves of Cupid and 
Psyche, and it was interspersed with dances and allusive 
songs. A young shepherd came forward, and sang the fol- 
lowing words : 



12 GRACIEUSE AND PERCINET. 

Gracieuse, beloved thou art, 
And by such a loving heart, 
Love's own god, were he to woo thee. 
Could not give a fonder to thee ! 
Hast thou one thyself more hard, 
Than rugged bear or spotted pard? 
None BO fierce the forest rove ; 
But obey the power of love. 
All things to his sceptre bow, 
Cold and cruel only thou! 

Gracieuse blushed at being so directly addressed by name 
before the queen and the princesses. She told Percinet that 
it was painful to her to have such a subject publicly alluded 
to. " It recals to me a maxim," she continued, " which I 
perfectly approve. 

",Be sparing of thy confidence, and know 
That silence can a charm on love bestow; 
The world's a wayward judge, and oftentimes 
The purest pleasures will denounce as crimes." 

The prince requested her pardon for having done anything 
that was displeasing to her, and the opera ended : the two 
princesses, by order of the queen, conducted Gracieuse to her 
apartments. Never was anything so magnificent as the fur- 
niture, or so elegant as the bed and bed-chamber appropriated 
to her. She was waited on by four-and-twenty miaidemi 
attired as nymphs, the eldest was but eighteen, and each a 
miracle of beauty. As soon as she was in bed a strain of ex- 
quisite music wooed her to sleep ; but wonder prevented her 
closing her eyes. "All I have seen," said she to herself, "is 
enchantment ! How greatly is so amiable and gifted a prinoe 
to be feared! I cannot fly these scenes too soon!"  and yet 
the idea of leaving them caused her considerable pain. To 
quit so magnificent a palace to place herself in the power of 
the barbarous Grognoi>!  The sacrifice was great  one might 
at least hesitate: on the other hand, she found Percinet so 
engaging she feared to remain in a palace of which he was the 
master. ^ As soon as she rose in the morning they brou^t 
her dresses of every colour, sets of jewellery of every fiwhion, 
laces, ribbons, gloves, silk stockings, all in the most marvel- 
lous taste. Nothing was wanting ! Her toilet was of chased 
gold; she had never been so perfectly dressed, and had never 



GAACnSUSE AND PEBCINET. 13 

looked so beautiful Percinet entered the room in a dress of 
green and gold, (green was his colour because Gracieuse was fond 
of it). All those we have heard boasted of as the best-formed 
and most amiable of men would have lost by comparison with 
this young prince. Gracieuse told him she had not been able 
to sleep ; that the recollection of her misfortunes tormented 
her, and that she could not help dreading the consequences. 
" What can alarm you, madam ?" said he ; " you are sovereign 
here  you are here adored  ^would you abandon me for your 
cruel enemy?" *'If I were my own mistress,** she replied, "I 
would accept your proposal; but I am accountable to the 
king, my &ther, for my actions, and it is better to suffer than 
fiedl in my duty." Percinet said everything in the world he 
could think of to persuade her to marry him ; but she would 
not consent, and it was almost in spite of herself that she was 
induced to remain one week, during which he invented a 
thousand new pleasures for her entertainment. She often 
said to the prince, ''I should much like to know what is 
passing in Grognon's Court, and how she has glossed over her 
conduct to me r V PcJ^cinet told her he would send his squire 
to ascertain, who was an intelligent person. She replied that 
she was convinced he had no need of any one to inform him 
of what was going on, and that therefore he could tell her 
immediately if he chose. " Come then with me," said he, 
" into the great tower, and you shall see for yourself." There- 
upon he led her to the top of an exceedingly high tower which 
was all of rock-crystal, like the rest of the chateau. He told 
her to place her foot on his, and her little finger in his mouth, 
and then to look in the direction of the city. She imme- 
diately perceived that the wicked Grognon was with the king, 
and that she was saying to him, " That wretched princess has 
hanged herself in the cellar ; I have just seen her, she is a 
most horrible sight  she must be buried immediately, and 
you will soon get over so trifling a loss." The king began to 
weep for the death of his daughter. Grognon turned her 
back upon him, retired to her apartments, caused a log of wood 
to be dressed up in a cap, and well wrapped in grave-clothes, 
put into a coffin, and then by order of the king there was a 
grand funeral, which was attended by everybody, weeping and 
cursing the cruel stepmother, whom they accused of having 
caused the death of the princess. All the people went into deep 



14 GRACTEUSE AND PERCINET. 

mourning, and she heard the lamentations for her loss, and 
that they whispered to one another, " What a pity that this 
lovely young princess should perish through the cruelties of 
such a wicked creature !  She ought to be cut to pieces and 
made into a pie !*' The king could neither eat nor drink, and 
cried ready to break his heart ! 

Gracieuse, seeing her father so afflicted, exclaimed, ''Ah, 
Percinet, I cannot allow my father to believe any longer tiiat 
I am dead. If you love me, take me back to him." All he 
could urge was in vain ; he was compelled to obey, though 
with great reluctance. " My princess," said he, " you wSl 
regret more than once leaving this fairy palace ; for, as to 
myself, I dare not think you will regret me. You are more 
unmerciful to me than Grognon is to you." It was of no use 
talking; she would go. She took leave of the prince's 
mother and sisters, entered the sledge with him, and the 
stags started off. As she left the palace she heard a great 
noise. She looked back ; it was the entire building which 
had faUen and lay broken into a thousand fragments. " What 
do I seer she cried ; "the palace destroyed I*' " My paJaoe," 
replied Percinet, " shall be amongst the dead. You will never 
reenter it till after you are buried." " You are angry," 
said Gracieuse, endeavouring to appease him. *' But am I not^ 
in fact, more to be pitied than youl" 

On arriving at the city, Percinet caused the princess, him- 
self, and the sledge to be invisible. Gracieuse ascended to the 
king's apartment and flung herself at his feet. When he saw 
her, he was frightened and would have run away, taking her 
for a ghost. \ She stopped him, and assured him she was not 
dead ; that Grognon had caused her to be carried off into the 
wilderness ; that she had climbed up a tree, where she had 
lived upon wild fruits; that they had buried a log of wood 
in her place, and ended, by begging him, for mercy's sake^ 
to send her to one of his castles, where she might no longer be 
exposed to the fury of her step-mother. 

The king, scarcely able to credit her story, had the log 
of wood taken up, and was astounded at the malice of Grog- 
non. Any other monarch would have ordered Grognon to be 
buried alive in its place; but he was a poor weak man, who 
hadn't courage enough to be really in a passion. He caressed 
his daughter a good deal, and made her sup with him. Wh 



GBAdEUSE AND FERCINET. 15 

Grognon's creatures ran and told her of the return of the 
princess, and that she was suppmg with the kiog, she began 
ix> rave like a mad woman, and rushing to him, told him 
there must be no hesitation about it; he must either abandon 
that cheat to her, or see her, on the instant, take her de- 
parture never to return as long as she lived. That it was 
mere folly to believe that the girl was the Princess Gracieuse. 
It was true she resembled her slightly, but that Gracieuse had 
hanged herself; that she had seen her with her own eyes, and 
that if any credence was given to the story of that impostor, 
it would be an unpardonable want of respect to, and con- 
fidence in her." The king without another word gave up to 
her the unfortunate princess, believing, or feigning to believe, 
that she was not his daughter. 

Grognon, transported with joy, dragged her, with the help 
of her women, into a dungeon, where she had her stripped. 
They took away her costly garments and threw over her a rag 
of coarse cloth, putting wooden shoes on her feet and a hood 
of drugget on her head. They barely gave her straw enough 
to lie upon, and a little black bread to eat. 

In tlus distress, she began to weep bitterly, and to regret 
the Fairy Palace; but she dared not call on Percinet for 
succour, feeling that she had treated him too unkindly, and 
not being able to believe he loved her enough to come again 
to her aid. In the meanwhile, the wicked Grognon had sent 
for a fairy who was little less malicious than herself. " I have 
here in my power," she said, " a little hussy who has offended 
me. I want to pimish her, by giving her such difficult tasks 
to execute that she will not be able to perform them, and so 
that I may break her bones without giving her a right to 
complain. Help me to find a new torment for her every day." 
The Fairy told her she would think of it, and that she should 
see her again the next morning. She kept her word. She 
brought a skein of thread as big as four grown-up people, so 
finely spun that it would break if you breathed on it, and so 
tangled that it was in a bundle without beginning or end. 
Grognon, delighted, sent for her beautiful prisoner, and said 
to her  " There, my good little gossip, set your great powers 
at work to wind off this skin of thread ; and rest assured that 
if you break the least bit of it, you are lost, for I will flay you 
alive, myself ! Begin whenever you please ; but it must \ 



16 GRACIEUSE AND PEECINET, 

wound off before sunset." With that she shut her up in a 
. room imder three looks. 

The Princess was no sooner left alone than, examining the 
enormous skein and turning it over and over, breaking a 
thousand threads in trying to find one to begin with, she 
became so confused that she ceased attempting to unravel it; 
and, flinging it into the middle of the room, *' Gro,** she cried, 
*' fatal thread, thou wilt be the cause of my death ! Ah, Per< 
cinet ! Percinet ! if my cruelty has not completely offended 
you, I implore you to hasten  ^not to save me, but only to 
receive my last farewell." Thereupon she began to weep so 
bitterly, that even one who was not a tender lover must have 
been touched by it Percinet opened the door as easily as if 
he had had the key in his pocket. *' 1 am here, my Princesa^" 
said he to her, *' always ready to serve you. I am not capable 
of deserting you, notwithstanding the poor return you make 
to my affection." He struck the skein three times with his 
wand; the broken threads were immediately rejoined, and 
two more taps unravelled it with most astonishing perfection. 
He inquired if there was any other service he could render 
her, and whether she would never call on him but when she 
was in trouble. " Do not reproach me, handsome Percinet," 
said she ; " I am already sufficiently miserable." " But, my 
Princess, it is in your own power to Uberate yourself from the 
tyramiy of which you are the victim. Come with me. Com- 
plete our mutual happiness. What do you feari" **Thafc 
you do not love me well enough," replied she. "I would 
have time to be convinced of your affection." Percinet, ezas- 
perated by her suspicions, bowed and disappeared. \ 

The sun was just about to set; Grognon awaited the 
moment with the greatest impatience. At length she antid- 
pated it, and came with her four furies, who accompanied her 
everywhere. She put the three keys into the three looks, and 
said as she opened the door, *' I'll wager, now, that this idle 
beauty hasn't wagged one of her ten fingers. She would 
much rather have slept to improve her complexion.** As aeon 
as she entered, Gracieuse presented her with the ball of thread 
quite perfect. She had not a word to say, except that Gra- 
cieuse had soiled it,  ^that she was a dirty creature; and for 
that gave her two such slaps on the face, that the roses and 
lilies of her cheeks turned blue and yellow. The bapU 



GRACIEUSE AND PERCTKET. 17 

Gracieuse bore patiently an insult she was not in a position to 
resent. They took her back to her dungeon, and locked her 
up carefully. Grognon, vexed that she' had not succeeded with 
the skein of thread, sent for the Fairy, and loaded her with 
reproaches. ''Find out something," she said, "so difficult 
that she cannot possibly accomplish it." The Fairy departed, 
and the next day returned with a great barrel full of feathers. 
There were some of all sorts of birds  nightingales, canaries, 
greenfinches, goldfinches, linnets, redwings, parrots, owls, spar- 
rows, doves, ostriches, bustards, peacocks, larks, partridges;  
I should never have finished if I attempted to name them all. 
These feathers were so mixed together, that the birds them- 
selves could not have recognised their own. " Here," Siiid the 
Fairy to Grognon, " is what will try the skill and patience of 
your prisoner. Order her to pick out these feathers, and put 
the peacock's, the nightingale's, and every other sort, each by 
themselves in separate heaps. It would be a task for a fairy." 
Grognon was r^dy to die with joy, picturing to herself the 
perplexity of the wretched princess. She sent for her, threat- 
ened her as before, and shut her up with the barrel in the 
chamber under three locks, ordering her to finish her work 
by sunset. N 

Gracieuse took out some of the feathers ; but finding it im- 
possible to distinguish the difierent kinds, threw them back 
again into the barrel ;  then took them out again, and made 
several attempts to sort them, but perceiving the task was 
impossible, ** Let me die," she cried, despairingly. "It is 
my death they seek, and death will end my misfortunes. I 
wUl not again call Percinet to my assistance. If he loved 
me he would have been already here." "I am here, my 
princess," exclaimed Percinet, rising out of the barrel in 
which he had concealed himself. " I am here to extricate you 
from the difficulty you are in. Can you doubt, after so many 
proofs of my affection, that I love you more than my life ? "  
Immediately he gave the barrel three taps with his wand, 
and the feathers came out by millions and sorted themselves 
into little heaps all round the room. " What do I not owe 
you, my lordl" said Gracieuse. "But for you I must have 
penjshed. Rest assured of my entire gratitude !" The prince 
tried everything to persuade her to take a firm resolution 
in his fitvour. She still asked for time, and though with 

n 



18 ORACIEUSE kSJ> FEBcnorr. 

coTif<i<1craf)1o violence to his own feelings, he granted her 

rofjiioRt. \^ 

(rro^on arrived, and was so thunderstruck by what she 
Knw, timf. sho was at her wit's end how further to tonnent 
(}nu-ioui*o. She did not omit to beat her, however, aaying that 
tho font horn were ill arranged. She sent for the Faiiy, and 
flow into a violftnt passion with her. The Fairy knew not 
how to RiiHwor hor; she was perfectly confounded. At 
loii^th nho f.oid (irtrgnon that she would employ all her skill 
ill rimkiiig n hnx which should bring her prisoner into greit 
friiiililf* if Rho veTrtiired to open it; and a few days aft erwanh 
nhn liroiii^ht n l>ox (f a tolerable size. ''Here," said she to 
Onifftinti, " onlpr your Blavo to cany this somewhere. Foitid 
li>i |inthiMiliirly to open it. She will not be able to resist it^ 
riii't vMii will I to )tntiffi(Hl.*' Grognon followed her instmctiom 
irri|.tiiMv " i *iirrv the box/* said she to Gracieuae, "to mj 

f'f li^f'-'iM. ntiil plnro it on the table in my closet: but I 

I Hm I /..ii, iiriiliif |i;>jn of diMith, to look at what it oontaina" 

''"""I (>( mIV with Im* woodon shoes, her cloth dressy and 

If ( "' .il.M tiiirn) All who met her exclaimed, "That must 
I' n |....M,.'iM ill ilii4iiiiiJo!" for nothing could conceal her mar- 
Ill. i<"'Mifv slio l)!)(i not walked &r before she felt 
'"' In |-i'iini ftiiiou:)) H little wood, on the skirt of a 
f'l I itii iri.>i.|,<w. 'iho K'M down to take breath. She placed 
M I... Mil ii.M- kn.v. ami snddouly felt an inclination to open 
'' 'VIimI I "IT? liMppfMY io met" *'*iil she; "I wont take any- 

"""  "I . I'Tif i'hIy iiv whrtt there is in it" She thought 

"' '" '" "f flif ^^M^<^|Ml>^^^vs. lut opeucd the box, and im- 

III. . I. ihly ,..,f jfMnp M ipvtntitY of little men and women, 

li.ih.i: iiiif. ;,..,) if,^ifinnrMH. htclo tables, little cooks, little 

'' ' " ''.f. fii,i ,%i;n)l if tho |>i\riy was not bigger than 

" '"'' ' I lfv :l<i|'pril mImmh the meadow, divided them- 

' ' hi. M,.,',.it,| ,>i,>n)M>*4. *\\\\\ W^wx the prettiest ball that 

 'ill 'j.iinr. il'nuMMJ. Mhei-? ewkeii, others feasted, 

"' '"" " ' H. i. |.|.mmI m.Immi'U'Iy. i^raeieuse. at first, was 

"' I'. I .inm.iil !) "M ft{t>tMA(tni\n' a ssight ; but after she 

'"* '"' 'I " III 1 1- MM. I ummIimI {^^ ii^t J luMu Wiok luto tho boi, 

I"' '"" ' ""  '' 'l''^ h rUo hulo gentlemen and 

''""; '"" ") 'llu. Ihl.lln*^ lUlowvd their example. The 

" "'"'! II mI"Mmmm. in |lu.Ulhv^a>nuulcheirspit8on their 

'" '.iMjM.*.,l udvi il(i> **oa \^hou die entered the 



GBACIEUSE AND PERCINET. 19 

meadow, and into the meadow again when she entered the 
wood. "0 thoughtless curiosity!" said Gracieuse, weeping, 
" thou wilt be too favourable to my enemy. The only mis- 
fortune I could have avoided has been brought on me by my 
own folly. Oh, I cannot sufficiently blame myself! Percinet !" 
she cried, " Percinet ! If it be possible you can still love such 
an imprudent princess, come and help me in this, the most 
unfortunate occurrence in my life!" Percinet did not wait 
to be called thrice. She saw him appear instantly in his 
splendid green dress. " If it were not for the wicked Grog- 
non," said he, " beautiful princess, you would never think of 
me.'* " Oh, think better of my sentiments," she replied; " I 
am not so insensible to merit, nor so ungrateful for benefits 
conferred on me. It is true I try your constancy ; but it is to 
reward it when I am convinced." Percinet, more happy than 
he had ever been before, tapped the box thrice with his wand, 
and immediately the little men and women, fiddlers, cooks, 
and roast-meat, were all packed into it as neatly as if they 
had never been out of it. Percinet had left his chariot in the 
wood. He begged the princess to make use of it to go to 
the rich ch&teau. She had much need of the carriage in the 
state she was in, so making her invisible, he drove her himself 
and enjoyed the pleasure of her company,  a pleasure which 
my chronicle asserts she was not indifferent to at the bottom 
of/her heart ; but she carefully concealed her sentiments. 

She arrived at the rich ch&teau, and when she demanded 
in the name of Grognon to be shown into the queen's closet, 
the governor burst into a fit of laughter. " What," said he, 
"do you imagine that you are to leave your sheep to be 
admitted into so beautiM a place? Be off with you wherever 
you like; never did wooden shoes tread those floors." Gracieuse 
begged him to write a line stating his refusal. He did so, 
and quitting the rich chateau she found the amiable Perci- 
net awaiting her, who drove her back to the palace. It 
would be difficult to write down all the tender and respectful 
things he said to her on the road in the hope of persuading 
her to put an end to his unliappiness. She promised him 
that if Grognon played her another wicked trick she would 
Qonsent. 'Ss^ 

When her vile stepmother saw her return she flew at the 
Fairy, whom she had detained, and scratched, and would ha^ 



20 ORACnCUSE AND BIBCINET. , 

strangled her, if a Miy oould have been strangled. Gnumm 
presented her with the governor s letter and the box. Sim 
threw both into the fire, without deigning to open either, sal 
if she was to be believed herself she would have wiUbig^ 
flung the prinoess into it also; but she did not long. postpoM 
her punishment She had a great hole dug in the garden ii 
deep as a well ; over it they placed a laige tone. She that 
went to walk in the garden, and said to Graoieuae and tbm 
who accompanied her, '* Here is a stone under which I am in- 
formed there isa treasure, come, let us lift it quickly.** adi knt 
a helping hand ; Gracieuse amongst the rest This was exaod|f 
what Grognon wanted. As soon as the princess was on tie 
brink of the pit, Grognon pushed her violently into it uA 
the others let the stone OeJI again on the top of it Thia tine 
the case was indeed a hopeless one. How was Peroinet to 
find her in the bowels of the earth) She perfectly oompn* 
bended the difficulty of her position, and repented having sp 
long delayed marrying him. '' How terrible is my fiate !** Ae 
cried ; " I am buried alive !  ^the most dreadful of all deothsl 
You are revenged for ray hesitation, Percinet; but I feared 
you were of the same inconstant nature as other men, who 
change as soon as they are sure they are beloved. I wished 
to be convinced of your constancy ; my prudent suspicions 
are the cause of my present condition. If I could still hope 
you would regret my loss, my fate would be less painful'* 
She was thus giving vent to her anguish when she saw a little 
door open, which had escaped her attention in the darkness, 
and through it perceived the light of day, and gardens filled 
with flowers, fruits, fountains, grottos, statues, bowers, and 
summer-houses. She did not hesitate to enter it She 
advanced up a grand avenue, wondering what would be the 
end of this adventure. Almost at the same moment she per- 
ceived the fairy palace. She had not much difficulty in 
recognising it, independently of the facts that one rarely finds 
a building entirely of rock crystal, and that she perceived all 
her recent adventures were engraved in it. Percinet appeared 
with the queen his mother, and his sisters. '^Eefuse no 
longer, lovely princess," said the queen to Gracieuse ; " it is 
time to make my son happy, and to relieve you firom the 
deplorable life you lead under the tyranny of Grognon." Tito 
grateful princess fell on her knees before her, and told her she 



GRACIEUSE AND PERCINET. 21 

placed her fate in her hands, and that she would obey her in 
all things. That she had not forgotten the prophecy of Per- 
cinet at the time she left the fSEtiry palace, when he said to her 
that that very palace would be amongst the dead, and that 
she would never re-enter it till after she had been buried. 
That she had the greatest admiration for his wisdom, and no 
less for his worth, and that she accepted him for her husband. 
The prince in his turn knelt at her feet ; and at the same 
instant the palace rang with shouts and music, and the mar- 
riage was celebrated with the greatest magnificence. All the 
fairies for a thousand leagues round appeared with sumptuous 
equipages; some came in cars drawn by swans, others by 
dragons, others on clouds, others in globes of fire. Amongst 
them appeared the fairy who had assisted Grognon to torment 
Gracieuse. When she recognised the princess, never was any 
one so surprised. She conjured her to forget the past, and 
promised she would take every means of atoning for the 
misery she had made her suffer. Actually, she would not 
stay for the banquet ; but, re-ascending her car drawn by two 
terrible serpents, she flew to the king's palace, sought out 
Grognon, and wrung her neck before the guards or her women 
could interfere to prevent her. 

Enyy, thou mean but most malignant foe 
Of all on earth, good, beautiful, and great; 
'Twas thy foul hand that aim'd each cruel blow 
At Gracieuse, and fann'd the fiendish hate 
Of hideous Grognion. What had been thy fate. 
Sweet princess, if thy fond and faithful guard, 
Thy Percinet, had not been erer there ! 
O, well did be deserve the rich reward 
Of constancy,  the crown the Gods prepare 
For all-enduring, pure, unselfish Love to wear. 



THE FAIB WITH GOLDEN HATTL 



050E upon a time there was a kingfs dBsa^tar, ^bo 
WB8 80 handsome, there was nothing in the world to lie 
compared with her for beauty, and she was called As 
Fair with Golden Hair: because her locks were like As 
finest gold, marvellously bright, and fidling all in xmg^ 
to her feet She always appeared with her hair flowipg 
in curls about her, crowned with flowers, and her droMi 
embroidered with diamonds and pearls. However it miig^ ' 
be, it was impossible to see her without loving her. Tbqn 
was a young king amongst her nei^bours, who waa 1B- 
marrie^ very handsome, and very rich. When he heard' iB 
that was said about the Fair with Golden Hair, although he 
had never seen her, he felt so deeply in love with her, that 
ho could neither eat nor drink, and therefore xeeolved to 
send an ambassador to ask her hand in marriage. He had 
a magnificent coach made for this ambassador, gave him. up- 
wards of a hundred horses and as many servantfl^ and ofaaxged 
him particularly not to return without the prinoen. From 
the moment that the envoy had taken leave of the kin^ tiia 
whole court talked of nothing else ; and the long, who new 
doubted that the Fair with Golden Hair would oonsent to hii 
proposal, ordered immediately fine dresses and splendid fiir- 
niture to be prepared for her. While the wozkmi were 
hard at work, the ambassador arrived at the Fair one*s court 
and delivered his little message; but whether she wav.tfast 
day out of temper, or that the compliment was not agrAHs 
to her, she answered the ambassador, that she thanked ^ 
king, but had no inclination to marry. The nmbftwwdfir 
quitted the court of the princess very low-spirited at not 
bemg able to bring her with him. He carried back aU the 
presents he had been the bearer of from the king, lor tta 



THE FAIR WTTH GOLDEN HAIR. 23 

princess was very prudent, and was perfectly aware that 
young ladies should never receive gifts from bachelors; so 
she declined accepting the beautiful diamonds and the other 
valuable articles, and only retained, in order not to aflO-ont 
the king, a quarter of a pound of English pins.^ 

When the ambassador reached the capital city of the king, 
where he was so impatiently awaited, everybody was afflicted 
that he did not bring back with him the Fair with Golden 
Hair, and the king began to cry like a child. They endeavoured 
to console him, but without the least success. 

There was a youth at court who was as beautiful as the 
sun, and had the finest figure in the kingdom. On account 
of ids graceful manners and his intelligence he was called 
Avenant. Everybody loved him, except the envious, who 
were vexed that the king conferred fisivours upon him and 
daOy confided to him his afi&irs. 

Avenant was in company with some persons who were 
talking of the return of the ambassador, and saying he had 
done no good. " If the king had sent me to the Fair with 
Golden Hair," said he to them carelessly, " I am certain she 
would have returned with me." These mischief-makers went 
immediately to the king, and said, " Sire, you know not what 
Avenant asserts,  That if you had sent him to the Fair with 
Grolden Hair he would have brought her back with him. Ob- 
serve his malice ! He pretends that he is handsomer than you, 
and that she would have been so fond of him that she would 
have followed him anywhere." 

At this the king flew into a rage  a rage so terrible, that 
he was quite beside himself " Ha, ha ! " he cried, " this pretty 
minion laughs at my misfortune, and values himself above 
me! Go!  fling him into the great tower, and let him 
starve to death!" 

The royal guards hastened in search of Avenant, who had 
quite forgotten what he had said. They dragged him to 
prison, inflicting a thousand injuries upon him. The poor 
youth had only a little straw to lie upon, and would soon 
have perished but for a tiny spring that trickled through the 
foundations of the tower, and of which he drank a few drops 

(1) A proof of the estimation in which English pins were held before 1700. Pins 
were formerly in such great demand for new year's gifts in Paris, that on New Year' 
day, and * the eve thereof," extra shops were specially licensed for their sale. 



24 THE FAIH WITH GOLDEN HAIE. 

to refresh himself, his mouth being parched with thirst. One 
day, when he was quite exhausted, he exclaimed, with a heavy 
sigh, ^' What does the king complain of? He has not a sub- 
ject more loyal than I am,  I have never done anything to 
offend him !'* The king by chance passed dose by the tower, 
and hearing the voice of one he had loved so dearly, he stopped 
to listen, notwithstanding those who were with him, who hatod 
Avenant, and said to the king, " What interests you, Sirel  
Do you not know he is a rogue?" The king replied^ " Leave me 
alone ; I would hear what he has to say." Having listened to 
his complaints, the tears stood in his eyes: he opened the 
door of the tower and called to the prisoner. Avenant came^ 
and knelt before him in deep sorrow, and kissed his feet 
" What have I done. Sire, that I am thus severely treated!" 
" Thou hast made game of me, and of my ambassador,** an- 
swered the king. " Thou hast boasted, that if I had sent thee 
to the Fair with Golden Hair, thou wouldst certainly have 
brought her back with thee." 

" It is true. Sire," rejoined Avenant, " that I should have 
so impressed her with the sense of your majesty's high qua- 
lities, that I feel persuaded she could not have refused you; 
and in saying that, Sire, I uttered nothing that could be dis- 
agreeable to you," The king saw clearly that Avenant was 
innocent. He cast an angry look upon the traducers of his 
favourite, and brought him away with him, sincerely repent- 
ing the wrong he had done to him. After giving him an 
excellent supper he called him into his cabinet and said to 
him : " Avenant, I still love the Fair with Golden Hair ; her 
refusal has not discouraged me : but I know not what course 
to take to induce her to marry me. I am tempted to send 
thee to her to see if thou couldst succeed." Avenant re- 
plied that he was ready to obey him in everything, and that 
he would set out the next day. " Hold," said the king; "I 
would give thee a splendid equipage." ** It is unnecessary," 
answered Avenant ; " I need only a good horse, and letters of 
credence from your majesty." The king embraced him, for 
he was delighted to find him prepared to start so quickly. 

It was on a Monday morning that he took leave of the 
king and of his friends to proceed on his embassy, quite alone 
and without pomp or noise. His mind was occupied solely 
with schemes to induce the Fair with Golden Hair to many 



THE FAIR WITH GOLDEN HAIE. 25 

the l^ing. He had a writing-case in his pockety and when a 
happy idea occurred to him for his introductory address, he 
alighted from his steed and seated himself under the trees to 
commit it to paper, so that he might not forget anything. 
One morning ^at he had set out at the first peep of day, in 
passing through a large meadow, a charming idea came into 
his head: he dismounted, and seated himself beside some 
willows and poplars which were planted along the bank of a 
little river that ran by the edge of the meadow. After he 
had made his note, he looked about him, delighted to find 
himself in so beautiful a spot. He perceived on the grass 
a large gilded carp gasping and nearly exhausted, for in try- 
ing to catch some little flies it had leaped so far out of the 
water that it had fallen on the grass, and was all but dead. 
Avenant took pity upon it, and, although it was a fast-day, 
and he might have carried it off for his dinner, he picked it 
up and put it gently back into the river. As soon as my 
friend the carp felt the freshness of the water, she began to 
recover herself, and glided down to the very bottom, then 
rising again joyously to the bank of the stream, " Avenant," 
said she, " I thank you for the kindness you have done me ; 
but for you I should have died. You have saved me ; I will 
do as much for you." After this little compliment she darted 
down again into the water, leaving Avenant much surprised 
at her intelligence and great civility. 

Another day, as he continued his journey, he saw a crow in 
great distress. The poor bird was pursued by a large eagle 
(a great devourer of crows), which had nearly caught it, and 
would have swallowed it like a lentil if Avenant had not felt 
compassion for its misfortune. " Thus," he cried, " do the 
strong oppress the weak. What right has the eagle to eat the 
crow ? " He seized his bow and arrow, which he always carried 
with him, and taking a good aim at the eagle, whizz ! he sent 
the shaft right through its body; it fell dead, and the crow, 
enraptured, came and perched on a tree. " Avenant," it cried 
to him, " it was very generous of you thus to succour me, 
I who am only a poor crow ; but I will not be ungrateful, 
I will do as much for you." 

Avenant admired the good sense of the crow, and resumed 
his journey. Entering a great wood so early in the morning 
that there was scarcely light enough for him to see his road 




)^/ 1HK J-AIR MTTU GOLDES 

. ..-w .aj. omtJ tof:i-oc'diiiif;. like uii owl in 
'-. .-..'; j< " iji;n;V au uwl iu great affiicticsi. ^^^ 
-,.^./.f ]/ij-i;ijir, lij hoiiit' 111.*!.*' He HearcLed cki all 
A My (iM^/^kcii;'! b^iiiii: lui'ge liUtB, wliich bad been 
t-ym.'ii fiiiiiii/ t.lii; iiiglit to cutcb Email bixcka. *" 
ijf  ,i.ii Ji ' Uiut lueij ure uiilv made to t4 ji inwii 
ji.L'.t , 'u 1^/ \a:i t^if-AiU- \tfj*jr ttiiiuialb wbicb do tbem no 
'it ii...^:ij.t:f '* Jit <lii'w liih knife and cut tbe cordfi. 
/.'*# ii'/'*' ''*' Mfturiiin;; hwil'tl}' on tbe wing.  *" 
.> <  < ' i> ir ji.(;<lluv. for lue to make a long 
 j..ii.< f '#ij t^/ i/t\n\nii\kf\A the oblimition I am under idtol: 
.].'.'#. j'l.iiijly 4:ii<>ii;<ii for ituelL Tbe bunten wouia HKB 
;.. / (..'. i. i.i.M . J JiifJ l^;<;u taken. T bud been dead, bnxiv 
^'' -4 -..ML^iiM J iiavc a grateful beurt; I will do ae 

ii< ^ rr'i' liii: WiiiAt in'M juiportant adTtsuLiiivb 
J .)- / , ij.i.ji <yii jjii-. jouriii.'y. Jie was bo eager to nmbhl^ 
' I ; ',\ A \.\iu\ \^t i<^i \nj time iu repairing to tbe pataoe 
/l I;.' J'.ij .jili <j</M(rn JJair. Everytbing about it 'vai 

..'.n,.,.'i>\' 'iliM<- W4i-i: 'JjatiJoiidH to be seen in heaps. iB 
\t.-. . :i. \\.> f m j;< i/i/jf >. Kint; clothes, sweetmeatB, maDcr, 

ij.' i<.'/..i .r"ji'i< liuj ci^ht lijul c'ver wuH seen ; and AvenaDt 
1 1. .-..; J. i jji hi.-, ill .ill, jf lii; could ]>er}$uade tbe princess to 
!''/< .-11 D.J. It; |/'; i'/ <h<- Kiijg hiK niaKtcr, be sbould be Teij 
hi'i/in'i><'l Jl< 'lit hi.4 '1 hiiiiM-lf in a Kiiit of brocade, with t 
jii'iif.' "I f.inj<iiM/n iiijil while fcaUicrK; coDibed and powdered 
iijiii. ill. ...ii-.lii ij jjii-. liK i; j/ii(, a rioiily embroidered scarf ronnd 
Ijj. iji 1 1 , vyiih iJ tiiih: hji^K<;<., iiiid in it a l>cautiful little dog 
will' \\ )ji ii.jij h>/Mj;til. im hi' mMu: iltrough Bologna.^ Avenant 
wji^ ,.(; IjiiijiI. i/jjji:, \-M luiiiithh', iind did everytbing witb so 
iJHn h j.'i.ui , iltJil. whi-n he pruHtuiUid himself at tbe palace 
Kui.c, I he f^iijtiilii Nihih:d him muht njHpcctfuUy, and tbey ran 
to infuriM I he, Vmw wilh <ildi{n Hiiir, that Avenant, am- 
biuwiulor iVuiii tlin King, lier neuriiMt noiglibour, requested to 
bo l)ruBtint.4!d to iter. 

At tho niimu of A viuiant, th( princesH said, " Tbat betokens 
Bomctluug agrieabli) to mi. 1 would wager be is a pretty 



THE lAIB WITH GOLDEN HAITI. 27 

fellgw, and pleases everybody." "Yes, in sooth, Madam," 
exclaimed all her maids of honour; " we saw him from the 
lofb in which we were dressing your flax, and as long as he 
remained under the windows we could do no work." '* Very 
pretty," replied the Fair with Golden Hair ; " amusing your- 
selves with looking at young men!  Here, give me my grand 
gown of blue embroidered satin, and arrange my fair hair 
very tastefully; get me some garlands of fresh flowers, my 
high-heeled shoes, and my fan. Let them sweep my presence- 
chamber, and dust my throne ; for I would have him declare 
everywhere that I am truly the Fair with Golden Hair." 

All her women hastened io attire her like a queen. They 
were in such a hurry that they ran against each other, and 
made scarcely any progress. At length, however, the prin- 
cess passed into the great gallery of mirroi*s, to see if anything 
was wanting, and then ascended her throne of gold, ivory, and 
ebony, which emitted a perfume like balsam, and commanded 
her maids of honour to take their instruments, and sing very 
softly so as not to confuse any one. 

Avenant was ushered into the hall of audience. He was so 
struck with admiration, that he has since declared frequently 
that he could scarcely speak ; nevertheless, he took courage, 
and delivered his oration to perfection. He beseeched the 
princess that he might not have the mortification of returning 
without her. "Gentle Avenant," she replied, **the argu- 
ments you have adduced are all of them exceedingly good, 
and I assure you I should be very happy to favour yon more 
than another, but you must know that about a month ago I 
was walking by the river side, with all my ladies in waiting, 
and in pulUng off my glove in order to take some refreshment 
that was served me I drew from my finger a ring, which un- 
fortunately fell into the stream. I valued it more than my 
kingdom. I leave you to imagine the grief its loss occasioned 
me. I have made a vow never to listen to any offers of mar- 
riage, if the ambassador, who proposes the husband, does not 
restore to me my ring. You now see therefore what you have 
to do in this matter, for though you should talk to me for a 
fortnight, night and day, you would never persuade me to 
change my mind." 

Avenant was much surprised at this answer : he made the 
princess a low bow, and .begged her to accept the little dc 



28 THE PAIR WITH GOLDEN HAIH. 

the basket, and the scarf; but she replied that she would 
receive no presents, and bade him go and reflect on what she 
had said to him. When he returned to his lodgings, he went 
to bed without eating any supper, and his little dog, whose 
name was Cabriolle, would take none himself, and went and 
laid down beside his master. All night long Avenant never 
ceased sighing. " Where can I hope to find a ring that fell a 
month ago into a great river]" said he; "it would be folly to 
attempt looking for it. The princess only named this condi- 
tion to me because she knew it was impossible for me to fulfil 
it.'* And then he sighed again and was very sorrowfuL 
Cabriolle, who heard him, said, " My dear master, I entreat 
you not to despair of your good fortune : you are too amiable 
not to be happy. Let us go to the river side as soon as it is 
daylight" Avenant gave him two little pats, without saying 
a word, and, worn out with grieving, fell asleep. 

Cabriolle, as soon as he saw daybreak, frisked about so that 
he waked Avenant, and said to him, ** Dress yourself, master, 
and let us go out." Avenant was quite willing; he arose, 
dressed, and descended into the garden, and fi-om the garden 
strayed mechanically towards the river, on the banks of which 
he strolled with his hat pulled over his eyes, and his arms 
folded, thinking only of taking his departure, when suddenly 
he heard himself called by his name  "Avenant! Avenant!" 
He looked all around him, and could see nobody : he thought 
he was dreaming. He resumed his walk, when again the 
voice called, "Avenant! Avenant!" "Who calls meV he 
asked. Cabriolle, who was very little and was looking close 
down into the water, replied, " Never trust me if it be not a 
golden carp that I see here." Immediately the carp appeared 
on the surface, and said to Avenant, " You saved my life in 
the nettle-tree meadow,^ where I must have perished but for 
your assistance. I promised to do as much for you. Here, 
dear Avenant, is the ring of the Fair with Golden Hair. 
Avenant stooped and took the ring out of my friend the carp's 
mouth, whom he thanked a thousand times. Instead of 
returning to his lodgings he went directly to the palace, fol- 
lowed by little Cabriolle, who was very glad he had induced his 

(1) " Pr6 des Alisiers."  Alisier, the lote or nettle-tree." " Alisier gris, the grey 
lote. Alisier rouge, the red lote, both (and all the kinds thereof) strangers in 
England," writes Cotgrave in his Dictionary, Ed. 1650. 



THE PAIR WITH GOLDEN HAIB. 29 

master to take a walk by the river side. The princess was 
informed that Avenant requested to see her. ** Alas ! poor 
youth," said she, " he is come to take leave of me. He is 
convinced that I required an impossibility, and he is about to 
return with these tidings to his master." Avenant was intro- 
duced, and presented her with the ring, saying, " Madam, I 
have obeyed your commands. Will it please you to accept 
the king my master for your husband?" When she saw her 
ring quite perfect she was so astonished  so astonished  that 
she thought she was dreaming ! *' Really," said she, '* cour- 
teous Avenant, you must be favoured by a fairy, for by 
natural means this is impossible." " Madam," he answered, 
** I am not acquainted with any fairy, but I was very anxious 
to obey you." "As you are so obliging," continued she, " you 
must do me another service, without which I never will be 
married. There is a prince not far from here, named Gali- 
fron, who has taken it into his head he will make me his 
wife. He declared to me his determination, accompanying it 
by the most terrible threats, that if I refused him he would 
lay waste my kingdom ; but judge if I could accept him. He 
is a giant taller than a high tower; he eats a man as a 
monkey eats a chestnut ; when he goes into the country he 
carries in his pockets small cannons which he uses for pistols, 
and when he speaks very loud those who are near him become 
deaf I sent word to him that I did not wish to marry, and 
that he must excuse me, but he has never ceased to persecute 
me. He kills all my subjects, and before anything can be 
done you must fight him and bnng me his head." 

Avenant was a little astounded at this proposition ; he 
mused for a few minutes upon it, and then answered, " Well, 
Madam, I will fight Galifron ; I believe I shall be conquered, 
but I will die as becomes. a brave man." The princess was 
much surprised at his determination; she said a thousand 
things to prevent his undertaking the adventure. It was of 
no use. He withdrew to seek for weapons and everything 
else he might require. When he had made his preparations, 
he replaced little Cabriolle in his basket, mounted a fine 
horse, and rode into the dominions of Galifron. He inquired 
about him of all he met, and everyone told him he was a very 
demon whom nobody dared approach. The more he heard 
of him the more his alarm increased. Cabriolle encouraged 
him, and said, " My dear master, while you ftght \iiiii 1 Vi! 



St" THI T xTi. r. n * GQUIEF HAIL 

:* i^jr ij.. Til r.'-: i. ?:J nanafclfof me. nd thenyw 
jd: ..,. i.:i: tioci:* * ^-.vcaan: vcnzrec the irit of tbe Imb 
Cu*:: l'j: li- iiii'/f w-l tni.i;zi tux: nt i*eii- coxiid be afHraB 
ia^ii:. --i: itfL:;rti :j'. iirrrvr-L ii. int neisiiboiirhood of Gili- 
Ij-*: ' yii*:j- A! :>. r.uj- :. :: ir-n stn?wBd "witL the bona 
aij'. L.".ijr uf lutn v^ii^u u*. liaL eaiCL or torn tc* pifioeB. Be 
di'. ii  yai'. t.*iir ifj:,*r\ if. &i,T tttt nionscer comiiig tbronpi 
;. V. tj( . iii^ utsuc. war Ti^ibit uiiort tiit: higjiflic trees, and he 



? : ^ rufi' rra:r.-: ^ w tru 

?'u: u tut viut woTi;. timt voiul no: tat tef! 

UpoL v'LicL A vM TiKTi ? nimjediuittl'T saor xo ibe sune time  



' Hi Ken i /.xmair ti ut 
V lit nfiuet ii univ >uxr teeii l 

Ifin m t itif f!iiuu{:L kt cuuguer 3*01: *' 



The rLvL^et vert l'.i c -r.* tdi;TU'd tc> tbe muBC. but he 
ijiade tueii. ::- a greai Lujtt; nzs'i ii it reklhr a miracle they 
M<rre uoi iijv;ij worbt.. fvriifc v&b in a desjierate firigbt. When I 
OuJifioii hirard tLevr Mvris. Le ]j:-ked Jibont bim in eveiy I 
iWn-j-AAhu. liii'i cau^Lt ti^Lt of Averiant, wbo. sword in band, 
iitt,<;n;d w.'vcml tasjut-h to provoke Lim, Tbej were needless, 
liowov* r. J J I; wa in a drtadfiii rage, and snatcbing np an 
ii'/ii \nii.('Mj \n: would }iave cniished the gentle Avenant at one 
Mow, }ja<l not a crow lij^hted at that instant on bis bead, and 
Willi iiM f,<;jtk i/ioKt adroitly picked out botb bis eyea. The 
i'l'M,d mil <|(,wii JiiH face, and he laid about bim on all sides 
lilu*. ;i iii!idinjin. Avcnant avoided bis blows, and gave bim 
mrli ihriihin with hJH hword, running it up to tbe bilt in his 
'""ly, Unit lit liiHt h<j fell bleeding from a thousand wounda 
AviMiiiiil, |iii'Uly (Mit oif Imh head, quite transported with joy 

"I '"' W 1 f'nrtiiiie; and the crow, who had perched itself on 

<' lumirMt irnr, Huid to }iini : "I have not forgotten the 
'" vino vnu nMwlortMl im^ in killing the eagle which pursued 
'" \ jT.MuirMMl you | w(Mild retuHi the obligation. I trust 

you, Monsieur Crow, 
)bliged servant;" and 
the horrible bead of 

^^vv. *MHu, ,. I. ,. , , -. -; : ".'- " tl^o people foUowed 

*u^uvM^vU" s "7*'''\<^^ hmvo Avonant, who has slain the 
' ^* ^Ht {\x,s i^riuims who beoni a great uproar, 



" " I rMuirMMl you | would retuHi the ob 

;vu dot.u rto to day."  1 owe all to you, 

';;^ AvtMmnt. -and nMuain your oblige 




TbB Fair with Oolden nair.-i 



: I 






.r it. 
vhich 
dragoi 



THE FAIR WITH GOLDEN HAIR. 31 

and who trembled lest they should come and announce to her 
the death of Avenant, dared not inquire what had happened. 
But the next moment she saw Avenant enter, bearing the 
giant's head, which still impressed her with terror, although 
there was no longer any occasion for alarm. " Madam," said 
Avenant to the princess, " your enemy is dead : I trust you 
wiU no longer refuse the king my master." " Ah ! pardon 
me,'* said the Fair with Golden Hair; "but, indeed, I must 
refuse him, unless you can find means, before my departure, 
to bring me some water from the Gloomy Grotto. Hard by 
there is a deep cavern, full six leagues in extent. At the 
mouth of it are two dragons, who prevent any one from 
entering : flames issue from their jaws and eyes. Inside the 
cavern is a deep pit, into which you must descend : it is full 
of toads, adders, and serpenta At the bottom of this pit 
there is a small cavity, through which flows the fountain of 
Health and Beauty. Some of that water I must absolutely 
obtain. Whatever is washed with it becomes something mar- 
vellous. If persons are handsome, they remain so for ever ; 
if ugly, they become beautiful : if young, they remain always 
young; if old, they become young again. You may well 
imagine, Avenant, that I would not quit my kingdom without 
some of this wonderful water." " Madam," he replied, " you 
are so beautiful already, that this water will be quite useless 
to you; but I am an unfortunate ambassador, whose death 
you desire. I go in search of that which you covet, with the 
certainty that I shall never return." The Fair with Golden 
Hair was immovable, and Avenant set out with the little dog 
Cabriolle to seek in the Gloomy Grotto the water of beauty. 
Everybody who met him on the road exclaimed, " 'Tis a pity 
to see so amiable a youth wantonly court destruction. He 
goes alone to the grotto, when, even if he had a hundred men 
to back him he could not accomplish his object. Why will 
the princess only demand impossibilities ? " Avenant passed 
on without saying a word, but he was in very low spirits. 

Having nearlv got to the top of a mountain, he sat down 
to rest a little, allowing his horse to graze and Cabriolle to 
run after the flies. He knew that the Gloomy Grotto was not 
far from that spot, and looked about to see if he could dis- 
cover it. He perceived a horrible rock, as black as ink, out 
of which issued a thick smoke ; and the next minute one of 
the dragons, casting out fire from his mouth and eyes. lt\ia.^ 



32 TUE FAIR WITH GOLDEN HAJB. 

a green and yellow body, great claws, and a long tail, coiled 
nnmd in more than a hundred folds. Cabriolle saw all thia^ 
and was so friizlitened he did not know where to hide himadC 
Avenant, perfectly prepared to die, drew his sword, and de- 
scended towanls the cavern, with a phial which the Fair witii 
Golden Hair had given him to fill with the water of beautj. 
He &iid to his little dog Cabriolle, "It is all over with me; 
I shall never be able to obtain the water which is guarded by 
those dragons. When I am dead, fill the phial with my blood, 
and airry it to the princess, that she may see what she hai 
CLVst me. Then go to the king my master, and tell him my 
sad story." As he uttered these words, he heard a voice 
calliuir, ** Avenant ! Avenant !" " Who calls me 1" he asked: 
and he saw an owl in the hollow of an old tree, who said to 
him: ''You let me out of the fowler's net in which I was 
caught, and saved my life. I promised I would do you ai 
goixl a turn, and now is the time. Give me your phiaL I am 
film i liar with all the windings in the Gloomy Grotto. I will 
fetch you some of the water of beauty." Oh, I leave yon 
to imagine who was delighted ! Avenant quickly handed the 
phial to the owl. and saw it enter the grotto without the least 
diftioulty. In loss than a quarter of an hour the bird returned 
with x\\v phi:il full of water, and tightly stopped. Avenant was 
in oost;;sios ! He thanked the owl heartily, and, re-ascending 
tho iiunintain. joyfully toi^k his way back to the city. 

Ho wout straight to the palace and presented the phial to 
tho Fair with Golden Hair, who had no longer an excuse to 
make. Slio thanked Avenant. gave orders for everything to 
bo got ivady for her departure, and finally set out with him 
on thoir journey. She found him an exceedingly agreeable 
ooiv.|\\nion. and s;iid to him more than once, " If you had 
wishovl it, I would have made you king, and there would 
liave boon no occasion for us to quit my dominions." But 
his answer was always, " I would not be guilty of such 
tivaotK rv to my master for all the kingdoms on the face of the 
oarrii, although you are to me more beautiful than the sun!* 

At length they arrived at the king's capital city, and his 
majo>:y. hearing tho Fair with Golden Hair was approaching^ 
went to meet her. and made her the most superb presents in 
the world I Tlio marriage was celebrated with such great 
n.>v,oiui:N;, that folks could talk of nothing else. But the 
Fair with Golden Hair, who secretly loved Avenant^ was 



THE PAIR WITH GOLDEN HAIR. 33 

ever happy when he was out of her sight, and was always 
raising Inm. '' But for Avenant/* she would say to the 
ing, '* I should never have been here. For my sake he has 
one impossibilities. You should feel deeply indebted to 
im. He obtained for me the water of bcntuty. I shall 
lever grow old, and I shall always remain handsome." The 
nvious courtiers who heard the queen express herself thus, 
Btid to the king, '^ You are not jealous, and yet you have 
:ood cause to be so. The queen is so deeply in love with 
Lyenant, that she can neither eat nor drink. She can talk 
f nothing but him, and of the obligations you are under to 
dm. As if any one else it had pleased you to send to her 
rould not have done as much !" " That's quite true," said 
he king, *' now I think of it Let him be put in the tower, 
rith irons on his hands and feet." Avenant was accordingly 
eized, and in return for his jBedthful service to the king, fet- 
ered hand and foot in a dungeon. He was allowed to see 
Lo one but the gaoler, who threw him a morsel of black 
Kread through a hole, and gave him some water in an 
arthen pan. His little dog Cabriolle, however, did not 
lesert him; but came daily to console him and tell him 
til the news. When the Fair with Golden Hair heard of 
tenant's disgrace, she flimg herself at the king's feet, and, 
>athed in tears, implored him to release Avenant from prison. 
But the more ^ entreated, the more angry the king became, 
br he thought to himself, ''It is because ^e loves him;" so 
le refused to stir in the matter. The queen ceased to urge 
lim, and feU into a deep melancholy. 

The king took it into his head, that perhaps she did not 
;hink him handsome enough. He longed to wash his &kce 
with the water of beauty, in hopes that the queen would 
^hen feel more affection for him. The phial full of this 
i?ater stood on the chimney-piece in the queen's chamber: 
die had placed it there for the pleasure of looking at it more 
5requently: but one of her chamber-maids, trying to kill 
I spider with a j3room, unfortunately threw down the phial, 
srhich broke in the fall, and all the water was lost. She 
swept the fragments of glass away quickly ; and not knowing 
^hat to do, it suddenly occurred to her, that she had seen in 
the king's cabinet a phial precisely similar, full of water, as 
clear as the water of beauty; so, without a word to any o\i<&^ 

D 



34 THE A1B WITH GOLDEN HAIR. 

sho luhvitly iiiaii:ipHl to gvt possession of it, and placed it on 
tho iiiu'ou's ohiniiu'y-|noco. 

'V\w yMxwr whu'h w:is in the king's cabinet was used for 
tho oxtvuiion ^^t' j'viuivs and snvat noblemen who were con- 
ilomiu\l to die t'lT any i-riiiio. Instead of beheading or 
liaii::iiiir ihoni. thoir t\uvs won* rubl^ with this water, which 
h.ul tho fatal prv^ivity ot thivwius* them into a deep sleep, 
fr\n\ whioh thoy novor a^akoiiod. So it happened one 
ovoniui: that tho kiiij: ivHk ilv^^u iho phial which he uicied 
i\niaiUiHi tho wator ot* Ivaiity. atid rubbing the contents 
woll over hi:* t'aiv, ho toll into a pi\>t"ouud slumber and ei- 
pinsl. Tho litilo lU^iT. I'abnoHo, w;is the first to hear the 
nows ot* tho kiuj:*s doatiu aiul ran with it to Avenant, who 
IviT^oil him to j;v a:ul tiud tlio Fair with Golden Hair, and 
rx'uiinvl hor of tho povu* prisouor. 

1 abri\^llo slippovl viniotly thrv^iich tho crowd, for there was 
j*rt*at ooulusivui at ovurt, m ivust'v'^uoUkV of the king^s death, 
uud sjiivl xo ihoiiiuvu. * NLulaiu. do i;.t toreot poor Avenant" 
Sho inin\i\liatoly ivoallovl to hor nr.iui all that he had sufifered 
\ii hor ai'OvHiut. aiul h'.s oxtrxMuo tUio/.ry. She left the palace 
wKlumt spoakiMiT tv^ any oiu\ av.d \\\'-.;: dirvOtly to the tower, 
whoiv with hor v^wu h.iiuis sho took ::;o irons off the hands 
and loot of Avonawt. and putt-nj: a orow:; of gold upon lus 
hoad, and a royal nianilo v^vor l;*.s sl'.ov/.dc:^. she s;ud, "Come, 
oharniini; A>onani. I ni.iko yon k-.v.j:. av.d take you for my 
hu>band." Mi" thix^w h;n\soU" a: luv :Vo: :n ;ov and gratitudft 
KvoiNlvdv was dobirJaod to havo i.;:n tVr their master. His 
nupt\als woro tho niv^st splond:d t:\.i: ovor wore seen in the 
World, and iho Kan- w.tii iiv^'.don H,ur iviiiuod long and 
hrtppily \\\{\\ tho hanvUvMno A\ov.an:. 

A Vi;uli\ *.-v\;i n'\,>: i.w'. ;, .-,* 

iM' .uv \\\ oni'S> <l M\\i '.'. lax. :.'. .-. o'.. 

>\ ho owM h.\o ^;^^,^l1\^: . ,v'\" .^.>''. .- 'Vw". 

Ana won tl.o t.n: \\( {,-\ anoiV.f. w.v;. 
I nvli.ikcii in Iuj, ".oxA-.tx 'lo s;,\s' 
lun.vrni \u'tn .t a t:x.-\r% Va!*-. 

'n a:i xtvm a UxM \hcn .ja'A.-*! fivw-V. V-.s :.:t, 
rio>ulr,v rxrJx<sJ Tc :;;{>.'..- ss ,:.'.:.. 



THE BLUE BIED. 



Ongb upon a thne there was a king who ^as exceedingly 
rich both in lands and money. His wife died, and he wa& in- 
consolable. He shut himself up for a week in a little room, 
where he beat his head against the walls in the extremity of 
his affliction. Fearing he would kill himself, they put some 
mattraases between the tapestry and the wall, so that knock 
himself about as much as he pleased he could not do himself 
any mischiet All his subjects agreed amongst themselves, 
that they would go to him and exert their utmost eloquence 
to moderate his grief. Some prepared grave and serious 
orations; others, agreeable, and even lively addresses; but 
none made the least impression upon his mind, for he scarcely 
heard a word they said to him. At last a female presented 
herself before him, so muffled up in black crape, veils, mantles 
and other long mourning garments, and who wept and sobbed 
K> much and so loudly, tl^t he was perfectly astonished. She 
fcold him, she would not attempt, as others had done, to 
mitigate his sorrow; she came to augment it, as nothing 
oould be more just than to lament the loss of a good wife ; 
that for her own part, having lost the best of husbands, she 
liad made up her mind to weep as long as she had eyes in 
lier head; and thereupon she redoubled her groans, and the 
king, following her example, began to howl outright. He 
'eceived this visitor with more attention than the others. 
Be talked to her of the excellent qualities of his dear departed, 
md she recapitulated all those of her beloved defunct They 
alked so much of their sorrow, that at last they were puzzled 
x> know what more to say about it. When the cunning 

d2 



.^r Till iirt bie:^. 



V 



*2^ 



. ^.v III. wr;.-- wu, ^^.vexLa-asred, she mised he 
,.,.. , :: Ar^ ....^.. ^..^ ..-EC black lasheg in the mag 

?al ..f attention. B7degwa 
i at kst be ceased"to^ 

. .-^-'^^ ^^^^e should n^ 
...::^j. :.:. .-..rona. Tie king ixn^^ 

. .-. nu.-::.- :-T. a::a the sables were changed 

- '^  -'. ^"/ ^'ft*^ only requi^to 
.. ^-: ...... :.-:. ;f persons, to enable you to 

;.-. .- srz^^ct. aaj aojuK as you please with 

^ ^ - r^aiazAtl^hisfimwife,wiio 

^.  ^-: .:. .Q3cr of the world. She wm 

" V ^.->* S.V was so sweet, young, and beau- 

:i *^- .n sJeniid attire, she prefemd 

NPc> Ti^-n-. listened with a few jewels^ 

-^: f.wcrs. which produced an 

> : -^ ^.::i her beautiful hair. She 

. w..^ Tis re-married. 

  .: . rzi daughter, who had been 

. .- -f IrajTSoussio, but she was 

-.> . - -.. .- .viisequence. Souasio had 

_ ^ . .; .v: . : her. but had laboured in 

. .1- .- . j^ notwithstanding. Her 

-v.- S:::^ covered with reddiah 

.X ^ it.j:.- Her black hair was 

-, ^.uli renture to touch it, 

 siin. The queen, her 

. , .. X.-- . :' :: .-thing but the oharm- 

. .\tKd so many advantages 

^"^^ >^iM -^^^r. and she sought, hj 

. - . V :x\ T princess in the eyes 

..^v. ;li: the queen and Trui- 

H..tA: iL'iA'hievous trick. The 

*^ sensible, only endeavoured 



%*, : . :* their malice. 



THE BLUE BIRD. 87 

The king observed one day to the queen, that Florine and 
Tmitonne were of an age to be married, and that they should 
bestow the hand of one of them on the first prince who 
mited their court. ''I wish/' said the queen, ''that my 
daughter should be married first; she is older than yours, and 
18 she is a thousand times more amiable, there can be no 
beeitation about the matter." The king, who disliked argu- 
DCient, answered that he was quite willing it should be so^ and 
diat he left her to take any measures she pleased. 

A short time after this, it was annoimced that a visit from 
King Charmant might be expected. Never was any prince 
DQLore celebrated for gallantry and magnificence. In mind and 
person he was charming as Ms name implied. When the queen 
heard this news, she employed all the embroiderers, all the 
tailors, all the work-people of every kind, to make dresses for 
Truitonne, and requested the king to give nothing new to 
Florine. She then bribed the waiting women to steal all the 
princess's clothes, head dresses, and jewels, the very day King 
Charmant arrived, so that when Florine went to dress she 
could not find even a ribbon. She knew well enough who 
had done her this good turn. She sent to purchase materials 
for a new dress ; but all the tradesmen returned for answer, 
that they had been forbidden by the queen to fiimish her 
with anything. She was left, therefore, with only the gown 
she had on her back, and which was very much soiled, and 
she was so ashamed of her appearance that, when King 
Charmant arrived, she hid herself in a comer of the hall. 

The queen received her royal visitor with great pomp, and 
presented her daughter to him, a complete blaze of magnifi- 
cence, which only made her look more ugly than usual. King 
Charmant turned his eyes from her as soon as possible. The 
queen endeavoured to persuade herself that he was too much 
struck with her, and was afraid of committing himself In 
this belief, she continually placed Truitonne before him. He 
inquired if there was not another princess named Florine. 
" Yes," said Truitonne, pointing to her with her finger ; " there 
she is, hiding herself, because she is not finely dressed." Flo- 
rine blushed, and looked so beautiful, so exceedingly beautiful 
in her confusion, that King Charmant was perfectly dazzled. 
He rose immediately and bowed profoundly to the princess. 
" Madam," said he, " your incomparable beauty render 



IHI TBS BLUX BIBB* 

ih forefgn aid of ornament quite nnnnnrnMnj,* ''Sk? 
replied the, ** I own I am little aocustomed to -wear 9o m^ 
gneeful a drew as this, and I should have been betterpkiMC 
to hare escaped jour notice.** " It would hare beea imfirt! 
tible,** exclaimed Charmant, ''for a princess so mm mlliii^ 
beautiful to be anywhere without attracting all eyw fixitt ttl 
contemplation of any other object." '' Ah," saia the qiM% 
greatly irritated, '* it is pretty pastime to hear yoiu pay Ami 
compliments 1 Believe me, Sir, Florine is already Tain enon^ 
she stands in no need of such excessiye flatiety.'* Kny 
Charmant quickly perceived the queen's mottvee fcr thai 
speaking, but as he was not at all accustomed to o ona ti min luf 
inclinations, he continued openly to manifest his admiiMlMa' 
ct Florine, and conversed with her for three whole hbnnk 

The queen in despair, and Truitonne inconsolable that Ih^ 
princess should be thus preferred to her, complained IMaAj 
to the king, and compelled him to consent that dmiog tlis 
residence of King Oharmant, Florine should be shut up in a 
tower, whore they could not see each other; and, acooidnii^) 
no sooner had she retired to her apartments, than four meil 
in masks seized and carried her to a room at the top of the 
tower, where they left her in the greatest distress^ for diesair 
dearly that she was thus treated in order to prevent her 
securing the affections of her royal admirer, with whom already 
she was much delighted, and would willingly have accepted 
him for her husband. 

As he was not in the least aware of the violence that had 
been used towards the princess, he awaited with the greatest 
impatience the hour when he hoped to meet her again. He 
talked of her to the gentlemen whom the king had plaoed 
about his person to do him honour, but, as they had been 
ordered by the queen, they said all the ill of her they could 
iiuagine:  ^that she was coquettish, inconstant, ill-tempered; 
that she tormented her Mends and her servants ; that it was 
impossible for any one to be more slovenly; and that she was 
BO avaricious, that she would much rather be dressed likd 
a poor shepherdess than spend the money allowed her by thif 
king her father in the purchase of rich apparel befitting her 
^ During all these details Charmant was suffering tor* 
tar^ niild scarcely restrain his anger. " No," he argued 

' it is impossible that Heaven would permit sd 



THE BLUE BIED. 89 

ihless a soul to inhabit the master-piece of Nature. I 
it she was badly dressed when I first saw her, but the 
le she evinced proves that she was not accustomed, to be so. 
it ! Can she be ill-tempered and coquettish, with such an 
lanting air of mildness and modesty 1 It is not reconcilable 
. common sense ! I can much more easily imagine that 
queen has caused her to be so slandered. She is only her 
oaother, and the Princess Truitonne, her own daughter, 
ch an ugly creature, that it would not be extraordinary 
e were envious of the most perfect of human beings." 
''hilst he thus reasoned with himself the courtiers about 
readily imagined, from his manner, that he was not best 
3ed by their abuse of Florine. One, who was more astute 
L the rest, in order to discover the real sentiments of the 
ce, changed his tone and language, and began to extol 
princess wonderfully. At the first words, Charmant woke 
IS from a deep sleep. He entered eagerly into the con- 
ition. His features all lighted up with joy.  Love! 
3! how hard thou art to hide! Ihou art visible every- 
re !  on a lover's lips, in his eyes, in the tone of his voice, 
hen we truly love, silence, conversation, happiness, or 
ry, are equally demonstrative of the passion which ab- 
3 us. 

be queen, impatient to learn if King Charmant was much 
ten, sent for those whom she had placed in positions to 
ire his confidence, and passed the rest of the night in 
 interrogation. Everything they reported only served to 
rm the opinion she had formed that the king was in love 

Florine. But how shall I describe to you the melan- 
f state of that poor princess? She lay stretched on 
floor in the keep of that terrible tower to which the 
Led ruflfians had carried her. " I should be less to be 
d," said she, " if I had been immured here before I had 

that amiable monarch. The recollection of him I 
ish only serves to increase my distress. I cannot doubt, 
;hat it is to prevent my seeing him again that the queen 
;reated me thus cruelly. Alas, how fatal to my peace has 
the little beauty it has pleased Heaven to bestow on me !" 
then began to weep bitterly, so bitterly that her worst 
ly would have pitied her if a witness of her affliction. 

passed the night. 



Thft qfHMl. who WM ftOSkMi tO vli 

I'V rytry MM<mfio>n il wts hi te jow to gvf 

111 fh< nf wM Anihkm of Ihit ooontej, 
tho Kn(||litii >r INi|>i<l. which ibobkl 
?iif!MtMif hi th<4llu(o (ho dftj thoj w 
t|ii*if tiMi>r^K 'fho hMko of it WM ft 
^\iHi* isi(*nr<Hl, mirroimood bgr wfti 
(tn ,m*. with Iho wonK *0m alone 
.jM-yt^ Mil. h(*wov4r. ftr l^hMiMUii * 
If littH M >i (ti4ri0h> ffiir; each iow 
'v^,' V.'iMi^^Mtl nlHMil Iho Wngth of a finger, 
u>t v Ml,. Iv^t^ wMi a|>iioiMM was oompoae d 
^\* t . . .if lii(*h wii|flMKl a Aill pound. 
\V' M ,* > t liM Ih^m a wiM^it (hora was 
i( i'iiiii.^if. H^ ||i^ n^hl ir it, 

^y ^ . u. . nii.. (vl^.i Ih^ aiKnko a word. In tim 

i|i ^ |.i....iiK.j i. litiii H UhA. tho ka^ea of winak 
II. II. ,, > V >>. l*VHtiUf\aijr illuminated, and the _ 
. . t ., tiK ^,.i I Hiiii jvwvla. lu it the atatotea of tba 
i  1^,.' .Kt . . \*ti|iiil w^viv wrtttou in agaUaot 
, . '  '/ ^ J . I K(ii UiAk Uio priitoMa he had a 

*> i \t>\<^>iK -^mi hmi (i4>ut him this preaoat. At 

 , *. . rKW...,si Kiiii;H>)ir that it came from her he 

  . ,,>.. L.vvl^y |*vu, Florme," cried h^ 

  y ^! ^- <>**' hI ik\\K{ tUittring maik of her eoD- 

v,v.,. f. .^ v|hvHi. ** vvm mistake the name: 




'.I 



I I 



 1  

i I 



" ' %Miuut.* '* Tniitonne ! iaitihe 

K. i... ^.Wu|iour taid the kmg wiih 



ill I 



' '  >'. ' I >xxv( ttutt I oumot aooept ibe 
' "'"" ' " ' ''Hwuthr his own master to 
/ "IVi* ;'. -"^ t'v i-Jv-Hsu* I know the dutksof 

. I,,; ,i .', '*''" \^'^*" *tl- I would. thenA>^ 

^ . - n, I , .,u vUy. vUy^^ ,m^ ,^ proving miself 

'  Vi i*7;*'^**^'-'-^^^t.*M ready to 



^'"'^SSiilS^^Wiit 



I'-'-'nt'^vVi;!,': 









eoBtalMtte 



THE BLUE BIBD. 41 

HliistrioiiB foreigner had declined so especial a fiBiTour. King 
Gharmant yisited the king and queen as often as he was per- 
mitted the opportunity, in hopes of meeting florine in the 
rojal apartments. His eyes were everywhere in search of her. 
The moment he heard any one enter the room he turned 
sharply round towards the door, and seemed always restless 
and unhappy. The malicious queen easily guessed what was 
paiwing in hu mind; hut she appeared to take no notice of it. 
She talked to him only about parties of pleasure; and he 
returned her the most incongruous answers. At last he asked 
her plainly, where was the Princess Florinel ^ Sir," replied 
the queen, haughtily, '^ the king her &ther has forbidden her 
to quit her own apartments until my daughter is married." 
^ And what motiye," inquired King Charmant, " can there be 
for making such a prisoner of that beautiful princess ?" ** 1 
know not^" said the queen, " and if I did, I ^ould not con- 
sider myself bound to inform you." 

Channant felt his anger rising fearfully; he cast an angry 
^anoe upon Truitonne, assuring himself in his own mind Ihat 
little monster was the cause of his being deprived of the plear 
sure of beholding Florine, and abruptly quitted the queen's 
presence, which gave him too much pain. 

On his return to his own apartments, he requested a young 
prince who had accompanied him, and to whom he was much 
attached, to gain over, at any cost, one of the princess's at- 
tendants, in order that he might speak to Florine for one 
moment. The prince soon found some of the ladies of the 
palace, whom he could venture to admit into his confidence, 
and one of them promised him that Florine should that very 
evening be at a little lower window, which looked upon the 
garden, and firom whence she could converse with Charmant pro- 
vided he was exceedingly careful that no one should be aware 
of it; " for," added she, " the king and queen are so severe, 
that they will take my life if they discover I have favoured the 
passion of Charmant" The prince, delighted that he had so 
far succeeded in his mission, promised her anything she could 
desire, and ran to pay his court to his royal master, by 
announcing to him the hour of assignation; but the false 
confidante in the meantime went and told the queen what 
had occurred, and requested to know her commands. She 
immediately decided to place her daughter at the lit^ 



42 THE BLUE BIBD. 

window. She gave her particular instructiooSy and Tnutomie 
attended to thorn all, notwithstanding her natural stupidity. 
I'he ni^ht yma so dark it was impossible for King Gharmant 
to (iiscovor the imposition, even had he been less confidemt^ 
so that when he drew near to the window indescribably truB- 
|orted with joy, he poured forth to Truitonne all the tsnder 
t.hinp< ho would have said to Fiorine, to convince her of hit 
uiVortiou. Truitonne, profiting bj the occasion, told him thit 
nho fi*U. sho was the most unfortunate person in the world, in 
having so cruel a stepmother; and that she should never 
ociiHo to Muflbr all sorts of annoyances till the queen's dandier 
was married. Chamiant assured her, that if flhe would aocepfe 
him for hor husUuid, ho should be enchanted to share witk 
\wr ins iioart and crown ; and thereupon he drew his ring front 
hJN tinpM\ and placing it on one of Truitonne*8, he begged bar 
to HMvivo it a8 a token of eternal fidelity, and added that she 
had only to fix the hour for their flight. Truitonne made the 
Im'h(. auMworn she could to his urgent persuasions. He notioed 
thoy won^ not very sensible, and the circumstance would have 
^ivon III in Fome uneasiness but that he thought it arose from 
tho lorror Kho w'.vs in of l>eing surprised by the queen. He 
loD hov only on i\>ndition that she would meet him again the 
uo\\. ni^ht. at. the Siuue hour, which she promised fiuthfolly 

to do. 

Tlio (|\uvn having heard of the happy guccess of this intflr" 

viow, folt Hatilieii slie sl)ould obtain her ends comi^etely, 

Au.>rilinn:ly, the day Wng fixed for the elopement^ EJng 

( 'harttiaut pro)iai>ed to cany off his beloved in a flying chariot^ 

dmwn by winged frx^ga, a'pieaent which had been made to 

lilm by A friend who wm an enchanter. The night was ez^ 

MMilvely ifaurk. Thiitonne stole out mysteriously by a little 

^^ ^ Vlllftirho WM wuting for her, received her in 

^MMbid vo of everiasting aflfection. But 

MM to ha Mflnig about in his flying dhaziot 

<ita ks name d bis bdoved piinoeBi^ be 

MNlhAwosld piefer their nuptials to be 

4 that she bad a go]^o<her, named 

mj fnUbnUA Faiiy, and she was of 

 al MM tie ber CMtle. Altbougbthe 

^ f tta iioad, be bad only to inentioa 

NrbawUkei togOL Tbeyweropei>. 



; I 



ler how she had entrapped Charmant, and entreated her 
cify him. "Ah! my child,'* said the Fairy; **the task 
DLot be an easy one : he is too fond of Florine : I feel 
in he will give us a great deal of trouble." In the mean- 

the king was awaiting them in a saloon, the walls of 
1 were of diamonds so pure and transparent that through ; 

he could see Soussio and Truitonne in conversation to- . .| 

jr. He thought he must be dreaming. " How," said he, 
e I been betrayed 1 'Have some demons brought hither 
jnemy of our peace ? Comes she to disturb our nuptials? 
lear Florine does not appear ! Her father has perhaps 
led her !*' He began to be the prey of a thousand dis- 
ing conjectures. But matters looked still worse, when 
ing the saloon, Soussio, addressing him in an authoritative 
said, " King Charmant, here is the Princess Truitonne, to 
Q you have plighted your troth ; she is my god-daughter, 
I desire you will marry her immediately." ** I ! " ex- 
led he,  " I marry that little monster ! You must think 

vastly tractable person to make such a proposition to 

I have made no promise to her whatever, and if she 

told you otherwise, she has ^*' " Hold," interrupted 

iio, '' and be not rash enough to fail in respect towards 
' " I agree," replied the king, " to respect you as much 
Fairy can be respected, provided you restore to me my 
jeBB.** "Am not I your princess, faithless one?" said 
ionne, showing him- his ring. " To whom didst thou give 
ring as a pledge of thy truth ? With whom didst thou 
srae at the little window if not with me ? " " How then I " 
led, "have I been deceived and imposed upon?" "But 
,0, 1 will not be your dupe ! What ho I What ho! my 
\\ my frogs 1 I would away instantly!" "Oho, it is 
in your power without my consent," exclaimed Soussio. 
touched him, and his feet were fastened to the floor as if 

had been nailed to it. " You may stone me to deaf 



il TEE VUCE ZJID. 

jou aaaj &t me aJire," cried tbe kin^ "bat I viD manyno 
<ie iyut Fk3Dfc. I un retfAr&L Yoa nmj tiierefae euran 
7'rjj j//vr up*:/** ifie w jou plekse I"" Snaao oied in tan 
jQu^JiiuHH, mezaoes, promisei^ pojeEs. Tniitoaiie vept, 
kuvtJU^ gir4i&iL gUAiDcd, and hewme cnlm 9ffdn. The 
kij:^^ uU^^red DfA njifAher word, looking on tbem both vidi in 
4Jr <>f Um; greatest indignetion; he made not the aH^bMt 
Mbx-wtfT Uj utjtiung tbej esdd to him. 

TwtfiAj dajB and tventj nightB paand vithoot tiidr oeanng 
t/j uJk ; witboat eating, sleeping: or sittii^ down. At lengtii 
S'yuiwio, quite; tired and out of patience^ said to the kin^ 
" \Vi;lJ, miice joa are so obetioate that jon vill not listen to 
r'^>ntu, cLooi^ at onoe whether jou will many my gpd- 
*btni^iUir, or do penance for seven years as a punishment fer 
hrhiikiui^ your word." The king, who np to this time had 
)iM>iih \ft:rif:fX\y ifilcnit^ saddenly exclaimed, *^ Do what yon will 
witlj ui^f provided I am freed from this wietch." ** Ton are 
a wn^h younfeif,** said Tmitonne, in a passion. ^ A pet^ 
kin^ like you, with your marsh-bred posters, to come into my 
(UfMuiry to break your word to me and insult me ! Had yoa 
a gr^/at's worth of honour in you, could yon bdiaTe in this 
ifuxnfu:r1** ** What affecting reproaches!" said the Idn^ in an 
Irhnicjil Ume; ^'l^hold what a mistake it is not to take so 
\()V*'Ay a {x^rK^jn for one's wife !" *^ No, no, she shall not be 
yoiir wife," sr;reamcd Soussio, passionately; "you may fly oat 
of ttiiil window if you like, for you shall be a Bine Bi^ tar 
ihti next seven years !" At the same moment the Idn^s 
\pf!nv)n undergoes a total change ; his arms are covered with 
f'c'atijera and form wings ; his legs and feet become black and 
diminutive, and furnished with crooked talons; his body 
sliririkH,  it is all garnished with long fine thin feathers of 
<X3J()Ktial blue ; his eyes become rounder, and bright as two 
Htars ; his nose is but an ivory beak; a white crest rises on 
his liead in the form of a crown; ho sings and talks to per- 
fi5(!ti(in. In this state, uttering a cty of anguish at beholding 
liirnH43lf HO metamorphosed, he flies from the &tal palace <^ 
Ueumio oh fast us his wings can carry him. 

Ovorwholmod with grief, he roams fi:om branch to brandi, 

sulecting only the trees consecrated to love or sorrow. Now 

unon myrtles, now upon cypresses, he sings the most plaintive 

tich he deplores his sad &,te and that of Florine. 



THE BLUE BIfiD. 45 

*' Where haye her enemies hidden her ?" said he. " What has 
become of that beautiful victim ) Has the queen's barbarity 
permitted her still to breathe ? Where shall I seek her f 
Am I condemned to pass seven years without her ) Perhaps 
during that period they will compel her to marry, and I shall 
lose for ever the hope on which alone I live.'' These various 
reflections afflicted the Blue Bird to such a degree that he 
would have welcomed death. 

On the other hand, the Fairy Soussio sent Truitonne back 
to the queen, who was anxiously waiting to know how the 
nuptials had gone off. When she saw her daughter, and 
heard from her lips all that had happened, she put herself in 
a terrible passion, which recoiled upon the poor Florine. 
^She shall repent more than once," said the queen, ''her 
fiiscination of Charmant!" She ascended the tower, with 
Truitonne, whom she had dressed in her richest clothes, with 
a crown of diamonds on her head, a royal mantle, the train 
of which was borne by three daughters of the richest barons 
in the realm, and on her thumb King Charmant's ring, which 
Elorine had noticed the day they conversed together. Florine 
was greatly surprised to see Truitonne in such pompous 
appareL '* My daughter has come to bring you a wedding 
present," said the queen. ^ King Charmant has espoused her; 
he loves her to distraction; never has there been such a 
happy couple." Thereupon they displayed to the princess 
heaps of gold and silver tissues, jewels, lace, and ribbons, con- 
tained in large baskets of gold filigree work. In presenting 
these objects, Truitonne took care Florine should see King 
Charmant's brilliant ring, so that not being able to doubt her 
misfortune, she told them, with an air of desperation, to take 
from her sight such &tal gifts, that she would wear nothing 
but black, and, indeed, that she should soon be dead. So 
saying, she fronted, and the cruel queen, delighted to have 
succeeded so well, would not permit any one to assist her; 
but left her alone in the most wretched state imaginable, and 
went and maliciously reported to the king that his daughter 
was so madly in love, that nothing could equal the extrava- 
gancies she committed, and that great care shoidd be taken 
to prevent her quitting the tower. J'he king told her to 
manage ^e matter exactly as she pleased, and that he should 
be perfectly satisfied. 



46 THE BLUE BIRD. 

When the princess recovered from her swoon, and began to 
reflect on the conduct they had pursued towards her^, on the 
ill-treatment of her wicked stepmother, and the utter extino- 
tion of her hope one day to become the wife of King 
Charmant, her anguish became so keen that she wept the 
whole night long. In this wretched condition she sat at an 
open window uttering the most tender and touching lamentft- 
tions. When day began to break she shut the window, but 
continued to weep. The following night she again opened 
the window, sobbing and sighing profoundly, and shedding a 
torrent of tears. Morning dawned, and she hid herself in the 
recesses of her chamber. In the meanwhile King Charmant, or, 
to speak more correctly, the beautiful Blue Bird, never ceased 
flying round the palace. He believed his dear princess was 
confined in it, and if her lamentations were distressing, hia 
were no less so. He approaohed the windows as near as he 
could in order to look into the apartments; but the dread of 
being perceived and recognised by Truitonne prevented his 
doing exactly as he wished. " It would cost me my life," 
said he to himself " Should these wicked princesses discover 
where I am they would be revenged upon me ; I must keep 
aloof, or be exposed to the utmost peril." For these reasons 
he took the greatest precautions, and rarely sang except 
during the night. There happened to be an excessively lo&y 
cypress immediately in front of the window at which Florine 
usually sat. The Blue Bird perched upon it, and had scarcely 
done so when he heard some one complaining. " How mudi 
longer shall I suffer?" said the mourner; "will not death 
kindly come to my aid ? Those who fear him see him too 
soon  I long for his coming, and he cruelly flies me.  Oh, 
barbarous queen ! what have I done to thee that thou shouldst 
detain me in this horrible captivity? Hast thou not ways 
enough to torment me? Thou hast only to make me witness 
of the happiness tby unworthy daughter enjoys in the society 
of King Charmantl" The Blue Bird had not lost one 
syllable of this complaint. He was so surprised that he 
awaited daylight with the greatest impatience in order to 
behold the aficted lady, but before the morning dawned she 
had closed her window and retired. The Bird, whose curiosity 
"> Vened, &iled not to return the following night. It 
it, and he saw a girl at a window of the tower. 



THE BLUE BIRD. 47 

who ooxmnenoed her kmeniatioiis. ''0 Fortune!'* she ex- 
daimed; '^thou who fbitteredBt me with the prospect of 
reigning; thou who hadat restored to me a iather^s love; 
what have I done to deserve being plunged thus suddenly 
into the bitterest grief) Is it at so early an age as mine that 
mortals b^in to experience thy inconstancy? Return, thou 
cruel one; return, if possible ! The only &Tour I implore of 
thee is to end my unhappy site!" The Blue Bird listened 
attentively, and the more he did so, the more convinced he 
became Ihat it was his amiable princess who was thus 
bewailing. ''Adorable Florine," he cried, "wonder of our 
days, why do you desire so speedily to terminate your own? 
Your misfortunes are not without remedy!" "Ah! who 
speaks to me," cried she, " in such consoling language?" " An 
unfortunate king," replied the Bird, "who loves you, and wDl 
never love any other than you." " A king who loves me !" re- 
jdmed Florine ; " is this a snare set for me by my enemy ? 
But after all, what would she gain by it? If she seeks to 
discover my sentiments, I am ready to own them to ber 
frankly!" "No, my Princess," replied the Bird; "the lover 
who addresses you is incapable of betraying you,"  and as he 
uttered these words he flew to the window. Florine was at 
first much alarmed at the appearance of so extraordinary a 
bird, who spoke with as much sense as if he had been a man, 
and yet in the small sweet voice of a nightingale. The 
beauly of his plumage, however, and the words he uttered, 
soon reassured her. '^ Am I then permitted once more to 
behold you, my Princess!" he exclaimed. "Can I taste of 
such perfect happiness and not die with joy! But, alas! 
how much is that happiness troubled by your captivity, and 
the condition to which the wicked Soussio has reduced me 
for seven years!" '*And who are you, charming Bird," in- 
quired the Princess, caressing him. " You have pronoimced 
my name,** said the king, " and you pretend you do not know 
me?" ^How! the greatest monarch in the world. King 
Charmant!" cried the Princess; "can the little bird I hold 
in my hand be he?" " Alas, beautiful Florine, it is but too 
true!'' replied the Bird; "and if anything can console me, it is 
the feeling that I preferred this pain to that of renouncing 
my love for you." " For me !" said Florine ; " ah, do not 
attempt to deceive me. I know, I know tbat you have 



4 THE BLCE Bnn. 

iiurrie<i TrtiiUAxie. 1 retoopuwd toot rii^ nptm ha 
1 Mw Lcr lilmuxi^' vitii tbe diunoDdi Toa had ghrao to kSi 
She csiuje U* itu^uh me iu mj lad prisoOt wetting tlie V 
crtfwii liud n'yjftl mimtle she haA reoeiTed from yonrlHa^ 
while 1 ii Uden with chiins and fetter*.* ** Yoa littVD MM 
Trujtouue bu kmaycki t " iniemiptad the king. " She and h 
ijiotiier hare dAred xo it'll Ton tboae jewek oune from WB%^ 
U HcaTcul ih it ^kiasible that 1 hear mch awfrl fahwhnniH 
aui that I cauDot instantly arenge myadf on the ntftsMil 
Kumw, thbt they tritd to dMeire me, thai by a faeae um v 
yciur nftme thev succeeded in fauifdng me to cany off the i^ 
Ti'uitoiiue; but tlie instant I diaooTered mjerror lendettfonnd 
to fly frLim ht- r, and erentually pi^eferred being a Bine Bod 
for beveu long yeurs to failing in the troth I had plji^twi to 
you.'* 

Fl urine felt such lively pleasure in listening to the CfTplana* 
tion of her amiuble lover, that she no longer remembend titf 
luitiery of her prison. What did she not my to him to eon- 
Hole him under his sad circumstances, and to asBiire him ilittt 
hlie would do no less for him than he had done for her! Bi^ 
dawne<l. and the majority of the officers of the royal house- 
hold )infi risen before the Blue Bird and the prinoem bad 
t:tfdiifi<\ (x^n versing. It cost them a thousand pangs to part, 
af't^^r afrrec'ing that they would meet every night in the same 

TU*iir dc'lijflit at having found each other was so great that 
iUtin: .iris no t<;rm8 in which it can be expressed. Each, on 
l}ix;jr own jjart, offered up their thanks to Love and Fofrtnne; 
bijt Floriri<;'8 liappiness was alloyed by her anxiety inspecting 
iU HUii: Hird. "Who wiU preserve him from the mxwto- 
liiirn, Hho, anked, ** or from the sharp talons of some ea^e or 
Uuui^y vulture, who wiU eat him with as much reUahHTif he 
^ not a gwat king? Heaven! what would become of 
WMf j..fe of his light and delicate feathers, home on the 
TbklJl^ ""'"I^T' ^o^^oed to me the dreaded disasterl" 
wbi^ Jf^^^^t^l. the poor princess closing her eyes, for 

jKJXTi teSKSli'i^ ^.' what o J^onld 
Tba charming Bird, hi<ldeu in a hoUow tree, had been aU 



THE BLUE BIBJ). 49 

day occnpied by the thought of his beautiful princess. ''How 
happy I am," said he, ''to have found her!  How &scinating 
she is !  How deeply I appreciate the &Your she shows me 1** 
The tender lover oount^ up eveiy moment of the time he 
was condemned to pass in the ahape which prevented his 
marrying her, and never was the termination of a period 
desired more ardently. As he was anxious to pay Florine 
every attention in his power, he flew to the capital city of his 
own kingdom, alighted on his palace, entered his cabinet 
through a broken pane of glass in one of the windows, pounced 
on a pair of diamond ear-rings, so perfect and beautiful that 
none in the world could be compared to them, took them that 
evening to Florine, and be^ed her to wear them. " I would 
do so," she said, "if you visited me by daylight; but as I 
only see you at night, you must excuse me." The Bird pro- 
mised he would conlxive to come to the tower whenever she 
wished; upon which she put the ear-rings in her ears, and 
the ni^t passed in tender conversation as the preceding had 
done. 

The next day the Blue Bird returned to his kingdom, went 
to his palace, entered his cabinet by the broken window, and 
brought away the richest bracelets that had ever been seen. 
Each was made of a single emerald cut facet-wise, and hol- 
lowed in the middle so as to enable the wearer to pass her 
hands and arms through them. " Do you imagine," said the 
Princess to him, " that my affection for you can be measured 
by presents) Ah, how you misjudge me !" " No, Madam," 
lepUed he; "I do not believe that the trifles I ofier you are 
necessary for the preservation of your love : but mine will 
not permit me to neglect the least opportunity of evincing my 
respect for you, and when I am absent these little trinkets 
will recal me to your mind." Florine said a thousand kind 
things to him on the subject, to which he replied by as many 
no less tender. 

The following night the fond Bird brought to his fiedr one 
a moderate sized watch, which was encased in a single pearl, the 
workmanship of which surpassed even the material " It is 
useless to present me with a watch," said the princess, sweetly. 
'* When you are absent the hours seem endless to me, and 
when you are with me they pass like a dream, so that I can- 
not euustly measure them." " Alas, my Princess," exclavoi^ 

E 



50 THZ BLUE BOD. 

the Bine Bird. '* I am exmctlT of toot mind, and am oertain 
xtiKX I fiael the pain of absence and the |4easare of letnn 
even mof deeplv than yon do!" ^ After what joa haTe 
safiered to keep &:th with me." replied the prinoeaB^ '^ I am 
bound to beliere that your aftction and respect cannot be 
carried further. " 

As soon as morning appeared, the Bird flew back to his 
hollow tree, where he ]iTi upci wild firnits. Sometimes hB 
sang the finest airs, to the great delight of all who passed thii 
war. Ther oould see no on& so ther uicied it must be ikt 
Toioe of a ^irit. This c^iinion became so preralent^ that 
at last nobody dared enter the wood. A thousand &bnlo 
adTentures were related of those who had done so, and tbe 
genezal alarm ensored the safety of the Bine Bird. Not a dsf 
passed without his making Florine some present^ either a peazl 
necklace, or the most brilliant and curiously wrought ringi^ 
diamcMid loops, bodkins, and bouquets of jewels in imitation 
of natural flowers, entertaining books, into^estii^ medals, till 
at last she poasessed a heap of marvellous valuables. She 
wore her jewels only by night to please the king, and in the 
day-time, having no other place to put them in, she hid them 
carefully in the straw of her mattress. 

Two yean thus passed away without Florine once com- 
plaining of her captivity. How could she? She had the 
gratification of conversing all night with him she loved. 
Never were there made so many pretty speeches. Though 
the Krd never saw any one, and passed the whole day in 
a hollow tree, they had a thousand new things to tell one 
another. The matter was inexhaustible. Their love and their 
wit furnished them with abundant subjects of conversation. 

In the meanwhile the malicious queen, who detained her 
ao cruelly in ptiscHi. vainly endeavoured to many off Trui- 
tonne. She sent ambassadors with proposals to all the prinoeB 
he knew the names of: but they were bowed out almost as 
ooa as they arrived. "' If your mission was respecting the 
Ainoeaa Floiiney you would be received with joy," was the 
anawcr; "but as for Truitonne, she may remain a vestal 
m^onfc any one objecting.*" 

infuriated both mother and daughter againsi 

It princess whom they persecuted. '' How!  doeB 

vqgant oraatore continue to thwart us notwithstanding 




THE BLUE BIBD. 51 

captivity 1** cried they. " Never can we forgive the inju- 

flhe has done us ! She must have private correspondence 

foreign governments ; she is therefore guilty, at the least, 

high treason. Let us act on this suspicion, and use every 

iUe means to convict her." 
They sat so late in council together on this point, that it 
;t)pms past midnight when they determined to ascend the tower 
M interrogate Florine. She was at the window with the Blue 
mbcdf arrayed in all her jewels, and her beautiful hair dressed 
;%ith a moety not usual in afflicted persons. Her apartment 
and Iier- bed were strewed with flowers, and some Spanish 
taatiUes she had been burning diffused an exquisite perfume. 
The queen listened at the door. She &ncied she heard an 
air song by two persons, (Florine had an almost heavenly 
Toioe,) and the following words appeared to be given with 
great expression :  

"Oh how wretched is our lot, 
And what pangs endure we not, 

LoTing thus 'thus forced to sever ! 
But, though deep indeed our woes. 
In despite of cruel foes. 
Our fond hearts are Joln'd for ever." 

A few deep sighs were heard at the termination of this little 
concert. 

"Ah, my Truitonne ! we are betrayed," exclaimed the 
queen, suddenly opening the door and rushing into the room. 
Fancy the alarm of Florine at this sight! She promptly 
pushed open the casement, in order to give the Royal Bird 
an opportunity to fly off unperceived. She was much more 
anxious about his preservation than her own ; but he felt he 
had not the power to fly. His piercing eyes had discovered 
the peril to which the princess was exposed. He had caught 
sight of the queen and Truitonne. How great his misery to 
know he was not in a state to defend her ! They approached 
her like furies bent on devouring her. "Your intrigues 
against the state are detected,'* cried the queen. "Do not 
imagine your rank can save you from the punishment you 
deserve." "Intrigues with whom, Madam]" inquired the 
princess. " Have you not been my jailor these two years 1 
Have I seen any'otier persons than those you have sent to 
me?" Whilst she spoke, the queen and her daughter 

e2 



ryl THE BLU BIRD. I 

tiiiut\u*'\ her with unparalleled surprise. Her admirable 
h'-fiiity, and the extraordinary splendour of her attire, com- 
plf'tfly (lii/zlcd them. "And whence have you obtained, 
Miidiini/' wiid the queen, *' these jewels that outshine the 
Nuii( Would you have us beliere there are mines in this 
luwiTr* " I liiivo found them,** answered Florine; ''that is all! 
I know III tout it/* The queen fixed her eyes upon Florine^ 
n il h II pnirtititiii^ look, endeavouring to see what was passiog 
in ll" v*-y ^^t) nf her heart. "We are not your dupeS)' 
hi* rii\>il , " vou think you can deceive us: but, Princess, ire 
,H> II VI .no K'i what you do from morning till night. Theae > 
ii>nrl I liaxo Uh'ii ^iveu to you with the sole object of inducing ||^ 
\fti ( t 11 vour fatlKTH kingdom.** ** I am in a good position 
i.t tl(li\ri it up/* replied Floriue, with a disdainful smile; 
' i\\\ iiiiloituiiiito {iriueess, who lias so long languished in ca^p- 
\\\\\\, t'lii in* of pvat Hcr\'ice, certainly, in a conspiracy of I ' 
.,Hi It li iiidiMv/* *'Aud for whom, then," added the queen,!;, 

iti> \>'nr (rrHtH'H ko coqucttishly dressed) Tour apartment 
(4 iftliilnit of iHTfumoH, and your attire so magnificent, that 
, Ml  ul'l not lu' p-juulor were you going to Court** "I have 
,.|,.nJ\ .'I \iu\o in my h;ind/' Siiid the princess; "it is not 
, ,i,.'iiltt>;H V I sluMilil strive to while away a few momenta of ' 
j, ,n ilt.i iMiii's of n\y tiulot. I pass so many in weeping oyer v 
,^ nu l.'ilMMi's. tlut tho iniioa?iit occupation of the others "^ 
, ho.mI ..ni.'lv Iv a subjoot of n^pnxich/' "Aye, aye, indeed! ';* 
\. I o- 'K.'." i:u.i tho t\uoon, " if this innocent person is not in -f^ 
,..,i\ \\\\\\ tn onomios." She lKiran to hunt everywhere, .;. 
, I . Mon.'. <. \\w nu\itvo?^'5 she emptied it, and found such ;- 
.i,. ,n.n..i\i' ,pi!n\tMy of ,i;amoiuls i^^u-ls, rubies, emeralds, : 
!.il i.)' '. <'<< ^ho ro-./.ii not iin:uriue where they all came 1'^ 
,, ,,, !' hM tn<ou/.,\i to h;lo in some place documents, ^ 
|,,.. .1. ..M.i\ ot xxl\i, h^xov/,a ;;wul^\Uo the princess. So when 
,' ,h.,n. In n. 'Issh Mxx 1.. V. s':\o Axas alKHit to thrust them 
,.,, ,u.. rUiuxn.x. V\\\ l\ :v^^'^- -'^'^ ^^^*-* ^^^0 Bird vas 
N. . ujs^u r. xxlxo h ^,1 ' OX , s ns shar]> as a lynx, and who 
I ',, I . , . . , ,inM, Ts XX rv V ".ov r.o :" ho cried ; "thy enemy 

.,,,, M. .-^^.- nNM^o-o, :\c',;v,st Theo." This voice, so 

' .,.. ^\^,^^^.u^^ \\w o.o, v. so luuoh, that sho dared 

,,,,,. ,K. ,..,'.  Vi:0.vv.;" s:v..i tho princess, "yott 

\^. ^..,,, ,v. ,'./ r: :x:v .v.x irioilds.'' "I belicve,* 

h. ,^M, ,M n; > -ovNAXNVo. o;' n\^\ "that you are 



^ 



THE BLUE BIBDi 53 

leagued with demons; bnt^ in spite of tbem, yonr father will 
do himself justice." "Would to heaven," cried Florine, " I 
had only to fear the fury of my &ther ! but yours, Madam, 
is mucb more terrible." 

The queen left her^ greatly disturbed by all she had seen 
and heard. She consulted with her friends, as to what should 
be done to the princess. They observed, that, if she were 
protected by some fairy or enchanter, any frirther persecution 
of her would only irritate her powerful friend, and that it 
would be better, first, to endeavour to discover the mystery. 
The queen approved of this idea. She sent a young girl, who 
affected extreme simplicity, to sleep in Florine's apartment, 
under the pretence that she was placed there to wait upon 
her. But it was not likely Florine would Mi into so evident 
a tnC^. The princess looked on her, of course, as a spy, and 
it was impossible for her to feel more poignant affliction. 
'' What, then ! shall I never be able to converse again with 
the Bird that is so dear to me !" said she. " He assisted me 
to support my misfortunes. I consoled him under his. Our 
affection was everything to us ! What will become of him 1 
What will become of me." Thinking of all these things, she 
shed rivers of tears. She tio longer dared go to the little 
window, though she heard the Bird fluttering around it. She 
was dying to open it; but she feared exposing the life of her 
dear lover. She passed a whole month, without appearing at 
the casement The Blue Bird was in despair. What com- 
plaints did he not utter 1 How could he live without seeing 
his princess 1 He had never so keenly felt the pangs of 
absence and the misery of his metamorphosis. Vainly did he 
endeavour to seek out a remedy for either. After racking 
his brains, he could find no consolation anywhere, or in 
anything. 

The spy, who had watched day and night for a whole 
month, felt quite overpowered with drowsiness, and at last 
sunk into a sound slumber. Florine observed it. She opened 
her little window and said  

"Bird as bine as cloudless sky, 
Hither, hither quickly flyl" 

We give her own words, without the slightest alteration. 
The Bird heard them so distinctly that he was at the window 
in an instant. What delight once more to behold each other I 



84 

^^t a qmlity of thii^ tiMj Ind to mj to di tet 
Thoy mewed Iheir wmu of ]of aad fidefito a i 

* tlMNMod timet. The prinees beiw imaUe to 

toiii^ her lover WM much afledad. and did kk bMt to _ 
tw. At hit the hour of pivtii nmd, vitlioat tiw 
amkiQg. aad thej bade eadi ddmt hnwOL in thai 
tottchii^ auuuier. 

The next day the i|ij ^gain ftD aaleep. The MiaoiM i hd 
IK^ tinie in placnig heiidf at the vindoir, and oaDpg  



BM M Ma* M dnilM Ay, 



YW l^ia iwwMdnte^airifed, and the ni^ paflaed^Kln.lhl 
Miv^y4i ^Wk vithont none or ^mongj, at whioh the hmi 
UmvhM^ikiI TVeyiitaaradtfienMdiaa that the qpjiml 
v^^ ww^*^ t> < <Mg a w in ahsepii^ that dwvonld do aa mmj 
^\^%s AW.i in fiMt. tha tUid peaiid aa ixrtQilatety: hiitci 
% W v"w I^^Ksviv^ the dkcfr, hmg dirtorfaed bj aome noii^ 
^v*^^sl ^"ih^Ht aj^f^MUtw to be avak^ and peeping aa wA 
4, A A^w .\ '.>i iw. br the Ucbt of the moon, the moat beanti''' 
\h( ( '^>^ n\ fh^ Kvrid. vho tftlbed to the princesB^ earened 
I^^^H \\^K J* *^w* an^i pecked her gmUy with his hOL Sh 
^^\vl^^(^)^l )>Mrt of their oaDTerauNn and was eToeedingty 
fk\\\ \^\ y^nsl ; tv^ the Bird spoke like a kyfer, and the beanti 
Ki,Mno nnawored him moat tenderlr. Dej broke. Tbej 
\\\\\U^ \^w\v othor adiea; and, as if thcj had a preaentiznent i 
\\\\\\\' ooinin^ misfortune, they parted with extreme aofzov. 
Tlio )riuot^N threw herself on her bed, bathed in tean^ and 
()io khi>f ivtunied to his hollow tree. The spy ran to the 
i)UiHtn, uikI toKl her all she had seen' and heard. The queoi 
HiMil Cor 'rruitonno and her confidants. They talked the 
htiitUir (I vol* fttr a long time, and arrived at the oondnsion 
Mmt (lio lUuo Uirtl was King Charmant. ''What an affixxiti" 
 "! Uio (|umiii, " What an aflfront^ my Truitonne I T^ 
iMniiliuit. jii'lntHiNN, whom I ^cied was so wretched, waa 
miUtWy (injn^lii^ tho luost agreeable oonyersation with that 

Ii'iS'*!!"*^! l''''"l <>i^. I wUl have such a terrible revenge 

lll^Jj: ***n \m tho talk of .the whole world!'' Truitonne 

Zur[:!. ''. **"^ ^* ^'W a moment, and as she considered her^ 

*'*' iMUrwiMt ill the matter than the queen, she 



THE BLUE BIBD. 55 

itedy to die with joy at the thought of all that would be 
I done to destroy the happiness of the lover and his mistress. 
I The queen sent the spy back to the tower, ordering her 
i not to eyince any suspicion or curiosity, but to appear more 
:* sleepy than ever. She went to bed early, and snored as 
I loudly as she could. The poor deceived princess, opening the 

little window, called  

i *'Bird as bine as cloudless tkj. 

Hither, hither quickly fly! " 

but in vain she called him the whole night long. He came 
not j for the wicked queen had caused swords, knives, razors, 
and daggers to be attached to the cypress-tree, so that when 
he flew rapidly into it, these murderous weapons cut off his 
&et ; and he fell upon others which lacerated his wings, and 
wounded him so, that with great difficulty he reached his own 
tree, leaving behind him a long track of blood. Why were 
you .not there, lovely Princess, to comfort that Boyal Bird 1 
And yet it would have been the death of her to have seen 
him in so deplorable a condition. He took no care to save 
his life, persuaded that it was Florine who had been guilty of 
this cruel treachery. '* barbarous Princess l** he exclaimed, 
moamfdUy, ''is it thus thou repayest the most pure and 
tender passion that ever was or will be 1 If thou woiildst that 
I should die, wherefore didst thou not thyself perform the 
deed 1 Death had been sweet from thy hand. I sought thee 
with so much love and confidence  I suffered for thee, and 
suffered without complaining; and thou hast sacrificed me to 
the most cruel of women, our common enemy ! Thou hast 
made thy peace with her at the price of my life ! It is thou, 
Florine,  thou, who hast stabbed me ! Thou hast borrowed 
the hand of Truitonne, and guided it to my bosom !" This 
&tal idea overwhelmed him, and he resolved to die. 

But his friend the Enchanter, who had seen the flying 
frogs return with the car, but without the king, was so 
troubled to think what had become of him, that he went 
eight times round the world in search of him. He was on a 
ninth journey for the same purpose, when, in passing through 
the wood in which the poor king was lying, he, according to 
his usual custom, blew a long blast on his horn, and then 
cried five times, in a loud voice, " King Charmant !  King 
Charmant ! where art thou ]" The king recognised the voice 



d6 THE BLUE BIRD. 

of his best friend. " Approadh," he cried, " this tree, tod 
behold the wretched king you love, bathed in his blood T 
The Enchanter, much surprised, looked about him eveify- 
where, without seeing any one. " I am a Blue Bird/' ex- 
claimed the king, in a feeble and plaintive voice. At these 
words the Enchimter found him, without more trouble, in his 
little nest. Another person might have been more astonished, 
but he was versed in every portion of the necromantic art 
It cost him but a few words to stanch the blood which was 
fast flowing ; and with some herbs he found in the wood, and 
over which he muttered a short spell, he cured the king as 
perfectly as if he had never been wounded. 

He then begged he would inform him through what adven- 
ture he had become a bird, and who had wounded him so 
cruelly. The king satisfied his curiosity, and told him. that 
it must have been Florine who had revealed the amorous 
mystery of the secret visits he paid her, and who, to make 
her peace with the queen, had consented to have the cypress- 
tree filled with the daggers and razors which had hacked Jiim 
almost to pieces. He exclaimed a thousand times against 
the treachery of the princess, and said he should have been 
happy if he had died before he had known the wickedness of 
her heart. The Magician inveighed against her, and against 
all the sex : he advised the king to forget her. " What a 
misfortune it would be,** said he, " if you could continue to 
love the ungrateful girl ! After what she has been guilty of 
towards you, one has everything to fear from her.'* The Blue 
Bird could not remain long of that opinion; he still loved 
Florine too dearly : and the Enchanter, who knew his real 
sentiments, notwithstanding the pains he took to conceal 
them, said to him gaily,  

" Crush'd by Fortune's cruel blow, 
Vainly Reason's voice is heard ; 
We but listen to our woe, 
Deaf to sage or soothing word. 
Leave old Time his work to do ; 
All things have their sunny side ; 
But till he turns it to our view, 
Nought but darkness is descried." 

The Royal Bird admitted the truth of the remark, and 
begged his friend to take him home and to put him in a cage, 
where he would be safe from a cat's paw, x>r any .murderous 



THE BLTJB BIBD. 57 

weapon. '^ But,^ said the Enchanter, " will jou still remaiu 
five years in a condition so deplorable, and so little suited to 
your duties and your dignity) For, remember, you have 
enemies who assert that you are -dead. They would seize 
your kingdom. I much fear you will lose it before you 
regain your proper fomi" "Can I not," asked the king, 
** enter my palace, and govern as I used to do ?" " Oh," ex- 
claimed Ms friend, " the case is altered i Those who would 
obey a man, will not bow to a parrot : those who feared you 
while a king, surrounded by grandeur and pomp, would be 
the first to pluck out all your feathers, now you are a little 
bird." '* Alas, for human weakness 1" cried the king. " Al- 
though a brilliant exterior is as nothing compared to merit 
and virtue, it still possesses a power over the minds of men 
which it is difficult to combat. Well," continued he, '' let u& 
be philosophers, and despise that which we cannot obtain: 
our lot will be none the worse for it." " I do not give up a 
point so easily," said the Magician ; " I still hope to hit upon 
dome means for your restoration." 

Florine,  the wretched Florine,  in despair at no longer 
seeing the king, passed her days and nights at the window, 
repeating unceasingly,  

" Bird as blue as cloudless sky, 
Hither, hitlier quickly flyl" 

The presence of her watchfiil attendant did not prevent her ; 
her despair was so great that she was careless of consequences. 
"What has become of you. King CharmantT* she cried. 
" Have our mutual enemies caused you to feel the cruel 
effects of their rage? Have you fallen a sacrifice to their 
fury ] Alas, alas 1 are you no more ? Shall I never again 
behold you ? or, weary of my woes, have you abandoned me 
to my hard ite?" What tears, what sobs followed these 
tender complaints ! How did the absence of so dear and so 
amiable a lover lengthen the dreary hours of her captivity ! 
The princess, oppressed, ill, thin, and sadly altered, coiild 
scarcely sustain herself; she felt convinced that everything 
most fatal had occurred to the king. 

The queen and Truitonne triumphed. Their revenge gave 
them more pleasure than the offence had caused them annoy- 
ance. And what was this offence, after all? King Charmai 



SR THE BLUI BIBD. 

IukI n^HiiuMl to mairy a little monster he had a 

Noim to hiitcv In tho meantime Florine't fcthei ;^ ^ M 

hmioIuhI n ounHideniMo ago, fell ill and died. Tlie it uiMirf 

tlio Hioko! piitn and her daughter asBiuned a new y eil 

Thvy wiro lokHl upon as &voarite8, who had ahond Ar 

lntliicmM. Tho jhh)|Jo nwo, and ran' in a body to tlM F^^ 

iloniuuiiiug tho IVinoow Florine, whom akne thqr ^roald 

rciim^thimt iiM thoir wkvonngn. The enraged qoeen end 

to I1IUTV nrnttorn with a high hand; she appeared in a 

nntl thn>iitonoil tho inHurgonta. The revolt became 

iUtyy liiHiko Into hor a|wrtmont8, pillaged them, an 

hur to ilmith I 'IViiitonno fltnl for protection to her godmollMii 

ihu l*uirv SiiuMNio, or who would have shared the ftteof hs 

iinitliiM'. *Tho gmniUvH of tho kingdom met immedi at ely , aod 

nmHiiiiliMt I ho towor. whofo tho princess was lying Toy iD. 

Shti know iioithor o( tho doatli of her &ther, nor of the pumiib- 

tiioht (it h(r ouont;^'. Whon slie heard the noise of penons 

a|)ii'uuihiu^. nho Imd no doubt but that they were oonung to 

lutul hor to (liuith. Sho was not in the least alarmed, for life 

huil Umhuuo hntot\il to hor Hiuoo slio had lost the Blue IKrd. 

lloi- HulijtH'tM, Ihiigiiig thomsolvos at her feet, informed her of 

tlu^ huppY I'lmn^o in hov tvulunos. She was quite indififerent 

ti> it. Tlioy mi'i'ioil hor to tho i>tUace and crowned her. The 

Kit'ut otoo t^iut u twkon if hor health, and her own desire to 

ttook uut tho lUuo liinl. ooxuMiuhI to restore her, and she was 

Booii oimblod to uoutiuato a council to govern the kingdom 

tluring her alvaoniH). Sho then pnwided herself with jewels 

to tho Yiihie of a thvnwaml millious of francs, and set out on 

her journey one uight quite alone* without any one's knowing 

Miuthor 8he was gone. The Enchanter, who managed the 

altau-a of King Charniant, not having sufficient power to undo 

what Souaaio had done, decideil upon seeking her and pn>- 

P^uig some arrangement, under fevour of which she would 

fl^.^ 5 ^'"^^^ hi8 mtuiul form. He ordered out his 

SKtSI^^^*^T *^^^ters and fairies are on an 
S huJ&ve^^d r .^^^r.^ ^^^ other for five or 
wlte it^m I^ Wi^d^^^wng that time had quarrelled and 
maao u up agan^ a thousand times at \e^t ^\.^Z^' ^ 
him verv uolitAlT u Wk<.4 ijT *v^*' ^1^ received 

HlwKKdJ^^ ^"""^i^ 'fy ^^P^'* said she, (it 
 inu. ^ au aadres. wie another.)  Is there anything in 



THE BLUE filBJ). 59 

iaj power that I can do for him?" " Yes, Gossip," answered 
the Magician, ''you can do eveiything I desire : it concerns 
one of my best friends, a king whom you have made very 
unhappy." *' Aha! I understand you, Gossip !" cried Soussio. 
" I'm very sorry, but he has no mercy; to hope for, unless 
he consent to marry my god-daughter. There she is in all her 
beauty, as you may see. Let him consider of it." 

The Enchanter was almost struck dumb at the sight of her, 
so hideous did she appear to him; nevertheless, he could not 
resolve to leave, without coming to something like an agree- 
ment with Soussio, for the king had run a thousand risks 
since he had lived in a cage. The nail on which the cage had 
been suspended had broken, and the cage, of course, had fallen 
to the ground with a severe shock to his feathered majesty^ 
Minet, the cat, who happened to be in the room when this 
accident happened, gave the poor king a scratch on the eye, 
which nearly deprived him of the sight of it. On another 
occasion, they had neglected to give him any fresh water^ and 
be barely escaped having the pip. A Uttle rogue of a monkey, 
who had got loose, caught hold of some of his feathers through 
the bars of the cage, and spared him as little as he would 
have done a jay or a blackbird. But the worst of all was, 
that he was on the point of losing his kingdom. His heirs 
were daily trumping up some stories to prove he was dead. 
So, finally, the Enchanter came to an understanding with his 
gossip Soussio, that she should bring Truitonne to King 
Channant's paJace, where she should reside for some months, 
which time the king should be allowed to make up his miud 
to marry her, and that during that period Soussio would 
permit him to resume his original form, with the proviso 
that he should become a Bird again if he ultimately refused 
to espouse her god-daughter. 

The Fairy presented Truitonne with some magnificent 
dresses, all of gold and silver, then seated her on a pillion 
behind herself on a dragon, and proceeded directly to the 
kingdom of Charmant, whom they found there with his faith- 
ful friend the Enchanter. Three taps of Soussio's wand, and 
King Charmant was again the handsome, amiable, intelligent, 
and munificent sovereign he had been before his transforma- 
tion ; but dearly bought was the reprieve accorded to him. 
The mora thought of marrying Truitonne made him shudder,, 



60 THE BLUE BIKD. 

The Enchanter reasoned with him as well as he was able, but 
made little impression on his mind. The king was less occu- 
pied with the government of his dominions, tan with devis- 
ing means to prolong the period Soussio had allowed should 
elapse previous to his marriage with Truitonne. 

In the meanwhile Queen Florine, disguised as a peasant, 
with her hair all dishevelled and hanging about her ears to 
conceal her features, a straw hat on her head, and a sack upon 
her shoulder, proceeded on her journey, sometimes walking, 
sometimes riding, now by sea, now by land, making sJl 
possible haste ; but not being certain of her road, fearing every 
turn she took might be in the wrong direction, and 
lead her from her amiable monarch instead of towards him. 
One day that she had stopped to rest herself beside a fountain, 
whose ffllvery waters flowed leaping over the little pebbles, she 
thought she would take that opportunity of washing her feet. 
She accordingly sat down upon the grassy bank, tied up her 
fair locks with a ribbon, and put her feet into the little stream. 
She looked like Diana bathing on her return from the chase. 
A little old woman who, bent almost double and leaning on 
a stout stick, was passing that way, stopped, and said to her, 
f * What are you doing there, my pretty girl, all alone by your- 
self?" "My good mother," answered the queen, "I have 
plenty of company, for I am beset by sorrows, anxieties, and 
misfortunes ! " and at these words her eyes filled with tears. 
" How ! so young and weeping," said the good woman. " Ah, 
my child, do not give way to sorrow ; tell me truly what is 
the matter, and I hope I may be able to comfort you." The 
queen willingly told her all her misfortunes, the conduct of 
the Fairy Soussio, and how she was at present in quest of the 
Blue Bird. 

The little old woman drew herself up as straight as pos- 
sible, changed suddenly her whole appearance, became lovely, 
young, and superbly attired, and smiling graciously on the 
queen, said, " Incomparable Florine, the king you seek is no 
longer a bird ; my sister Soussio has restored him to his former 
shape. He is in his own kingdom. Do not afflict yourself; 
you will reach it, and succeed in your design. Here are four 
eggs ; break one of them whenever you are most in need of 
assistance, and you will find in it what will be useful." As she 
ended these words she disappeared. Florine felt much consoled 



THE BLUE BIBD.' 61 

by what she had heard ; she put the eggs m her sack, and 
resumed her journey towards the kmgdom of Charmant. 

After walking eight days and nights without stopping, she 
arrived at the foot of a mountain, prodigiously high, all of 
lYory, and so steep that one could not keep one's footing upon 
it. She made a -^ousand vain attempts, stepping down every 
time, till tired out, and in despair at meeting with so insurr 
mountable an obstacle, she laid herself down at the bottom of 
the mountain, determined to die there, when she recollected 
the e^s the Fairy had given her. 

She took one out of her sack. '' Let us see," she said, ^' if 
the giver was not making game of me when she promised 
that I should find help in them in my needi" She broke it, 
and found inside some little golden cramps, which she &8- 
tened on her hands and feet. By the aid of iJiem she climbed 
up the ivory mountain without the least trouble, for the 
points of the cramps entered the ivory, and prevented het 
slipping. When she had reached the top, she found herself in 
equal difficulty respecting the descent. All the valley was 
one sheet of looking-glass, around which upwards of sixty 
thousand women were standing and admiring themselves in 
it extremely, for this looking-glass was full two leagues in 
breadth, and six in height Every one appeared in it exactly 
as they wished to be. The carroty-haired seemed to have 
locks of gold; a bad coarse brown appeared a glossy raven 
black. The old looked young  ^the young never looked older ; 
in fine, no fault could be seen in this wonderful mirror, and, 
consequently, it was resorted to by the fair sex from all parts 
of the world. It was enough to make you die of laughing to 
see the airs and graces the majority of these coquettes gave 
themselves. Nor were the men less eager to consult this 
magical mirror, which was equally pleasing to them. To 
some it seemed to give fine curly hair, to others taller stature 
or better shape, a more martial mien or a nobler deportment ; 
the ladies they laughed at laughed at them uo less in return ; 
80 that the mountain was called by a thousand difierent 
names. No one had ever been able to get to the top of it, 
and therefore when Florine appeared on the summit, the 
ladies uttered shrieks of despair! *' Where is that mad 
creature going?" they cried. *' No doubt she knows how to 
walk upon glass, or the first step she takes she will break ou' 



62 TBI BLinS BIBD.  

Kiirror to pieces!** upon whidi aroee a terrible hubbiih. 
The qaeen knew not what to do, for the Mbw the inimiiMrt 
danger of deeoending by that road. She broke another egj^ 
out of which issued two pigeons attached to a car, which -at 
the same time became sufficiently large for her to seat herselt 
in it comfortably. The pigeons then gently deaoended witt 
the queen, and alighted at the bottom without the least aooh 
dent '< My little friends," said she to them, '< if yon wiD 
convey me to the spot whore King Gharmant holds his oonzti 
you will not oblige an ungrateM person." The civil and 
obedient pigeons rested neither day nor night till they aRived 
at the gates of the city. Florine alighted, and gave each of 
them a sweet kiss, worth more than a royal diadem. 

Oh, how her heart beat as she entered the city! She 
stained her &ce that she might not be recognisecL She 
inquired of some passengers where she could see the king. 
Some of them began to laugh at her. ''See the king!" sail 
they; **hoi what dost thou want with him, my young shitt 
Go, go, and clean yourself! your eyes are not worthy the 
sight of such a monarch." The queen made no reply, but 
passeil ou quietly, and asked the next persons she met the 
saiuo viuo8tion  whore should she place herself in order to see 
the kiuiT. "He is to go to the temple to-morrow with the 
l^riucetss 'rruitoune. for ho has at List consented to espouse 
Ucr." w** the Answer. 

UoAvtiw! vh*t tidings! Truitonne, the worthless Trui- 
tvaiu?, ou the eve of luarriage with the king! Florine felt 
vlyiiig '. she bAvl m,^ longer ix>wer to speak or move. She sank 
^T^ Oil A hp of stones under a gateway, her face covered 
bv Ifcec dwhex^l^^l hair wid her lai^ stzaw hat.  Unfortu- 
w^^ sWfctut^ that I anxT mevl she; ^I have come hither 
Nkt tv- wtvU th^ trium|>h v^ mv rival and witness her delight ! 
U>a* ^KiMr. tWm. IW lUu^ l^rd dted me! It was for 

2!1S! I!5tTI**v ^' ^ "*** ^^^'y ^"^^ ^^* ^^* cfil M^co- 
!?g? \ V^ rtut^p^l itt gwt I tmnbW for his hie, the 

STItklJwJv'*^^ vtMfc^ Mul thinking nv> mcce of me 
SKi^Sl^J*^ ''***^ ^^^"^ ^^ ** ^' bttaent his abeence 
iSSrw* '^V ^^'^^ ^'^'*'** '^ '^^f^ miserable, they 
SLTS^IS!?*.^'*^^^ *v ,^v ^vr v^Tiwtt >u^t out a 
72^^.^^ *^^ "^^"^^^ ^^ ^^ >itlK>att anr sapper. 
~^ >^^ ^ ,1^ .M^ Ww*k4 ^.^ ^&^ wmpi^ Sfter 



3yer. Tniitonne followed him, richly attired, and ugly 
h to frighten everybody. She frowned on perceiving 
[ueen. ''Who art thou," said she, ''to dare thus 
ach our august person and our golden throne ?" " I am 

Mie SouiUon,'* replied Florine ; " I come from a great 

ce to sell you some curiosities!" and so saying, she took 

^ her sack the emerald bracelets which King Charmant -ll -^ 

^ven to her. "Aha!" said Tniitonne; "these ar6 

T glass ornaments. Will you take a five-sous piece for 

P "Show them. Madam, to some connoisseur,** said 

leen, " and then we will make our bai^gain. -' Tniitonne, 

vaa as fond of the king as such a creature could be, and 

Lted to have a reason for addressing him, approached h 

e, and showed him the bracelets, requesting his opinion 

air value. The sight of them immediately recalled to 

hose he had given to Florine. He turned pale, sighed, 

remained for some time without speaking; at length, 

g the observations that might be made upon the agita- 

[lis conflicting emotions had occasioned, he made an 

to compose himseli^ and answered, "I believe these 
lets to be worth almost as much as my kingdom. I 
ned there was but one such pair in the world; but here 
tainly another very like it." Tniitonne returned to her 
e, seated on which she looked less noble than an oyster 



64 THE BLUE BIBD. 

sented^ (indeed, her appearance was not such as to inspire 
much curiosity,) than bom the invincible repugnance he felt 
to Truitonne. Now, it is fit you should know that while he 
was a Blue Bird, he had told the Princess Florine that beneath 
his apartments there was a cabinet, which was called the 
Cabinet of Echos, so ingeniously constructed that the slightest 
whispers uttered therein could be heard by the king when 
reposing in his bedchamber; and as Florine's intention was to 
reproad^ him for his inconstancy, she could not have imagined 
a better method. 

She was conducted to the cabinet by order of Truitonne^ 
and immediately began her complaints and lamentations. 

''The misfortune I would siin have doubted is but too 
certain, cruel Blue Bird ! " she cried. " Thou hast forgotten me! 
Thou loyest my unworthy rival. The bracelets which I re- 
ceived from thy disloyal hand could awake no remembrance 
of me, so entirely hast thou banished me from thy recollec- 
tion!** Her sobs here choked her utterance, and when she 
was again able to speak, she resumed her lamentatioius, and 
continued them till daybreak. The king's valets-de-chambre^ 
who had heard her moan and sigh all night long, told Troi- 
tonne, who inquired why she had made such a disturbance. 
The queen answered that when she slept soundly she was in 
the habit of dreaming, and often talked aloud in her sleep 
As to the king, by a strange &tality he had not heard her. 
Since he had been so deeply in love with Florine, he never could 
sleep, so that when he went to bed they gave him a dose of 
opium, in order to obtain for him some repose. 

The queen passed a part of the day in great anxiety. " If 
he heard me," thought she, " there never yet was sudi cruel 
indifference. If he did not hear me, how shall I manage to 
make him do so?" She possessed no more extraordinary 
curiosities; she had plenty of beautiftd jewels; but it was 
necessary to find something which should particularly take 
the fancy of Truitonne. She therefore had recomse to her 
eggs. She broke one, and out of it came immediately a coach 
of polished steel, inlaid with gold, drawn by six green mice, 
driven by a rose-coloured rat, and the postilion, who was also 
one of the rat tribe, was of a greyish violet colour. In the 
coach sat four puppets, more lively and sprightly than any 
that were ever seen at the Eiirs of St. Germain or St. Laurent 



THE BLUE BIED. 65 

They could do all sorts of wonderful things, particularly two 
little gipsies, who, for dancing a saraband or a jig, would not 
have yielded the palm to Leance. ^ 

The queen stood enraptured at the sight of this new 
masterpiece of necromantic art She remained perfectly 
quiet till the evening, which was the time Truitonne usually 
took an airing. She posted herself in one of the walks, and 
set the mice galloping with the coach, rats, and puppets. 
This novelty so astonii^ed Truitonne, that she called out two 
or three times  " Mie Souillon !  Id^ie Souillon ! will you 
take five sous for your coach and set of mice?" "Ask the 
men of letters and learned doctors of this kingdom," said 
Florine, "what such a wonder is worth, and I will abide by 
the valuation of the best judge." Truitonne, who was impera- 
tive about everything, replied, " Without offending me longer 
by thy filthy presence, tell me the price." " All I ask," said 
Florine, " is to sleep again in the Cabinet of Echoes." " Go, 
poor idiot," answered Truitonne, " thou shalt have thy wish f 
and, turning to her ladies-in-waiting, " There's a stupid crea- 
ture," said she, "to reap no greater advantage from such 
curiosities!" 

Night came. Florine uttered all the most touching re- 
proaches she could think of; but as vainly as before, for the 
king never omitted taking his opium. The valets-de-chambre 
said to one another, " That country wench must surely be 
mad ! What is she muttering about all night 1 " " Notwith- 
standing," observed some, " there is both reason and feeling 
in what she says." She waited impatiently for morning, to 
ascertain what effect her words had produced. " What," she 
criedy "has this barbarous man become deaf to my voice] Will 

(1) The fSairs of St. Germain and St. Laurent -were two of the principal fairs in 
Paris, and their theatres and puppet-shows -were much frequented. To the 
"Thfefttre de la Poire" we are indebted for the French  Opera Comique," and the 
creation of those charming " FoUes Dramatiques," which I have attempted to imi> 
tate in my extravaganzas. The principal puppet-show was that of Brioche, who is 
said to have been the inventor of " Les Marionettes." He is mentioned by Boileau 
in his Seventh Epistle : " Non loin de la place oii Brioch6 preside," which was in 
Uie Rue Mazarine. It is of him Leander, in the next story (Prince Sprite) buys the 
monkeys {vide p. 91). The name of Jieance does not occur in the earliest list of 
dancers I have seen, or amongst those mentioned by the Marquis de Dangeau in his 
Diaiy ; I am therefore in doubt whether Madame d'Aulnoy alludes to a celebrated 
ballet-dancer or an equally popular puppet. The saraband was a dance introduced 
into Spain by the Moors. The- jig, from the Teutonic gieg, a fiddle, though of ng^ 
Jtih invention, was adopted in most European nations. 

F 



" - - ^A.j. 

^ li^ .r:n= .tj. _:,..^ ^ak amlto 




: .. .t: I r- :::: -: a it^r u:k. -:. afforf j^ 
-.L^ . -.= r-^ :. uiu na: -^21^ & pie com. 

^. -_t:...-w a::;; uimiru.Lj. Toid fornxue^ 

^ -._s: i .i L:: T-::^ir -r sicc. a wonderful 

 i^i.:::^ .= rvj rr^soanes me- 

:;, r ..-r :u ?ui5a. :cri oc the king^ 

_ - ... 11 .-r. laii ui. -Mt friend, 

.-  . .-KT- :i:ic : -ae i:-:; -ii^ n^t tab 

, -  : - "ne 3ii:sc cTtraonliDaiy 

. r ::r-rr>.-'i :nac zhe k-ng had not 

.-: -. -.r.:jj 51- :r' her sadt, and 

. -  :::,- :.:c iia;;*-; rerce, that if 

..-. -:_:-. -rfsj^^aing that I 

- ... -.rsr .torii iai diamonds 

..-..:..:-: .--izseniciL and gave 

 -"-- .--fi Sae perceived 
.-.:_- !:iioi to be eating. 
 s:. : rmiionne to her. 
. -. .i:.^ ia?rr':ic'gers, musi- 
--: - :. ^:^nr ail the biitis 
..-: ^- -m:^ md then to cry, 
^ .. ":'i v:ur fortune." 

.  .'i^'ei c'jt, in a voice 
-, . ->  -v-'i ;"-aek! quack! 
^ ^ ..  :-:rvsort of mad- 
, ...:\- s-irprised at 80 
^ . \ - - -T lite, vowed it 

- .\i-. -;? ir. " Come, 

. . :- :'.T it r  The 

,  >5i ". :o sleep in the 

 ' j^iii Trui tonne, 

* iu consequence 



THE BLUE BIED. 67 

acquisition of snob a pie), '* thou shalt have a pistole 
) bargain.'* Florine, happier than she had yet been, in 
>e that the king would at lengtb bear her, took her 
' Truitonne, with many thanks. 
3on as night came, she requested to be conducted to 
inet, ardently hoping that the valet-de-chambre would 
is word, and that, instead of giving the king his 
draught, he would substitute for it something that 
reep his majesty awake. When she thought everybody 
3 asleep^ she began her usual lamentations. '* To how 
lerils have I exposed myself," she said, '' in search ot 
hilst thou hast fled from me, and wouldst marry Trui- 

What have I done to thee, thou cruel one, that thou 
t thus forget thy vows? Kemember thy metamorphosis, 
ours, and our tender conversations P* She repeated 
3arly all, her memory sufficiently proving that nothing 
xer to her than such recollections, 
king was not asleep, and so distinctly heard the voice 
ine, and every word she uttered, that he could not 
> whence they proceeded; but his heart, penetrated 
ademess, recalled to him so vividly the person of his 
Eirable princess, that he felt his separation from her 
ly as he did at the moment the knives had wounded 

the cypress-tree. He began to speak aloud on his 
i the queen had done on hers. " Ah, Princess," said 
3 cruel to a lover who adored you ! Is it possible that 
I have sacrificed me to our mutual enemies ? " Florine 
hat he said, and failed not to answer him, and to 
him that, if he would grant Mie Souillon an audience. 
Id be enlightened respecting all the mysteries which 
) he had been unable to penetrate. At these words, 
patient king called one of his valets-de-chambre, and 
aim if he could find Mie Souillon, and bring her to 
rhe valet-de-chambre replied, that nothing could be 
isy, as she was sleeping in the Cabinet of Echoes, 
king knew not what to think. How could he believe 
b a queen as Florine was disguised as a scullion? And 
w could he imagine that Mie Souillon had the voice 
jueen, and was in possession of such particular secrets, 
'ere not Florine herself ? In this uncertainty he arose 
jssed himself in the greatest hurry, and descended \jy 

f2 



69 TH BLUE BIBD. 

a back staircase to the door of the Cabinet of Echoes, out of 
which the queen had taken the key: but the king had a 
master-key which unlocked every door throughout the 
palace. 

He found her arrayed in a light robe of white taffety, 
which she wore beneath her coarse disguise, her beautifd 
hair falling about her shoulders. She was lying on a couch, 
and a lamp at some distance shed on the scene but a feeble' 
light. The king entered suddenly, and his love getting the 
better of his anger, the moment he recognised her he flung 
himself at her feet, bathed her hands with his tears, and felt 
ready to die with joy, grief, and the thousand diflferent thou^ts 
that rushed at once into his mind. 

The queen was not less moved. Her heart seemed to stop 
beating; she could scarcely breathe. She looked earnestly 
at the king without saying a word, and when she found 
strength to speak to him, she had no power to reproach him; 
the joy of beholding him again made her forget, fbr the time, 
the cause of complaint she imagined she had against him. 
At length, they mutually explained, and justified themselvea 
Their affection revived stronger than ever, and all that em- 
barrassed them was the Fairy Soussio. But at this moment 
the Enchanter, who was so fond of the king, arrived with a 
famous Fairy, no other than she who gave the four eggs to 
Florine. After the first compliments had passed between 
them, the Enchanter and the Fairy declared that their power 
being united in favour of the king and queen, Soussio could 
do nothing against them, and that consequently their marriage 
would take place without delay. 

We may readily imagine the delight of these two young 
lovers. As soon as it was day the news was spread throughout 
the palace, and everybody was enchanted to see Florine. The 
tidings reached Truitonne. She ran to the king's apartments. 
"What was her surprise to find there her beautiful rival ! The 
moment she attempted to open her mouth to abuse- her, the 
Enchanter and the Fairy appeared, and changed her into a 
sow, which being called Truye, in French, she still retained part 
of her name, and her natural disposition to grumble. She ran 
out of the room grunting, and thence into the kitchen court- 
yard, where the long peals of laughter with which she was 
received, completed her despair. 



THE BLUE BISJ). 69 

Cing Charmant and Queen Florine, deliyered from so odious 
srBon, now thought only of the nuptial fl^te^ the taste and 
puficsenoe of which were equally conspicuous. 
t 18 eaey to conoeiye how great was their happiness after 
ling through such prolonged misfortunes. 

When Tmitonne would haye forced that monarch charming 

To tie a knot which death alone could sunder, 

Regaidlen of the consequence alarming, 

She certainly committed a great blimder. 

Tis possible she did not know, a marriage 

Unblest by mutual loye is wretched slavery. 

But Charmant's bold, uncompromising carriage, 

Showed as much prudence, I conceive, as bravery. 

Better to be a bird of any hue 

A zaven, crow, an owl  I do protest. 

Than tie yourself for life a partner to, 

Who either scorns you, or whom you detest. 

Too many matches of this sort I've seen. 

And wish that now there were some kind magician 

To step such ill-assorted souls between. 

With power to enforce his prohibition, 

"Vigilant ever to forbid the banns 

Where selfish feelings true affection slighted. 

And ne'er allowing Hymen to join hands, 

When hearts had not been first by Love united. 



IMnNCK SPRITE. 



  



s\ . ,. ^j.. .^ A  <tMV wMia king and a queeavtekd 
.  . . M \^u,. ^U,\ >i^^><v ^^AwMonatoly fond o^ Jhtm^ k 
,x , . *,,. i,,v.h ^^'^^^^^^^^ U o wm ftg fitt as the l^g^ *  % 
.,, s\ ". ,u.^i W ^^'^xMiJu^rt asthe snuJleBt dfi 

u,i s\ i^-" .^ >! ^,s. Hthi tlw doformty of Ml Mr 

\\. ,. u. ii...x.. -^ v,**j^*^^x >h<h Uu malignity of his 
i.. .. U, \\.k> ^.* ,.iv>,.v44v t\MtA vho caused the 

. i , v,.\\ v. . s^'U^ t'tu^ Kx\j: l^ad observed tbisfinB 

,1 ",. !> ...;!.., .uii^k,.\ ^wl thi? quoon doted uponhnBi 

;*,..*.., :. K w :v\ hor outrageous indulgeno^ 

 .... X Ni .>o \s-vr ho iH^ssessed overhet 

I. : ; .^ "... .\N. .:,> * y. -.iNw^ss^ it was necessary to 

^. ;:...; :.. . >. .. \..> : . "x : ..^wiiv Aixvl witty. She wi8 

.i. : - ,. j,.x. : k ....:,' i^*: ^%",;\i iu^s^pire respect and 

; : . . . . V . : . - I . ...^ V . -^ ..-. ' . - . x"" >' At \vl Uiitt Furibon. 

\\ ivv... :.. w.,> .: .*- i^^v .,> '.vn;,: \v .* :u%"'r the king selected 

\ ^'.uv.wv wii." baA A *i -.... ,',^ ji :v :bo crown, which he 

uu.v.i.; l-*\. '.v.*.\\;u-i:.vi. ..iv' .4 ^;;4\c "-.tA bj^i not his estates 
i^lU'iv vu;.' .Uv'*iy^. -\> .'4 \*.-N >v ^v.^L \l^ AtbK>ito think of it, 
.<iul ^;yl.ixl V.V.- x-1: s..\l\ :v' ::>v .c\.st;:.ott or'jci only son. 

Svxvi vjw 'bL:iv -i >^ -:i ^.ccc-kvi H 7,a ,4 din*r dispositioiL 



V^\^ "*-'- -/'T ^^- >^-  .v> ^:iuu*oo, Ji^cr^ v:ui dh peculiar 
^\s^\\ i.-- ^u.v j_ b_i i\u\ v^A'.iv!*>.'a. lu v^rscn he was 




i 



\\ ^ Mau^i Leiah^:uft;r. dtia ;;vtiv"o^Aiy lcY**a ^ym- 



PRINCE SPKHE. 71 

He was a great fitYOurite with the ladies; but he attached 
himself to no one in particular. They called him "The 
handsome indifferent." All these attach upon him &iled 
to produce any change in his manner. He rarely quitted 
Furibon ; and that association served but to make the latter 
appear more hideous. The little brute never spoke to a 
lady but to utter some rudeness. Sometimes he would find 
kult with their dress. Sometimes he would tell them their 
manners were coarse and countrified. He would accuse 
them publicly of being painted, and eagerly carried every 
scandalous story he could pick up about them to the queen, 
who would not only reprimand them severely, but make 
them ast by way of punishment. All this caused them 
mortally to hate Furibon; this he perceived, and generally 
resented it on the yoimg Leander. " You are vastly happy," 
said he, looking at him askance ; " the women praise and 
applaud you; they are not so indulgent to me." " My lord," 
said Leander, modestly, ** their respect for you prevents such 
fiuniliarity." " They are quite right," rejoined Furibon ; " I 
should beat them into a jelly to teach them their duty." 

One day, some ambassadors having arrived at the court 
from a fiir country, the prince, accompanied by Leander, went 
into a gallery to see them pass. As soon as the envoys 
saw Leander they advanced towards him with profound salu- 
tations, evincing by signs their admiration. Then observing 
Furibon they took him for his dwar^ laid hold of him by the 
arm and, turned him roimd and round in spite of all his re- 
sistance. Leander was in despair; he exhausted himself with 
his efforts to make them understand that it was the king's 
son they were treating so unceremoniously, but all in vaia ; 
and unfortunately the interpreter was awaiting them in the 
hall of audience. Finding that they did not comprehend his 
signs, Leander humbled himself still more before Furibon; but 
the ambassadors as well aa the persons in their suite, imagin- 
ing this was in jest, laughed till they were almost in fits, and 
filliped the prince on his nose, after the fashion of their own 
country. Furibon, transported with rage, drew his little sword, 
which was not longer than a lady's fan, and had certainly done 
some mischief had not the king advanced to meet the ambas- 
sadors, and to his great surprise observed the commotion. He 
apologised to them, for he spoke their language. The 



ta 



cleuiT t^ 




bad ocoHuiiBii 
Asmaa 

idai brc&e 

hade hint ever lo ap p e a r a|KVB . 

uher cdeDinitt FanbQasMBiiaKLBt biaaoifttoacU 
he httd SB tiw coantrr. H vo* dm at ft loaB finr anwMWi 
He wiM fisod of kizzLcmis^ feAfng aiui T^F^^g* ba oonUL ' 
firom nature, read niTiccu and pEajad en aavnl inalnua 
He reyxud he waa no Ijoaeer ^li^ed to paj ecMnt to a c 
ocas pricee; asd, notvitbacanduig the aoJitoila in wlui 
liTcdy never knev a naooKnc** *^^'^*^ 

Doe da J, after walking a kg tLoae m lua gaitlenis i 
beat ineraksed, he entefed a linie wood the trees of i 
were lo high and so leafy that they afibided a Ttatj agn 
ifaade. He began to diven himself bjplajiiig on the flute^ 
he felt aompthing twine itaelf about hia kg \erj ta^Qj i 
on Ifjfjkinfz down, discoTered to his anrpriae a large a 
He VxAl oat his handkerchiet and catching the reptile I 
hfoA Le was aboat to kill it ; but it twisted itaelf roun 
txrrrif and, fixing its eyes upon him, seemed to craTe for n: 
One fj( hifl gardeners coming up at the time, no sooner sa 
a/W/rr tljan he called out to his master, ' Hold it fas 
lordf I have Vjeen hunting it for an hoiur, in order to k 
It iH xitf: mont cunning creature in the world, and does c 
raUj iniuchief in the flower-beds." Leander looked aga 
tbj a/ld/?r, which was spotted with a thousand extraord 
<:olourK, and mill gazed at him earnestly without makinj 
rffort U, defend itself.  As you would have killed it 
h<5 Uj the gardener) and it ran to me for protection, I i 
you V, do It any injury. I shall feed it, and when i 
TL^^u ^'^"^^^^i^.fki^i I sl^U let it go." He returned i 

tow V"u ^Y^^"" ^^^^ ^ ^^g^ ^^^^' ^f ^bich he 
foritT'Tf ^^>^^^ ^^^> flowers and herbs pro 
lor It, to feed on and sport with. ^ 

U all the p?LtW a^^^^^ ^r '^ "'"P* *^ ^^ 

Freiiy airs and graces that an adder 



18 ca 



TBJSCX. SFRirX. 7o 

The prinoe was ZBXher sazprised at it : but. nerertheless. 
not pay much attention to the circumstance. AH the 
of the court lamented his absence. Tbej talked c : 
but Leander, and wished him hack a^ain. *- Alas," 
they, '^ there are no more pleasores at cc-urt now Leander 
left it. That wicked Foribon was the cause of his depar- 
Most he needs hate Leander. because he is more amiable 
more beloved than himself ? Must Leander dislocate his 
boncfl^ and split his mouth firom ear to ear. in order to 
ible him ? screw up his eyes, and poll oS his nose, to 
J this little baboon } who will never be happy as long as 
iliTes; for he will never find any one so ugly as he is.** 
However wicked princes may be, they will always have 
flitterers, and, indeed, those who are wicked find more 
pa n w it es than the others. Furibon had his share : his influ- 
Moe over the mind of the queen made them fear t^im . They 
told him what the ladies said of h'ym^ and put him almost 
ttto a firenzy with passion. He ru^ed into the queen s 
chamber in this state, and vowed he would kill himself before 
her eyes, if she did not instantly find some means of destroy- 
ing Leander. The queen, who hated the poor youth, because 
he was handsomer than her monkey of a son, replied that 
she had long looked upon Leander as a traitor, that she would 
willingly put him to death with her own hand. She advised 
Furibon to go out hupting with the most trustworthy of his 
confidants, ^t Leander would join the chase, and that then 
they might teach him how to make himself loved by everj-- 
body. Furibon accordingly went out hunting. When 
Leander heard the hounds and horns in the wood, he mounted 
his horse and rode to see who the himters were. He was 
much surprised at meeting suddenly the prince. He dis- 
mounted and saluted him respectfully. Furibon received 
him more graciously than he could have hoped, and bade him 
follow in his suite. At the same time, turning to the asstis- 
sins, he made signs to them to make sure of their blow. Ho 
then galloped away, when suddenly a lion of an enormous 
size rushed out of a cavern, and springing upon him puUcil 
him to the ground. His attendants fled in every direction, 
leaving Leander alone to combat the furious animal. Sword 
in hand, he advanced at the hazard of being torn to pieces, 
and by his courage and skill rescued his most cruel enemy. 




r4 ftca 

%\\ viv^ Mi\t w wi m  KiHk and as MMm as he 
v^Hk\^4^ mI^iU Kum Km ii hHKm to ride 
M lm A iiH>Mlr v^ uBi|prilitiid vovld 
%s% h}m \mx%\ s\w bv mdi fNifcMd tmmA 
\\M^yHM^\ iWm hk^ K94I1 Ivr vdi and daedb 
I^NkviUuv H M IM4 vvM dmpi tD look on * -^ 
avMWa l^iiMwir v^ Kw Kono Iwt to n% the 

l^MO^Wr, ust K Miwl ittHaiib^ Imo boen dain birt iv ift 
uu\UuuW\k \\^MN^s^ H<^ vikiMd hii book against a Ina'ft 
\vi\iM* l\^ \\>^l Wi^ aicamd IhMn boldifed, and, iwtyMiH 

\au v4' hU %^uiMuhM^ UiU about tdm deqporatety. Itnw^ 
MWvi^ Uv' ukMl b^ kUW^L biMiwaA to e^joy the li^^Mk 
^km\ Uh\\- ; bul a wrv dUliNrmt qpoetabte mot his eywL Si 
viU^iutt ^c4v All Mivlv^iii^l oiu tKe Mirth io thoir last -ilgoHi^ 
A\uk Um^iuIc^' asUattcit^^ Mtd ii> hica. ^Mj Lord, if It ivai4f 
>\^uv ^a\Wv tlw^ UM<u aicacki^ i9^ 1 n^rat that I di^kmm 
xwyimjW *' \ v'U aiv au kMolmt trailQr>* anairarad tho priooa 
\\\ ^ \^\\ *'mKl if ^vvr wu aijsaia appear m mj pawnw^t 
wiU Ku\o >vH v^ut to vl^tb."* 

i.vvuu\Uvv iu.kvV uo iv^^lv. He r^curued home ory aorroif" 
iu\, mu( ^w^^M^s.! cUo ui^iihc lu ciuukio^ what he ou^t to do, 
Ua* thoio \\ivsi uvi UioIKvNil of h Uriiw: able to make a stand 
Ui5uiu:t tUo ku^\ 5^Mt He rw^-^v^ to go abroad and aeetiie 
N^v^nvl: hyxi y^iy^syy^ \y^. viUH lu*? rvrtdv to ^art upon hia travda, 
4u ivuumuWaxhI thv^ .^vUlvr, Auvl tvvk to rt some milk and some 



tyuu Ou v^ivuuvg tUv^ vUvr he ^vrvviY^fd an ^rtaaordmaw 
light ^uuu\g u i^ vwuor of tiw rvvm. and to his sra^ 

llu^th - - ^^'"'-'''^^ ^^'^ ^"^ ^^ Her dre ^ of 




the aebt ii ow v.u\ ^ V ''^"^ ^^ m its place, to diachaige 
know thai I lun t^TiL- ^ ^' ^^'^^ *'' >'^'^ '^^"^ intaffigiWr, 

AU hundred Teara ^ut*^^ ^"^"^ ^"^ per&.TOL Our laoe li?e 
without lew\3^ pai^ A ^^"^ ^^ without makdin, 
^ ^^<^ ftTS* :^ *^^ipitiou of that period, we 

^^apaeeofaweek. It is 01^ during 



VBINCE SFBIT. 75 

that time that we are in any danger, for then we can neither 
foresee nor prevent misfortunes, and if we were killed we 
should never come to life again. The week ended, we return 
to our usual shapes, with renewed beauty, power and treasures. 
Tou now, my lord, can imderstand the obligations I am 
under to you. It is but just I should repay them. Think 
how I can be useful to you, and depend upon my friendship." 
The young prince, who had never before held any com- 
munication with furies, was so astonished, that it was some 
time before he could speak. But at length, making her a 
profound bow,  " Madam,'* said he, " after the honour I have 
enjoyed of being of service to you, it appears to me I have 
notlung more to desire of Fortune.*' " I shall be very sorry," 
replied |he, ''if you do not put me in the way of rendering 
you some service. Consider that I have the power to make 
you a great king, to prolong your life, to make you still more 
amiable, to give you mines full of diamonds and houses full 
of gold. I can make you an excellent orator, poet, musician 
and painter, the idol of the women; render your nature more 
ethereal, make you a spirit of air, water and earth.**  Leander 
interrupted her at this point. " Permit me, Madam, to ask 
you,** said he, " what advantage should I derive from becom- 
ing a spirit? " '' It would enable you to do a thousand useful 
and agreeable things,*' replied the fairy. " You are invisible 
whenever you please, you traverse in au instant the vast 
expanse of the imiverse, you rise in the air without wings, you 
dascend to the centre of the earth without dying, you plunge 
into the depths of the ocean without being drowned, you 
enter everywhere, though the windows and doors are fastened 
ever so carefully, and, at any moment you please, you re-ap- 
pear in your natural form.'* " Ah, Madam ! ** exclaimed 
Leander, ^ 1 will be a spirit I am about to travel; I can 
imagine an infinite number of pleasures to be enjoyed under 
such circumstances, and I prefer that gift to all the others 
which you have so generously offered me." "Be a spirit, 
then," replied Gentille, passing her hand three times over his 
eyes and face. '^ Be a beloved spirit, an amiable spirit, and 
a frolicksome spirit." She then embraced him, and gave him 
a little red hat ornamented with two parrot's feathers. " When 
jrou put on this cap," continued she, " you wiU be invisible ; 
when you take it off you appear again.** Leander, enraptured^ 



76 ^JUNGE 8EBIX1L 

eUpped tfae little red hat on his heiul, and wiahed to iljto 
the forest to cull some wild roses he had obserred there. In 
an instant his body became li^t^ and swift as ^^nng^* he 
darted through the window towards the forest^ soariiwlikB 
-a bird. He was rather alarmed when he saw himselTat a 
great hei^t and crossing the river. He feared he should M 
into it) and that the power of the Mij could not preveDt iK:* 
but he found himself safe at the foot of the rose-tree^ gatiltired 
three roees^ and returned immediately to the room in wMdi 
the fidry was still standing. He presented them to her, 
charmed that his little trial-trip had been so suoceesfoL She 
told him to keep the roses; that one of them would fdmUi 
him with any money he might require; that by phuang 
another in his mistress's bosom, he would know if she wan 
Mthful to him; and that the third would preserve him from 
sicknessi Then^ without waiting to be thanked, she wished 
him a fortunate journey and disappeared. 

Leander was exceedingly delighted with the valuable- boob 
which had been conferred upon him. ^' Could I ever have 
imagined^'' said he, ^' that for having saved a poor adder finm 
the clutches of my gardener, I should be rewarded by the 
possession of such rare and great advantages !  Oh, : how I 
shall enjoy myself!  ^what pleasant moments I shall pass!  
how many things I shall become acquainted with! I can he 
invisible,  I can witness the most secret adventures.*^ It 
occurred to him also, that it would b^ a rich treat to him, 
to take some vengeance upon Furibon. He speedily arraogBd 
his affairs, and moimting the handsomest horse in his staUise^ 
named Grisdelin, he departed, followed by a few of his SB^ 
vants, wearing his livery, in order that the news of his return 
to court might be more speedily known. 

You must know that Furibon, who was a great story-teUer, 
had reported that but for his own bravery Leander would 
have assassinated him during the chase, that he had killed aH . 
his people, and that justice should be done upon him. The 
king, importuned by the queen, gave orders for the arrest of 
Leauder, so that when he arrived in such a public irnJ^tiTiffrj 
Furibon was immediately informed of it. He was^ however, 
too great a coward to encoimter Leander himself He ran to 
his mother's apartments and told her Leander had returned 
to court, and entreated her to have him anested. The queens 



PRINCE SPRITE. 77 

eager to do anything her monkey of a son desired, lost no 
time in seeking the king; and the prince, impatient to leam 
the result of t^e interview, stopped, and put his ear against 
the door, and lifted up his hair to hear more distinctly. 
Lieander entered the grand hall of the palace with his little 
red cap on his head, and was of course inyifdble. As soon as 
he caught sight of Furibon listening, he took a nail and a 
hammer and nailed his ear to the door-post. Furibon, dis- 
tracted, raved and thumped at the door like a madman, 
uttering piercing shrieks. The queen, at the sound of his 
voice, ran to open the door to him, and in so doing pulled off 
her son's ear. He bled as if his throat had been cut, and 
m^de a hideous grimace. The queen, inconsolable, sat him 
in her lap, took up his ear, kissed it, and stuck it on again. 

Leander took a handful of twigs which were used for whip 
ping the king's little dogs, and rapped the queen's knuckles 
'and the prince's nose with them. The queen called out she 
was being murdered, massacred. The king stared, the attend- 
ants rushed in, no one was to be seen, and it was whispered 
about that her majesty was out of her wits, and that it must 
be from grief at seeing Furibon's ear torn off. The king 
believed the rumour, and avoided the queen when she ap- 
proached him. The scene was altogether very amusing. The 
merry Sprite gave Furibon another good switching, and then, 
quitting the apartment, he went into the garden and became 
visible. There he boldly gathered the cherries, apricots, and 
strawberries, and the rarest flowers in the queen's parterre,  
those she took special care of herself, and which it was death 
to touch. The gardener, thunderstruck, ran to tell their ma- 
jesties that Prince Leander was stripping the fruit-trees and 
plundering the flower-garden. " What insolence ! " exclaimed 
the queen. " My little Furibon, my dear poppet !  forget, for 
a moment, the pain of your ear, and run after that wretch ; 
take with you our guards, our musqueteers, our police, our 
courtiers. Place yourself at their head, and cut the traitor into 
coUops." Furibon, excited by his mother's words, and followed 
by a thousand men well armed, hurried into the garden, and 
saw Leander under a tree, who flung a stone at him, which 
broke his arm, and pelted his troops with oranges. They rushed 
upon Leander: but he instantly became invisible, and step- 
ping behind Furibon, who was already in a sad plight, passed 



78 PRINCB SPRITB. 

a cord between his legs, which threw him on his nose. Thej' 
picked him up, and carried him to bed exceedingly ilL 

Leander, satisfied with this revenge, returned to where his 
people awaited him, distributed money amongst them, and 
sent them back to his castle, not wishing any one to accom- 
pany him who might be acquainted with the secret of the 
little red hat and ^e roses. He had not made up his mind 
whither he would go. He mounted his beautiful horse called 
Gnsdelin, and allowed him to take whatever road he pleased. 
He passed throu^ woods and plains, over hills and valleys, 
without number, resting occasionally, and eating and sleeping, 
without meeting with anythiDg worthy of notice. At length 
he came to a forest, in which he stopped and dismounted, for 
the sake of a little shade, the day being very hot The next 
moment he heard some one sighing and sobbing : he looked 
all about him, and saw a man, now running, now stopping, 
now uttering cries of despair, then silent, tearing his hair, and 
striking himself violent blows. There was no doubt he must 
be some miserable madman. The prince, touched with com- 
passion, accosted him. " I see you," said he, ^' in so pitiable a 
condition, that I cannot help inquiring the cause, and offering 
you any assistance in my power." " Oh, my lord," answered 
the young man, "there is no remedy for my misfortunes. 
This very day my beloved is to be sacrificed to a jealous old 
wretch, who is very wealthy, but who will make her the most 
miserable person in the world." " She loves you, then ? " said 
Leander. " I may flatter myself she does," replied he. " And 
where is she?" continued the prince. "In a castle at the 
further end of this forest," answered the lover. ** Well," said 
Leander, " wait here for me ; I will shortly bring you some 
good news." So saying, he put on the little red hat, and 
wished himself in the castle. He had scarcely arrived, when 
he heard a strain of sweet music ; and on entering the build- 
ing, it echoed with the sound of violins and other instru- 
ments. He walked into a grand hall, filled with the relations 
and friends of the old man and the young lady. Nothing 
could be more lovely than the latter; but the paleness of 
her cheeks, the melancholy imprinted on her coimtenance, 
and the tears which occasionally filled her eyes, sufi&ciently 
expressed her grief. Leander, become an invisible spirit, 
placed himself in a corner, to watch the persons who were 



PRINCE SFBTTE. 79 

present. He saw the &ther and mother of this beautiful girl, 
who in whispers scolded her for the disinclination she mani- 
fested, and then returned to their places. The Sprite glided 
behind the mother, and said in her ear,  '^ As thou dost con- 
Btrain thy child to give her hand to this old baboon, assure 
thyself that within a week thou shalt be punished by death." 
The woman, terrified at hearing a voice and seeing no one, 
Eind still more so by the threat it uttered, gave a loud shriek, 
BUid fell on the floor. Her husband asked what was the 
Knatter with her. She explained that she should be a dead 
woman if her daughter's marriage took place, and that she 
would not consent to the match for all the treasures in the 
world. The husband was inclined to laugh at her, and treat 
her as a dreamer; but the Sprite approached him, and said, 
^'Incredulous old mau, if thou dost not believe thy wife, it 
will cost thee thy lifa. Break ofif this match, and give thy 
daughter immediately to him she loves.^ These words pro- 
duced an astonishing effect The intended bridegroom was 
Etbruptly bowed out, on the excuse that they broke off the 
match solely in obedience to commands from heaven. He 
doubted, and attempted some chicanery, for he was a Nor- 
Enandy man;^ but the Sprite shouted such a terrible " Aha !" 
In his ear, that it almost deafened him; and, to settle the 
tnatter, trod on his gouty feet hard enough to crush them. 
So they ran to seek out the lover in the wood. The Sprite 
awaited his coming with great impatience,  ^his young mis- 
tress alone could feel more. The lovers were ready to die with 
joy. The banquet which had been prepared for the old man's 
nuptials, served for those of this happy pair; and the Spiite, 
Tesuming his visible form, appeared suddenly at the hall- 
door, like a stranger who had been attracted by the sounds of 
festivity. As soon as the bridegroom perceived him, he ran 
and flung himself at his feet, calling him by every name his 
gratitude could suggest. Leander passed two days in their 
castle, and might have remained there if he had chosen, for 
they offered him all they were worth in the world. He left 
such good company with much regret. 

(1 ) Normandy is libeHed sadly in France. 
" Faisons tour de Norman; 

D6disons-nous."  La Fontaine, " Les Trnqneurs.'* 
 Le Normand meme alors ignorait le parjure."-BoiLEAU, Episi. ix. 



80 FKNcz sma. 

He cvdc::!'.:^! ':i:d ^uroir. ami nacfaed % great dty, ir 
wiiu-Q -:hrv liTihi s - .iei! vito delictiied in filUnig her cant 
-.ta thd f-.i-.-* r".g MccLe in ber kingdom. LeiiKkr,a 
h: irr.T^C mz i: tai zn-xt ^Modid equipage Uwt mta eis 
>Mn. Ke anl .d;r:: sbuj hia rose, and obtain as moA 
iKoiwy M u w-iac^d :'.-r. I: a cht to imagiDe tbati I 
tiik;:iUL'c:ie. j-^i:^, v.tit. aad abore all, magnificent thi' 
^;.hVLt jj^i iriixvsKs raxived him with a thoueand mart 

Th'd vviir^ Wis ocii i?f th inv^et gallant in the uniiOM. 
No: to be :'^ l.'ve va* to Iw rldiouK'Us- Tjhtij^^^t deaiied to 
tv r-.i iiw fadhi'.'s. a=i tintrwd he cculd amuHe himself b; 
(':ill-.-.: J -.:; l.ve. ;i=d ibu wbta he departed be could leave ba 
l<a!e:.-u bf:::v.d hioi a iRuilj as hia equipage. He cast Ui 
o'cis o <,".'.< ^<i ;Le t:'.iei;c'* maids of honour, who iras called tb 
K'auiif.ti IvosJ.i-^e. ^.e v:i$ a tvit accomplished penon, batn 
t\ild anil A> jraTe. tLi: he was puzzled how to gain her bmat. 

Ho gavtf ^uoLn'^iini: Ivtcd ia ho' honour; balla and plaji 
ovt-rv e\vaiii^: )'iv>u^hc her the lareet pieeenta firom eraj 
{dri of ttio clobv: biiT nothing seemed to more her, and tba 
iiiiTi' i'.'.vi;:;V:\';;( sho apjieared to him, the more he exited 
b'lusi'i;' ti> ;>',oa-v her. What fiiscinated him atill more 
till' bAwi ;ii;it sho iiad never loved anyone. To be eatdtfied 
i-ii tins yo'.i'.i, it iwumM to him to try the power of his naa 
Ho I'laoisl it, j(-stiii^t_v, on the bosom of Blondine, and i 
iiii'iluitolv. fivfh auil blooming as it was, it beoame &ded and 
wiilioroil. It nt.'i.'deil nothing farther to convince Leante 
lliitt ho h:>d a iroured rival. He felt the mordfioatiai 
kiH'iilv. and tu have ocular demonstration, he that eve 
u'ioliiil liiiuaclf in filondine's ^artment He iw a mua 
iiiiiip.liiit.i, will! waa one of the iiglieat beings possible Hi- 
limil.'il iliitMi tir I'lKir veraes which he had composed &r hcq: 
lliii iv.iriU and air of wliich were equally detestable; but " 
uiijiiyoil tlient as if tbey were the finest ihisge she bad *.^ 
Iiwrd la ber lifi^ She praised all bia frantio grimaoe^ wt 
iiiiiuli was dra taken with him; and finally permittad te 
HI1.I11- fiJW (n kiaahfjr hand. The outraged Spnta fii 
' ''  impertinent musician, and, pushing I 

'h-n balcony, threw him into the gui 
- it--iJi iie had left in bis head. 

u fin BloudiuB she could not li 



PfilNCE SFBTTE. 81 

been more aBtonieihecL She thought the musician himself 
possessed by a demon. The Sprite glided out of the apart- 
ment without disoovering himself, and returned immediately 
to his own lodgings, whence he wrote to Blondine, reproach- 
ing her as she deserved. Without waiting for her answer, he 
departed, leaving his splendid carriage and horses to his 
equerries and gentlemen. He paid the rest of his people 
handsomely, and mounted his &ithful Grisdelin, determined 
never to love again after the trick that had been played him. 
Leander rode away at fuU speed. He was for a long time 
a prey to griei^ but reason and absence gradually worked a 
cure. He arrived at another city, where he learned that 
a great ceremony was about to take place that very day, on 
the occasion of a yoimg maiden being admitted into the order 
of Vestals, although contrary to her own inclinations. The 
prince pitied her. It seemed as if his little red hat was given 
him expressly to repair public injuries and console the afflicted. 
He ran to the temple. The young creature was crowned 
with flowers, dressed in white, with her hair flowing on her 
shoulders; two of her brothers led her by the hand, and her 
mother followed her, with a large company of both sexes. 
The eldest Vestal was in waiting at the gates of the temple. 
At this moment the Sprite shouted, "Stop! stop! Wicked 
brothers! Eeckless parent! Stop! Heaven is opposed to 
this unjust ceremony. If you venture to proceed you shall 
be crushed like frogs." 

They stared about them without being able to discover 
whence proceeded these terrible threats. The brothers said 
it was the lover of their sister, who had hidden himself in 
some hole to play the oracle ; but the Sprite in great wrath 
took a long stick and inflicted a hundred blows on them. 
I The stick was seen to rise and fall on their shoulders like a 
bammer upon an anviL Nobody could doubt that the blows 
were reaL Terror seized the Vestals, they fled, and everybody 
followed their example. The Sprite alone remained with the 
jotmg victim. He quickly took off his little hat, and begged 
to know how he could assist her. She told him, with more 
courage than one would have expected in a girl of her age, 
that there was a knight to whom she was not indifferent, but 
that he had no fortune. Leander shook his rose so much that he 
left with them ten millions; they married and lived very beiip^iVj. 

' a 




=s ^^ va i^ faeip. one of 
~ .-':it i bmuK and ^kn 
:J^'"  wp:ii *I ten 



PRINOS SPRITE. 83 

ot being able to imagine how lie bad been made a 
bout seeing any one. In tbe meanwhile Abrico- 
e opportunity of escaping, although she knew not 
;o run. Leander missing her, called three times 
., who being in a hurry to obey his master, got rid 
'obbers that pursued him with a couple of kicks, 
he skull of one, and breaking three ribs of the 

sprite was now only anxious to rejoin Abricotine ; 

appeared to him very pretty. He wished to be 
as, and instantly found himself in the presence of 

was so very much fatigued that she was cling- 
trees every moment for support. When she saw 
ivancing so gaily, she exclaimed, "Good, good; 
le horse that will carry Abricotine back to the 
jasures ! '* The sprite heard her plainly enough; but 
ot see him. He rode close up to her, Grisdelin 

1 she jumped up. The sprite caught her in his 
)laced her gently before him. Oh, what a fright 
yas in, to feel herself in the grasp of somebody, 
)dy ! She did not dare to move; she shut her eyes, 
e some fearful goblin. She uttered not the slightest 
Prince, who had always the nicest sweetmeats in 
n his pockets, tried to put some in her mouth; 
her teeth, and kept her lips as close as possible. 

1 he took off his little red hat, and said to her, 
icotine, you are very timid, to be so much afraid 
is I who released you from the hands of the 
Ihe opened her eyes and recognised him. '* Ah ! 
id she, " I am greatly indebted to you. It is true, 
1 alarmed to find myself in the power of an 
ing.*' *' I am not an invisible being,** replied he, 
ipB, your sight was troubled at the moment, and 
; ofaaerye me.** Abricotine believed that it must 
BO^ thon^ ahe was naturally shrewd enough, 
g ohatted fbr some time on indifferent subjects, 
^fA ite weaU tell him her age, her country, and 
Wtiiiuue abe had fellen into the hands of 
t'Wfcte.too mnoh obligation to you," said she, 
luring yonr oorioeitj; but I intreat you, my 
aer the sf locd of our journey of more importance 



It toll 




" A (Wiry, wIia in wcknoB viBWfrhaAm fV^^t   
wi4v w lov with % oortain prinee^ tint, ahbomjh Ati 
lli%it ilMry whf^ hua <Ttr baaaiigikcpoqgli to kw<^ jtotf ti 
liriHiUi^'fit rnnny him, in mto of all the odiv ftin^ 
uiiiVMiig)y n)mimtr4 to Dcr the wrong At did to 
iM\W. TUty wntM not allow her to dwD 
Miy litniior ; mu) lUl fih<^ oould do was to build 
Dtfkr ih0 ^vnAnm cf their kingdom. But the 
lUAiricnl liKtoMne wmutt of her. He was enn| 
IVinhkuowUtM i>f air hi* aotiona. Hie inetent 1m ^^^i 
liMuii likiiin^ for another, she flew oat at him fifca a finTt !*' 
uhaii^l lite K\\^t^ ^ hi* admiration from the moafc 
liennu) U\ the iigliett fH^t in the world. 

** Tlie |irii)oe Andii\g aiich an exoesB of affiMtioii 
inoiinvcmiuiut., w^^nt lyff tHKi fine morning with post li 
travel Itiil a vttry, very p>Mt diatanoe, in order to hide 
in a iloap t^ava at tha lHttt4Mn of a monntain, idierB riM 
not Ih) alila to find him. He was not snooeBBfoL She H^ 
lowetl him, and informed him that ehe should ehosltybeeM 
a mother; ooi^jured him to rotum to his palace; pronuH' 
tlmt bho witiiUl givo hini money, horses, dogs, arms, bnild a 
ri<lin^-8cliool, nnil a tonnia-oinirt, and lay out a mall for to 
ilivorhiun. All tluM Imil no ofibct on him, he was natonDy 
obstinato and a libortino. ilo siid a hundred harsh things to 
her, and called her an old witoh, and a hobgoblin. * It is for- 
tunate for thoe,' said aho, * that I have more sense than tboii 
hast ftilly ; for I could tnxnsforni tlioe, were I so inclined, into 
a cat that should be continually squalling in a gutter, or into 
ft vilo toad sputtering in the mud, or into a pumpkin, ot a 
Hcroooh owl ; but the greatest punishment I can inflict on 
thoo is to abandon thee to thy own humours. Eemain in thy 
liolo, in thy gloomy cavern with the bears, call around thee 
the ntujryibouring shepherdesses; thou wilt learn in time tho 
diflToronoo between beggarly peasants and a fairy, who can 
rondor herself as charming as she pleases.' 

!* ^*^*^ j"^^<^iately entered her flying chariot, and departed 
Jlral"* ^'T. "" ^''^' '^Q moment she reached home, she 

f3s a,?^ ^LT P^^^ *^ ^ ^"^^'^ t^^^g out of it all the 
^uaros and oftioors, and taking into her service women of 

^^^^^ce^whom she set-to watch the shores of the 
^otly that no man could possibly enter it. ^e 



I 



! 



\ 



PEINCE SPBITE. 85 

named ibis spot the Isle of PeaceM Pleasures, asserting con- 
iltantly, that it was impossible to enjoy sucb in the society of 
the male sex. Sbe brougbt up ber daughter in this opinion. 
There never -was so beautiful a creature. Sbe is the Princess 
whom I serve; and as all tbe purest pleasures reign around 
her, nobody grows old in ber palace. Young as I look, I am 
more tban two hundred. When my mistress grew up, ber 
fidxy mother gave ber the island, with many excellent lessons 
how to live Imppily. She then returned to Fairy Land, and 
the Princess of Peaceful Pleasures governs ber state in an 
admirable manner. 

** I do not remember having seen, ever since I was bom, 
any other men tban the robbers who carried me off, and you, 
my lord. Those ruffians told me they were employed by a 
certain ugly and misshapen person, called Furibon, who was 
in love with my mistress from seeing only ber portrait. They 
prowled about the island, without daring to set foot on it. 
Our Amazons are too vigilant to let any one enter it ; but as 
I have charge of the Princess's birds, and accidentally let her 
beautiful parrot fly away, fearing her displeasure, I impru- 
dently quitted the island in search of it. The men seized me, 
and would have carried me away with them but for your 
assistance." 

*^ If you have any gratitude," said Leander, " may I not 
hope, beautiM Abricotine, that you will enable me to enter 
tbe Island of Peaceful Pleasures, and gaze on this wonderful 
princess, who never grows old?" "Ah, my lord," said she, 
" we should be lost, both of us, if we attempted such a thing ! 
It is easy for you to forego the enjoyment of a pleasure you 
never knew. You have never been in that palace ; fancy there 
is none." "It is not so easy as you imagine," replied the 
Prince, "to root from one's memory things that have so 
agreeably occupied it ; and I do not agree with you that it is 
certain, that to enjoy peaceful pleasures you must absolutely 
banish our sex." " My lord," answered she, " it is not for me 
to decide that point. I will even confess to you, that, if all 
men resembled yourself, I should be of opinion that the 
Princess would alter the laws ; but as I have only seen five, 
and found four of them so wicked, I conclude that the bad 
far out-number the good, and that it is, therefore, better to 
banish them all." 




r^hf Tmimsa 'van ic jury ^ai 

 _ 

iiriKmW9L 'UA JUrU. XLtt ^m^ffpfiv 



of otttn^fti 

A2ifeB:rj yvr^'Jirxucur ixisiT 3rC]y ijhuwi > Hie mmuniiiflHli 
s.zii 'fjvvui^.'jiA rj! fc trcrrrr >ir^ ^MherdesKS irhh tiuir 

lcris ; t--; i.-.uvji;b-: C tijsse Tir^.-us sribvcts there was not 
 Eiiut i^y.^K V, fjt **>t?ii It:. Tisfc Bv"* K"^  Dot eyea. a poor 
l;nk <; J V.;. 7*x*t ^n.rr's irraui i^^aiissat* bar tniant husbtod 
Umi r':ftid:f/t;d L?r xi*erd^efiE to his wbo]e sex. 

' Abri^yAiii* }^ ar^ dwseired me^ swd the Prince to him- 
mlf. " 'J'U very idea of man is banished from this spot" 
U't u isee jf ii be much a loeer bv it. He entered the palace, 
aiid JxiJieJd at every step such marvels, that having once oart 
his eyes on thm, he ouuld not withdraw them without a 
struggle. Ibe intrinsic value of the gold and diamonds was 
tnfliiig cr,mi>arcd to tbat of the art which had been employed 
llS^i??' I ^^^7,^:^i<>^ ^^ met with groups of ^ntle, 
i W l^f "^;" ^^' ^^*i^  ^^^ HepaiedtS>uA 
Sfi? ^ V"^ apartments, some filled SiTtiTtoS 

5S5ch WmlS^of ^^^^^ Pli^i others, the walls of 
rtSSwITt^^^ ^ transparent that the daylight 

W md there were also some of amber and of ^5 



7BINCE SPBITE. 87 

Japis loMtUi, of agate, of cornelian; and the Princess's own 
apartment was entirely of looking-glass, for it was impossible 
to multiplj too much, so charming an object 

Her throne was formed out of a single pearl, hollowed in 
the shape of a shell, and in which she could sit with perfect 
ease. It was hung round with lustres, ornamented with 
rubles and diamonds; but all this looked less than nothing 
beside the incomparable beauty of the Princess. Her infantile 
air combined all the simple grace of the child with the 
dignified manners of the educated woman. Nothing could 
equal the softness or the brilliancy of her eyes. It was 
impossible to find a fault in her. She smiled graciously on 
her maids of honour, who on that occasion had arrayed them- 
selyes as nymphs for her entertainment. As she missed Abrico- 
tine, she inquired where she was. The nymphs replied that they 
had sought in vain for her ; she could not be found. Leander, 
dying to speak, assumed tiie tiny voice of a parrot (for there 
were seyeral in the room), and said : " Charming Princess, Abri- 
cotine will soon return; she would have been carried off, but 
for a young prince she met witL" The Princess was sur- 
prised at this speech of the parrot's, for the answer was so 
much to the purpose. " You are a very pretty little parrot," 
said she, "but you are evidently mistaken; and when Abri- 
cotine comes, she will whip you." " I shall not be whipped," 
replied Leander, still imitating the voice of the parrot. " She 
will tell you about the anxiety of the stranger to be per- 
mitted to enter this palace, and disabuse your mind of the 
^sdse notions you entertain respecting his Bex" ^ Really, 
parrot," exclaimed the Princess, "it is a pity you are not 
always so entertaining; I should love you dearly." " Ah ! if 
to please you, it be only necessary for me to talk," replied 
Leander, " I will never cease speaking." " Why I" continued 
the Princess, "would one not swear this parrot was a sor-r 
oererl" "He is more a lover than a sorcerer," answered 
Leander. At that moment Abricotine entered, and flung 
herself at the feet of her beautiful mistress. She related her 
adventure, and drew the Prince's portrait in very vivid and 
&vourable colours. 

" I should have hated all men," she added, " if I had not 
seen that one. . Oh, Madam ! he is so charming ! His air, 
and all his manners, have in them something so noble, so 



jntoflMjiBtt, mad m wytiUaf fct igf m wimmi uilj lygi 
I think I iumdDiit^vf zi^ in m4 tB^giii|^ Mni lit 
The riinf aid wita vd abooft tiMk; but eootiiiii 
qtMttkm Al i t icutitt t iwpMtq^ Aa IMintj ImUnn di 
not knomhoB dumv hk iBuly;hna k ouM^vUtb 
WM going; and llnnDy ihn Ml iBi a pratead TCfveria 

liMndcr iMUTovlj otewad awjAi^^ mm iwntiwni 
iipMik  he had begun. <*AfaffieoiinaiB^gmlcAi], Maid 
mid he. '^Thie poor abrangarvm dia oTniBf if ka di 
AMjroiL" " Well, paxxol, let him dia An,' npliad the : 
M>Mi irighing, ''and aa thoa jawiimiBt to tolk on tbii m 
llkd a rational penoo, and not lika a fitOe biid, I fiDcfaid 
(ivi>r to apeak to me again about thia abrangar." Leandn 
rlmrine<l to eee that the woida ef Ahneotine and ol 
|iiirr<tt liad made such an i mpro aB i on on the Piinmna. He % 
oil hi^r. witli A delight which made him fivget the oat 
|^tit ^kvn iipvor to love again ao long aa be Irred. Cerfa 
^\\v\v (HMilil bo no oompariaon between the Prineeaa and 
,*oHMh, Womline. " ! it ponble,* said be to himaeli;  
^ \y\< \ysw\p\\^i9M^ of nature, thia wonder of oar time, ah 
I o ^A\ \W rn^r in nii inland where nobody dares approadi 
 ). " r^M^MnrnM ho, * wlint does it signify to me that allc 
, .1) -^tv IhiuIrIkhI. ninco I have the honour to be present 
^'[\ |o htfit*. to admiro her, and lore her, as I already d 
ii!,tt**'VioMt** 

If \\}\'^ it><<^: the Princess passed into a saloon of mi 
, A pt'tp^V^^'.^* wiioro several 8|Xirkling fountains in fidl 
\ .,) tnMUul \\w\\\ a delicious coolness. As soon as she 
. "^, I tss\ \^\v\'\\\\v cimimenced, and a sumptuous supper 
, \ i imI **^* *'t**^* '^i**^^ ^^f ^1^^ saloon wore ayiaries, fiill of 
M,l*i *' wi*Uh MnUvtiue had the care. 

\ \^x\\s\\\'^ \^>\^^ avH\u\r\Hl during his travels the art of 
\\\\\\x\ Mu'i* \*^*vM\'t uoh>?: ho imitated even such as ^ 
w I \\\\'\s' ^*^*^' Turnvw Ustouovi. Iwkod, was astonished, 
\\ \v\\s\\\\ y\'^^' ^^^'^^ <^^^* ^**^^*^^* *^^^^ approached one of 

\ys I \ \^^\\\\\^ \\'^\\^\s\\ \\is\( a loudly again, and assui 
\\\. \ A\'V ^^ *^ ^'^*'^^ ^ ^'**^^ ^^ "^^^ ^^'^ fi^wing words t 



FBINCE SPBITE. 89 

The Princess, still more surprised, sent for Abricotine, and 
susked her if she had taught one of the canary-birds to sing. 
She repUed, No, but that she thought canaries might Mrlj 
be supposed to possess as much intelligence as parrots. The 
Princess smiled, and believed that Abiicotine had given the 
birds lessons in private, and returned to the table to finish 
tier supper. 

Leander had worked sufficiently hard to have acquired 
I good appetite. He drew near to the banquet, the odour of 
i^liich alone was invigorating. The Princess had a blue cat, 
i Tery fiishionable appendage at that period, and which she 
^as exceedingly fond of: one of her maids of honour carried 
t in her arms. ** Madam," said the maid of honour, ** it is 
ny duty to inform your highness that Bluet is hungry." They 
seated the cat at the table with a little gold plate before it, 
ind a napkin of lace, very tastefully folded. The cat had a 
K>llar of pearls to which was appended a golden bell; and with 
ixe air of a gourmand it began to eat. " Oh, oh ! '* quoth Leander 
x> himself " a great blue tom-cat, who probably has never 
saught a mouse in his life, and who is assuredly not of a 
setter faxmlj than I am, has the honour to sup with my 
beautiful princess ! I should like to know if he loves her as 
veil as I do ; and if it is fair that I should only enjoy the 
onell, while he munches the tit bits." With that he quietly 
ifted up the blue cat, placed himself in the arm-chau:, and 
ook the animal in his lap. Nobody observed him, of course ; 
10 w could they?  he had on his little red hat. The Princess 
)iled up the golden plate of Bluet with partridge, quail, and 
)heasant. Partridge, quail, and pheasant, disappeared in a 
noment. All the court agreed, never had a blue cat been 
Lnown to have such an enormous appetite. There were some 
ixcellent ragouts on the table. Leander took a fork, and 
lolding forth with it the cat*s paw, he helped himself to the 
agouts. Sometimes he took rather a large quantity. Bluet 
lid not understand joking; he mewed and tried to scratch 
ike a wild cat. The Princess desired the servants to hand 
his tart or that fricassee to poor Bluet. " Observe how he 
ries for it!" Leander laughed in his sleeve at this absurd 
dventure ; but he was very thirsty, not having been accus- 
omed to sit so long at table without drinking. He caught 
old, with the cat's paw, of a great melon, which a I 



Ui y-ir. s^iirr 



1 1 III-,"' 



'"' ' ' '"' '""^^' '^'^-4 ii^T over li ^ 4 

II..- I'r '*-* ""7'-i  -  H.' V* ' ^'*^'**U8 nectar. 

I..|I.. hrr ^ZM : KMi ::.. . -r. ..,,.:,-; W 1 ** 

 . - ..^-,'-- -M >. . ,, **^ "^t thou hut 



\ 



I .. ..M...I (. T.-: - ^..^ sin-.  f.,r L.^i, ^^^^ ^ 
. .. |. ynur "l'.;:t. Mad^n^. :if.j,:a-.i Abricotine. ^ 
. .. i .liiiw.I pri, aaa saw alreadr The luni her mStreaB's 
. . fiv t.ikiii-r.) siijiK:siiig he liad cvice hither to ad- 
.  Mul.rs ..f this lK?autiful pkoe, wha: harm couJdit 
. : c.. X nu / Do you desirv to lyznain for ever uik 
N .vinor of the world, hidden from ,J2 q^^ 
.  it v:ihio is so much grandeur, pomp and 
 ...iy soe it?" -^Poacv: Peace I httle 
..; s< :  trc-iible not the 1-appv ^pose 
X X : ..:. '.r^a years. Dosr thou imagine, 
. :..:; .I'.cr.t hfe I could hare existed 
:.-.. v>:i:t and tranquil pleasures 
. V :..'.-, v.^: r.-t read in the best his- 
. .. : .:. ;. -rvs. the unforeseen blows 
. ; \;:ssos of love. the pangs of 
: > :: that occasions all these 
"^ ; v.: ::.e intercourse between 

.,'.;.: , :: cf my mother, I am 
W'. v.: heart-aches, I cherish 
. T l.ve, nor hatred. Ah! 
.:-: happy indifferencef 
:hi Princess waited a 
V .; h.-.vi nothing to say. 
 .:;!.! it had been veiy 
:V.;irt^ss to the courts 
:; Tiould only make 

'^^" -yig to see her, 

^^^'^V , >;-n.-.rod;* "Not with- 

al s t.^. I wish that my 



91 

pditrait shooid hJl into tihe faiadi of this stnnger, irbosie 
Mine I am igiKxmat oL^ *^ Oh, MadMn."" replied Abnoodne, 
^ IB not his desire to behold tou aLreftdr safficienthr rident t 
Woold yon incresse itP- ^Tes!* erdaimed the Princoss; 
*a oertsin feeling of Tinitj. unknown to me till now, has 
given birth to that wish.* Lesnder listened to til this with* 
out losing a word. Serenl expressions gsTe him the most 
flattering hopes, while the next moment othen seeoKd to 
duiitniij them entirely. 

It was late j the Princess entered her bed-diamber to retire 
for the night Tjeander would have been too happy to follow 
her to her toilette ; bat, although it was easy for him to do 
90f the respect he oitertained for her was sufficient to prevent 
liini. He felt he ought not to take any liberties beyond what 
he mi^t feiriybe allowed, and his love was of so delicate and 
refined a nature, that he tormented himself most ingeniously 
respecting the yeriest trifles. 

He entered a cabinet, dose to the bed-chamber of the 
Princess, to enjoy at least the pleasure of hearing her voice. 
She was at that moment asking Abricotine, if she had seen 
anything extraordinary in her little journey. " Madam,** slie 
replied, " I passed through a forest, in which I saw some 
animals resembling children; they jumped and dauoed u^x^n 
the boughs of the trees like squirrels; they are very ugly, 
but their dexterity is incomparable." ''Ah, how I should 
like to have some T said the I^rincess ; *' if they were less agile 
one might possibly catch some of them." 

Leander^ who had also passed through this forest, knew 
perfectly well Abricotine must mean monkeys. Immediately 
he wished himself there : he caught a dozen large and small, 
and of various colours, put them with consideralDle difficulty 
into a great sack, then wished himself at Paris, whore he had 
heard say anything could be had for money. Ho wont to 
Dautel, who is a virtuoso, and bought of him a littlo coach 
entirely made of gold, to which he attached six green mon- 
keys, with flame-coloured morocco harness mounted >vith 
gold. He then went to Brioche/ a celebrated puppet-show- 
man. He found there two very clever monkeys. The iiK^st 
intelligent was called BriscamlDille, and the other Perce foi'ot ; 
they were both exceedingly polite and well educated. Ilo 

(1) See note to p. 65. 



r . . *' 

f ::'^- 

I'r:ri' 

J no 1- 

Ma'l-' 

ill li- 

!in'l  
* I ii: 

liiiii 
vfis ' 
thrn 
inir.' 

llJlV- 

mor 
iiifif 

I 1.. 
if J 

SO .' 

tor! 
of i 

til. 
cx 

no 

fo) 

A\ 

SI 
Ul 









tM 









VflB 



T- -.. 



::^ ..: T- 



'I'S* 



. I.> >4 



j: v.zh- 






;ji 



. :r:I^rrr of 
wilful and 



PRINCE SFBICE. 98 

IbcKoug than an j he had ever seen. There was a bed iu 
h gold and green gauze fumitnre, looped up in festoons 
^pes of pearls, and tassels of rubies and emeralds. It 
mty light enough for him to examine and admire the 
TOzifuy magnificence of this piece of furniture. Having 
M the door, he fell asleep ; but the thoughts of his 
ml princess disturbed his slumbers,. and he awoke fre- 
If Bi^ng forth her name. 

^tae so early that he had time to grow impatient before 
htb arrived that she was visible, and looking about him, 
Mved a canvas prepared for painting, and a packet of 
t& He inunediately remembered what the Princess had 

Abricotine about her portrait ; and, without losing an 
it, he sat down before a large looking-glass, (for he 
)d better than the best artists of his time,) and took his 
ortrait; he then drew in an oval that of the Princess, 
r features were so vividly impressed on his heart, that he 
) occasion to see her for the first sketch. He finished 
rtndt afterwards from the fiiir original without her per- 

1 him, and as the desire to please her gave a charm to 
our, never was there a picture so admirably painted, 
i drawn himself kneeling and holding the portrait of 
incess in one hand, and in the other a scroll, on which 
itten. 

Her image is more perfect in my heart. 

in she entered her cabinet she was astonished to see the 
I of a man. She riveted her eyes upon it in still 

surprise when she recognised her own, and read the 
tion on the scroll, which afibrded her ample food for 
fcy and conjecture. She was alone at that moment, 
idd not tell what to think of so extraordinary a circum- 

but persuaded herself that it must be Abricotine who 
id her this delicate attention. She now only wanted 
rtain whether the picture of this cavalier was merely a 
one, or if Abricotine had really seen such a person. 
30 hastily, and ran to call her. Leander was already in 
Dinet with his little red hat on, anxious to hear what 
be said on the subject. 
Princess desired Abricotine to look at the picture, and 

her his opinion of it. The moment she cast her eyes 
b, she exclaimed, " I protest, Madam, it is the liker'^'^" 



94 PRINCfi SPRITE. 

of that generous stranger to whom I owe mj life ! yes, 'tis he, 
I cannot be mistaken. There are his features, his form, his 
hair, his carriage P ^' Thou feignest astonishment," said the 
Princess, smiling; "but it was placed here by thysiBlt'' "By 
me, Madam!" replied Abricotine. "I swear to you I never 
saw this picture before in my life. Am I capable of con- 
cealing anything from you which it would interest you to he 
acquainted with) And by what miracle could it come into 
my possession 1 I have not the least knowledge of paintings- 
no man has ever entered this island, and yet here are your 
united portraits." " I tremble with fear," said the Princess; 
"some demon must have brought this painting Either!" 
"Madam," said Abricotine, "may it not have been Love! 
If you think I am right, I will venture to give you a little 
advice. Let us bum the picture immediately." " It would 
be such a pity," said the Princess sighing; "methinks my 
cabinet could not be better adorned than by this painting." 
She looked at Abricotine as she uttered these words ; but Uie 
girl continued to insist they ought to bum an article that 
could only have been brought there by magia " And these 
words," said the Princess, " * Her image is more perfect in 
my heart,* must we bum them also?" " We ought to spare 
nothing," replied Abricotine, " not even your own likeness." 
And so saying, she ran off to fetch a light. The Princess 
turned away to a window, unable to gaze any longer on a 
portrait which produced such an impression on her heart; and 
Leander, who did not choose his picture should be burnt, took 
this opportunity of removing it unobserved by the Princess. 
He had scarcely quitted the room with it, when she turned to 
take another look at the charming form which had so &8(a 
nated her. What was her surprise at its disappearance! 
She hunted all round the room for it. Abricotine returned, 
and was asked if she had removed it. She assured her she 
had not, and this last adventure completely terrified them. 

As soon as Leander had hidden the portrait he returned to 
the cabinet. It was exceeding pleasure to him so frequently to 
hear and see his lovely princess. He dined every day at her 
table with the blue cat, who was certainly not the gainer by it; 
there was, however, much still wanting to Leander's happiness, 
as he dared neither speak in his own voice, nor make himself 
' able. It is rarely that we love those we have never seen. 



P&INCE SPRITE. 03 

The Prinoess had a taste for eyerything that was heaatiful. 
In the present state of her heart she needed amusement 
One morning when she was surrounded by her nymphs, she 
observed that she had a great desu^ to know how the ladies 
dressed in the Tarious courts throughout the world, in order 
that she might select the most becoming and tasteful fashion 
for her own. Leander wanted no other inducement to 
range the universe. He .pushed his little red hat almost 
over his eyes, and wished himself in China. He bought the 
richest stuff he could find there, and took copies of all the 
dresses. From thence he flew to Siam, where he did the 
same thing. In brief, he visited the four quarters of the 
world in three days; and as fast as he could load himself he 
returned to the Palace of Peaceful Pleasures, to hide what he 
had purchased in one of the apartments. When he had 
thus collected an infinite number of curiosities, (for money 
was nothing to him; his rose famished him with it in- 
cessantly,) he went and bought five or six dozen dolls, 
which he had dressed in Paris; the place of all the world 
in which fashion has most temples. The dolls exhibited 
every variety of national habits, and all of unparalleled 
magnificence. Leander arranged them in the cabinet of the 
Princess. 

When she entered nobody was ever more agreeably sur- 
prised. Each doll held a present in its hand ; either watches, 
bracelets, diamond buttons, or necklaces : the most prominent 
bore a miniature case. The princess opened it, and foimd the 
portrait of Leander. Her recollection of the other painting 
enabled her to recognise it instantly. She uttered a loud 
exclamation ! then looking at Abricotine, said to her, " I am 
at a loss to understand what has happened in my palace for 
some time past My birds talk rationally. I seem to have 
only to form a wish to have it instantly accomplished. I 
have been twice presented with the portrait of the person 
who saved thee from the robbers ; and here is a collection of 
rich stufis, diamonds, embroideries, lace, and innumerable 
ether rare and costly things. Who is the fairy, or who is the 
demon, that takes the trouble to render me all these agreeable 
services?" Leander hearing her say this, wrote the following 
lines on his tablets, and threw them at the feet of the 
Princess :  



06 VnSSCE SPRITE. 



I am boOct ttead Bor &y. 

Only an vahM^jj lorcr. 

Who dare not hinuelf diieoTer-~ 
Pity me, at leaat, yon may ! 

PmorcB SruTX. 

The tablets irere 8o brilliantlj omamented with gold and 
jewels that they caught her attention instanilj; she opened 
them, and read with the greatest astonishment what tbe 
Prince had written on them. " This invisible being mnst be 
a monster,** she exclaimed, '* since he dares not show himself; 
but if it were true that he had some afiection for me, the 
presenting me with so touching a portrait shows he cannot 
have much delicacy. He must either not love me, to subject 
my heart to so painful a trial, or he has too good an opinion i 
of himself and believes that he is sur more fescinating." *^ I 
have heard say, Madam," replied Abricotine, "that sprites 
are composed of air and fire  ^that they have no corporeal 
substance, and that it is only by their inteUigence and their 
desires that their existence is msmifested." " I am right glad 
to hear it," rejoined the Princess; "such a lover cannot 
greatly disturb my tranquillity." 

Leander was delighted to hear her, and see her so occupied 
with his portrait. He remembered, that in a grotto to which 
she frequently repaired, there was a pedestal intended to 
support a statue of Diana, which was still in the hands of the 
sculptor. He placed himself on it in an extraordinary habit, 
crowned with laurels, and holding a lyre in his hand, on 
which he could play better than Apollo. He waited im- 
patiently for the coming of his Princess, according to her 
daily custom. It was the spot to which she retired to 
meditate upon her unknown adorer. Abricotine's account of 
him, joined to the pleasure which the contemplation of his 
portrait had occasioned her, combined to rob her heart of 
rest. She found a charm in solitude, and her joyous disposi-. 
tion had undergone such a change that her nymphs could 
scarcely recognise their mistress. 

As she entered the grotto she made signs to her attendants 
not to follow her. Her nymphs dispersed themselves in the 
various avenues. The Princess threw herself on a bank of 
turf. She sighed and shed a few tears. She even uttered 
some words, but in so low a tone that Leander could not 
catch them. He had worn his little red hat, in order that 




PBINCE SPBITE. 

should not see him on her entrance^ but he now K more 
Her surprise was excessive at beholding him. SheNdon." 
to be a statue, for he stood motionless in the attitude 
assumed. She gazed upon him with a mixed feeling dH 
and alarm. His unexpected appearance astonished her, 
in her heart pleasure soon conquered fear, and she began 
dmire a figure so lifelike ; when the Prince, to the accom- 
ment of his lyre, sung the following verses :  

What perils lurk in this enchanted spot ! 

Indifference the heart availeth not I 

Vain are the vows 1 made to love no more ; 

Hopeless, I give the unequal struggle o'er. 

Why call this realm the Isle of Peaceful Pleasure ? 

Who treads its shore, a slave thenceforth must sigh. 

Vanquish'd, I cease with Love my strength to measure ; 

Here, in his charms, I would but live and die I 

[elodious as was the voice of Leander, the Princess could 
master the terror with which the prodigy inspired her. 
turned pale and fainted. Leander alarmed, leaped from 
pedestal, and put on his little red hat, that no one might 
leive him. He raised the Princess in his arms, and used 
y means his affection and anxiety could suggest to recover 
She opened her beautiful eyes, and looked around her 
' in search of him. She saw no one ; but she felt some- 
Y was near her who pressed her hands, kissed them, and 
led them with tears. For some time she did not dare 
tk. Her mind was agitated between hope and fear. She 
ttbled at the sprite ; but she loved the handsome imknown, 
se features she believed it had assumed in the statue. At 
;th she exclaimed, "Sprite! charming Sprite! why are 
not the person I would have you be?" At these words 
ader was on the point of declaring himself, but still 
tated to do so. " If I terrify the object I adore," thought 
" if she fear me, she will not love me." These considera- 
s kept him silent, and induced him to retreat into a 
ler of the grotto. 

he Princess, believing herself to be alone, called Abricotine 

related to her the prodigy of the animated statue. That 

roice was celestial, and that when she fainted the sprite 

rendered her the kindest assistance. "What a pity," 

exclaimed, " that this sprite is deformed and hideous, f" 

H 



00 PRINCE SPRITE. 

.); run Ik) iiioro tender and amiable than its mamm' 
III who told you, Madam/' replied Abriootine, '^tbatttii 

t Did not THyche believe that Cupid was a serpentt Yov 
.idvontun^ n'M*niblo8 hers. You are not less beautiful If it 
yfvrx> C\\\Ad who lovca you, would you not return hispoarioBr 
" ir V\\yu\ and tliu unknown wore the same persony" saidtti 
IViiuvNM, blushing, " I should love Cupid; but such a ha^ 
nt'HM irt not in ston' for me. I am fescinated by a ohinieni 
and tho fatal portniit of tlmt stranger, joined to thy descrip- 
f iou of hiui, h:us oausini n revolution in my feelings so opposed 
to tlu' i^ivoopts of my nu>tlier, that I dread the punuAiinent 
it luav tutail on nio.** " Pray, Madam,** said AbriootiDfl^ 
intiTvuptini: her. "have you not already trouble enongb, 
w ithout ant uM)<\tini; ovils which will never occur f**  ^It iBeuj 
to nua,;)uo tho lioliiiht this ovMivorsation gave Leander. 

\\\ tho u\oau\\h:io littlo Furibon, still in love with tbe 
l*nuooss w'.thout havir.j: scon her, impatiently awaited ibB 
<\^(\m\ of tho fx'v.r oiv.*S'5\r:o* ho had despatched to the Idand 
.'f lV;\%vt\;* r',o;\s;;T\^ 0::c a!ono found his way back, and 
vi'.no V.:.v. ;r.\ ;K\vuv.: of ;-.r. tl.:".: luid happened. He informed 
!;  -. .:>. il./.: :':\.^ .>:.:. r. \v.-.s ,:itV::v:e'i by Amazons, and that 
A r,'. r ,' *: ,,..: . : a '..'^j^"* &n-v. he had no chance 

, V V > r., ' ,'r >^v.s '-,;<: .ii^.'.. and Furibon was there- 
v. \' . N , x \ '.>;,*. Mk ::; .."s.'*v.:o ix^wer over eveiythin^ 

'^ 'IT hundred thousand me^ 
There was a fine general! 









 ^- * 



Vn v. .  o; *:\ v,v\ K: *-.x'.*.i. c.ihor, have made a mnd 

;s,., :-. X ,-\vxv: ^fc* *v" hdL:Vi-Tard high. When tlw 

V. s V 'V .v"\vv,v, :>.* ir^"*: Jirnxy airanciDg, they gaw 

' ,*, ,v ,0 ,^o IVawxtisk *x- \"G rj:5 & n>cc::ient in sending the 

v i/ ;..; VN-wn:,^"' ^.^ :V V,rur3:ci cf ;iie Fairies to reqaeat 

lv' v^N^^K-^ V *i^>v  T," :i>f S sizft cf resssdi^ Furibon^ 

t^ViMkMii 1^ AHtmcte iMcn^ i^ Fi^ry exctwdin^ angiy. 

"^^ fc %^Wit <f aWiljrttJn^ Tiy aaa^ncc h done,* said aha 

^^^aiilir ) ia Wr mmw ; he Ictos her, and is 

k JM n^ c W )iMK sKcdSoent to defend 

I ^pmiiicc^ ^ Oc^ ^ idle  t has &taJ pom. 

ndlCuD^HN 4Ka6ii msdi 1^ aisdhief ha faaa 

iinm Ml iriNMmw ^vr tbr Vete I loved deanr 

dhl SMIi  Air aMffW ^ Abut! I cmnot 



?BINCE S?BIT. 99 

oppose them. Bego&e, Abriootine! I will hear no more 

of this girl, whose sentiments cause me so much afiliction." 

Abiicotine returned to the Princess with these bad tidings. 

It required little more to drive her to distraction. Leander 

was beside her, invisible ; her extreme distress caused him the 

greatest pain. He dared not speak to her at that moment ; 

but he recollected that Furibon was very avaricious, and that 

probably he might be tempted by a large sum of money 

to abandon his enterprise. He assumed the dress of an 

Amazon, and wished himself in the forest where he had left 

his horse. As soon as he called '* Grisdelin !" Grisdelin came 

leaping and prancing to him with great delight, for he had 

become very weary waiting so long for his dear master ; but 

hen he saw him in female attire, he could not recognise him, 

and feared at first he was deceived. On Leander's arrival 

at the camp of Furibon, everybody took him to be really 

an Amazon; he was so handsome. They informed the 

king that a young lady demanded an audience on the part of ^ 

the Princess of Peaceful Pleasures. He hurried on his royal 

robes, and seated himself on his throne, where one would have 

thought it was a large toad pretending to be a king. 

Leander commenced his address, by informing him that 
"the Princess preferring a quiet and peaceable life to the 
troubles of warfare, was willing to give him any sum of money 
he would name, provided he would not molest her; but that, 
at the same time, if he refused this ofifer, she should certainly 
defend herself to the extent of her power." 

Furibon replied, that " he was willing to take pity on her; 
that he would honour her by his protection; and that she 
had only to send him a hundred thousand thousand thousand 
millions of pistoles, and he would immediately return to his 
own kingdom." Leander answered, " that it would take too 
much time to count a hundred thousand thousand thousand 
millions of pistoles; but that he had only to say how many 
rooms full he desired; and that the Princess was too rich and 
too liberal to calculate so closely." Furibon was greatly 
astonished, that instead of endeavouring to bargain for a 
smaller sum, he was actually offered more; he thought to 
himself he would take all the money he could get, and then 
arrest the Amazon and kill her, in order that she should 
never return to her mistress, 

H 2 



100 PBINCaS SFBITE. 

He accordingly told Leander he required thirty yery krge 
rooms to be filled completely with gold pieces, and gave him 
his royal word that he would then retire with his army. 
Leander was conducted to the apartments selected to be filled 
with gold. He took the rose and shook it, and ahook it, 
so much, so much, that out of it poured pistoles, quadruples,^ 
Louis, gold crowns, rose-nobles,^ sovereigns,' guineas,^ sequina^^ 
in a perfect deluge. There are few things in the world to he 
seen more beautiful than a shower of gold. 

Furibon was in raptures, in ecstasies; and the more gold he 
saw, the more be longed to seize the Amazon, and catch the 
Princess. As soon as the thirty chambers were quite full, he 
called to his guards, " Arrest ! arrest that cheat ; she has 
brought me bad money." All the guards rushed forwards to 
fling themselves upon the Amazon; but, at the same instant, the 
little red hat was put on, and Leander had disappeared. The^ 
thought he had made his escape, and ran after him, leaving 
Furibon by himself Leander inmiediately seized him by 
the hair and cut off his head, as if it had been a chicken's^ 
without the wretched little king ever seeing the hand that 
dealt the blow. 

As soon as Leander had severed the head, he wished him- 
self in the Palace of Pleasures. The Princess was walking in 
the gardens, meditating sadly on the message she had re- 
ceived from her mother, and on the means bv which she could 
repulse Furibon ; a difficult matter, considering she had no 
other troops but a few Amazons, who could not possibly 
defend her against four hundred thousand men. 

Suddenly she saw a head suspended in the air, without 

(I) The Spanish gold doubloon, called quadruple in French, because it was equal 
in value to four Louis, or eighty francs. 

(S) The rose-noble, an appropriate coin to issue from such a mint, was the old 
English gold coin of Edward III.'s reign, first caLed rose-noble in that of Henry VIILi 
to distinguish it from the new George noble, struck by the latter monarch. 

(S) The sovereigns here mentioned were Austrian gold coins of the yalue o^ 
thirty-three francs nine centimes, or about twenty-ight shillings English. There 
was, however, a gold sovereign coined in England in the reign of Henry YII. The 
modem Austrian sovereign is of much less value. 

(4) The guinea in Madame d'Aulno3r*s days was a new coin. It wa^ first tmckin 
the year 1664, and took its name from the gold of which it was made, being brought 
from Guinea by the African Cmnpany. It was originally only a twenty-shilling 
piece; its increased value occorring from the subsequent scarcity of gold, in the 
nign of William and Muy, at one period of which it passed for thirty shillings. 

(5) The sequin (lecchino) is a gold coin still current in Italy and the Levant, and 
Tixiet greatly in Tilue. In Tuscany it is worth about 10s. 64. English. 



PRINCE SPRITE. 101 

^Bppearing to have anything to sustain it ; a prodigy which 
rttotonished her so much, that she knew not what to think of 

- It, It was still more astounding when she saw the head laid 
 it her feet by an unseen hand. At the same time she heard 

- 4 voice which said to her,  

- " Fear no more, charming Princess, Furibon will never 
, liarm you." 

^ Abricotine recognised the voice of Leander, and exclaimed, 
** I protest. Madam, the invisible being who speaks to you is 
r the stranger who rescued me ! " The Princess appeared equally 
. sarprised and delighted. " Ah ! " said she, " if it be true that 
the sprite and the stranger are one and the same, I confess 
it would give me great pleasure to prove to him my grati- 
tude." The Sprite replied, " I will labour still more to de- 
serve it." With that he returned instantly to the army of 
Furibon, through which the news of their king's death was 
spreading rapidly. The moment he appeared among them in 
lus usual dress, every one ran to him, officers and soldiers 
surrounded him, uttering loud shouts of joy. They acknow- 
ledged him as their king,  that the crown belonged of right 
to him. He liberally allowed them to share amongst them- 
selves the thirty chambers full of gold, so that the whole 
army were made rich for ever; and after several ceremonies, 
which guaranteed to Leander the fidelity of his troops, he 
flew back again to the Princess, leaving orders with his army 
to return by easy marches to his own dominions. 

The Princess had retired for the night, and the respect 
which Leander had for her prevented his entering her apart- 
ment. He went at once to his own, for he had always slept 
in the lower one. He was sufficiently fatigued to need repose, 
and in consequence forgot to fasten the door as carefully as 
usual. The Princess suffered from heat and anxiety. She 
rose before dawn, and descended in dishabille to the lower 
apartment. But what was her astonishment to see Leander 
asleep on the bed ! She had plenty of time to examine his 
features without being seen, and to convince herself that he 
was the person whose portrait she possessed in the diamond 
box. " It is not possible," said she, " that this should be 
a sprite; for do sprites sleep? Is this a being composed of 
air and fire, occupying no space, according to the description 
of Abricotine?" She gently touched his hair; she lister 



102 PRINCE SPRITE. 

to his breathing; she could not tear herself away from him. 
One moment she was in raptures at having found him ; the 
next she was alarmed at the consequences. Just as she was 
most earnestly gazing upon him, the Fairy, her mother, entered 
with such a tremendous noise that Leander awoke, and started 
to his feet. What was his surprise and affliction at seeing his 
Princess in the depths of despair ! Her mother was dra^mg 
her away, and loading her with reproaches. Oh, what misery 
for these young lovers ! They saw themselves on the point 
of being separated for ever. The Princess dared not say a 
word to the furious Fairy, she looked only at Leander, as if 
to implore his assistance. 

He knew well that it was not possible for him to release 
her from the grasp of so powerful a person; but he sought^ 
by eloquence and by submission, to touch the heart of ^e 
irritated mother. He ran after her, threw himself at her 
feet, implored her to have pity on a young king whose love 
for her daughter was unchangeable, and whose greatest felicity 
would consist in rendering her happy. The Princess, en- 
couraged by his example, embraced her mother's knees, and 
declared to her, that without the king she could never be 
happy, and that she was under the greatest obligations to him. 
"You know not the degradation of love,V cried the Fairy, 
" and the treachery of which these gay deceivers are capable. 
They captivate but to poison us. I have too dearly proved 
it! Would you incur a destiny like mine?" " Ah, Madam!** 
exclaimed the Princess, " is there no exception? The assur- 
ances which the king gives you, and which seem so sincere, 
do they not satisfy you that I may safely trust him? " The 
obstinate Fairy allowed them to sigh at her feet. In vain 
her hands were bathed with their tears ; she appeared im- 
penetrable ; and no doubt would never have forgiven them, if 
the amiable Fairy, Gentille, had not appeared in the chamber 
more brilliant than the sun. The Graces accompanied her, 
and she was followed by a troop of Loves, Sports, and Plea- 
sures, who warbled a thotisand new and charming songs, and 
frolicked about like children. 

Gentille embraced the old Fairy. " My dear sister," said 
she, '' I am sure you have not forgotten the good service I 

dered you when you desired to return to our kingdom, 
out my assistance you would never have been reoeivfld 



PBINCE SFBITB. 103 

in it, and sinoe that time I have never asked jou any fayour 
Id return; but the moment has arrived when you can grant 
me an essential one. Pardon this lovely Princess, and con- 
not to her union with the young king. I will answer for his 
SdeHty. Their days will be as a tissue of gold and silk. The 
Diance will afford you the greatest satisfaction, and I shall 
Beyer forget the pleasure you will give me." " I consent to 
nothing you wish, charming Gentille ! " cried the Fairy. 
" Come, my children, come to my arms ; receive the assur- 
ance of my affection." With these words she embraced the 
Princess and her lover. The Fairy (Jentille was in raptures of 
joy, and all her train commenced singing nuptial hynms, the 
Bweet symphonies of which awoke the nymphs of the palace, 
who came running, in their light robes of gauze, to ascertain 
what was passing. 

What an agreeable surprise for Abricotine! She had 
scarcely cast her eyes on Leander when she recognised him, 
and seeing him holding the hand of the Princess, she doubted 
not an instant of their mutual happiness. The confirmation 
of it was the declaration of the Fairy mother that she would 
transport the Island of Peaceful Pleasures, the palace, and all 
the marvels it contained, into Leander's dominions; that she' 
would reside there with them; and that she would confer 
many greater gifts upon them. " Whatever your generosity 
may suggest to you. Madam," said the king to her, " it is im- 
possible yoa can make me a present equal to that bestowed 
upon me to-day. You have made me the happiest of men, 
and I feel convinced that you will find me also the most 
grateful." This little compliment very much pleased the 
Fairy. She was one of the old school, in whose time people 
would compliment each other all day long on some thing as 
trifling as the leg of a fly. 

As Gentille had thought of everything, she had caused to 
be transported to the palace, by the power of Brelic-breloc,^ 
the generals and captains of the army raised by Furibon, in 

(1) Literally, "without order," "any how," "higgledy-piggledy" "brelid-bre- 
loque," " sans ordre, inconsideremment;" but it is used in this instance as a substan- 
tive, implying whim, caprice, fancy, illusion ; the term "breloque" signifying a toy 
gewgaw, whim-wham; and "berloque," derived from the same root, illusion or con- 
fusion of the senses. " Avoir la berlue," is to see double, to be dazzled ; and 
*' battre la breloque," signifies to talk wildly, to be confused, to lose one's head, 
" 6tre tout d6rout6." "Berloquer" is also used to express trifling away time, which 
Kom of my readers may think. I am doing at the present moment. 



104 

order that Umj B%bt vitiMM the iphndid 
to giTe CO thit ooonrion. She took enonncrat ptiirii abw 
and five or aix TolimMi would not soffioe to ocmtamftttr 
eription of the ooinediei openui^ riunings at the ring^ 
combats of gladiaton^ huntings and otiher magnifiowit 
sions, which took pJaoe at these charming nuptiaUk '^ 
singular circumstance was, that each imnph fiyond 
the brsTC officers whom Gentille had waned to these 
regions, a husband as passionately attached to her as if 
had known her fer ton years. It was neverthekei coif < 
acquaintance of four-and-twenty hours, but the little ym^ 
a Fairy could produce effects eren still more extnusdioiiy* 

Where have y Sed ye happj daje. 

When, by the power of % Fttaj, 
Good folks might 'ecepe % thousand mqrt 

Out of the vety worst qusodarj f  
When, with a cap or Sow*r, one might 

Make any change, play any gambol,  
Inrisible, see etety si^t. 

And round the world, through athar, xunblet 
L^uider a rich rose poesess'd. 

Which yielded mtmtj without measioe; 
Another rose the wearer Uess'd 

With perfect health a greater treasure; 
A third he had, which you must know, 

I think, was less to be desired,  
The truth or fklsehood it could show 

Of the fair lady he admired. 
Alas t to such a case as this 

The old quotation well applies  
In loTe, if  ignorance is bliss, 

TIs,- indeed, " foUy to be wise " 



PKINCESS PEINTANIERE. 



pon a time there was a king and a queen who had 
ildren^ but they all died; and the king and queen 
ery, very much afflicted, that it was impossible to 
3, for they possessed considerable property, and only 
ildren to inherit it. Five years had elapsed since 
I had given birth to her last infant. Everybody 
be could have no more, because she fretted so exces- 
en she thought of all the pretty little princes she 

^h, however, the queen found she was likely to 
her. Day and night she passed in thinking how 

best preserve the little creature she was about to 
the world,  what name it should bear,  ^what 
hat dolls, what toys she should give to it. 

been proclaimed by sound of trumpet, and bills 

posted up in all the highways, stating that all 
mrses should present themselves before the queen, 
aight choose one for her child. Accordingly, behold 
ve from the four quarters of the world; nothing 
seen but nurses with their babies. One day as the 
J taking the air in a great forest, she sat down, and 
e king, " Let us send for all the nurses hither, and 
B, for our cows have not milk enough to supply food 
lese little children." " Most willingly, my dear," 
ing: *^come, let the nurses be summoned!" Lol 
y all appear, one after the other, making a fine 

the king and the queen ; after which they place 
s in a row, each standing under a tree. When they 






^1 *... . -4'jci K^:ii:Xjgt l**fi CTisL * SeBBL. ^lOL XEMD 
/ -.v 4^.. . .   ..I ',*-. ux lUlUit-UlUliiT r?CE*.- 1 **ill i 

ii.j../.!/. v/ i\^'A * TiA uiHTj :uL VLnuKL jiiiBii^ q 

hm. *j-': ;,.,/>/; t^cr^xi ^ 'jla ii.ixrw iff a iss^ in 

'i^ tytfj.h^ >#// f.;ii^i *>AM/i to Ukfnk afaonc her, 
h^t*/i.:>4,t. tt'ttK*',. \mt U*<: jr>fUibtiJke was appoinCeiL a 1 
':.i/'.mI, i^lM^lf itrffn tuft$tJ:siUA \/tueKth some ffWK, bit] 
H>'l kIii. fi.ll liiiwit M if <l<;fi/l. The qoeeiiy much gr 
II  III i.f.ii|i.iii, Midi Imr iiytm on another. Immedia 
tiil>< Mint, tlyhiff willi It tortoiito in its talons, and dn 
"M iiti. in.til III ilui jiiiiii- iiiii'Hd, which was shivered t 
III"-  hi>>'< *l'lu |iiiMm, hiill inoro iifflicted, called fo 
llul tm.n.. wUm, ui lu*r Uwvvy to mlvancc, stumbled 
* ilU'ikv.|. |\iU t) Umij (h\>i'UN, mul knocked out oa 
v.^*'^ ' \\\\" v(U>\i ihv* \)mvu " I mu most unfortu 
vU U u iu^*\VMiUv\ tia uks> C\* \'Kv.H>s^> a nurse without 
H\^^ *N^^^^v^ ^wi^s^Uis^: \ ^^^^s^i U\^vv %lw ai^r to my ph; 
A* ^^tll'^^T V^^ ^VVVMM tv^ ^b^ iH^Vi h^ heard peals c 
Wi\ 7*W^ Wn^^vs^ *^ ^>i^ bvWa iK^r tbid wicked oh 

SMlS* \!^*^ "^^^ '"^^ ^'^'^ ^ i^ ""^"^ *^^ swaddled 
**^^ MW MWWV>ito Ukv\>Ki4,i tiW whoiu c\.ttipany, an 

iiK\^ il^^u i^ .V4si \vM.u Ki, itvau^ aasured 
V%MlljK v^ 4i Uux !u,^a.vV \v '.ae curses; 
j^^>^;^*\^^ -^ 'W* u^kvi, Suui^wu the dw 
w^V^ \iUi\U^iva .u^v- .w ^tuuioc ot are. 
^'MSj>''*'^^ v^^ *u*:A*^.vua horrible 



PBINCESS PBINTANIEBE. 107 

ome brimstone into her broth. From that moment 
Iwajs sought an opportunity to be revenged." The 
)gan to weep. " If I coidd have guessed who she 
1 she, " I would have tried to make a friend of her. 

I wish I were dead ! " When the king saw her so 
Hicted, he said to her, " My love, let us go and con- 
rhat step we should take ; " and led her away, sup- 
ler by the arm, for she was still trembling from the 
X) which Carabossa had thrown her. 

the king and queen reached their apartments, tHey 
id their counsellors, caused all the doors and windows 
-efully closed, that nobody might hear a word that 
red, and came to the resolution to invite all the 
>r a thousand leagues round to be present at the birth 
lild. Couriers were despatched immediately with 
jO letters to the Fairies, requesting them to take the 
3 attend the queen's confinement, and to keep the 
great secret ; for they trembled at the idea of Ca- 
hearing of it, and coming to make some disturbance. 
urd for their trouble, they were each promised a 
.e^ of blue velvet, a petticoat of amaranth velvet, a 
ippers of crimson satin, slashed, a small pair of gilt 
ind a case full of fine needles. 
)n as the couriers had departed, the queen set to 
h all her maids and servants, to prepare the presents 
promised the Fairies. She knew a great many, but 
inswered their invitation. They arrived at the very 
the queen gave birth to a little princess. Behold 
3kly closeted to endow her with precious gifts. The 
>wed her with perfect beauty ; the second bestowed 
Inite wit; the third, the feculty of singing admirably; 
if the talent of composition both in prose and verse, 
fth was about to speak, a noise was heard in the 
like that of the falling of a huge stone from the top 
)le, and Carabossa appealred all begrimed with soot, 
iing as loud as she could, "I endow this little creature 

 With ill-luck in plenty, until she be twenty! " 

36 words the queen, who was in bed, began to cry, 
Carabossa would have pity on the little Princess. 

Jacket or pelisse of the Hungarian fashion; whence its name. 



I i I 



I 

li 



 I. 



V " ' 



I'll t .  . ,  : . . . '-'.- ,i-s 
I 



 ' I".' ; Ji. ; r .. 



.  :.*>."-  



  



I I .'. r  



\ Mi'l ..f..-,v MO t.ll ar. i ha; 
r  M iM.^,., ..,^y hi!r without crvi: 



I ... I 

 .1 ..I 




PBINCESS PRINTAIHEKE. 109 

time was approaxshing for her to leave the tower, and they 
were desirous that she should be married. She only wanted 
four days of being twenty. The court and the city were in 
great delight at the prospect of the speedy liberation of the 
Princess ; and their joy was increased by the news that King 
Merlin wished her to be the wife of his son, and that he had 
sent his ambassador, Fan&rinet,to propose for her in due form. 
The nurse, who told the Princess all the news, informed 
her of this, and assured her that nothing in the world could 
be a finer sight than the entry of Fanfarinet. " Ah ! how 
unfortunate am I!" exclaimed the Princess. ''They coop 
me up here in a dark tower, as if I had committed some great 
crime. I have never seen the sky, the sun, and the stars, of 
which they teU so many wonders. I have never seen a horse, 
a monkey, or a lion, except in a picture. The king and queen 
say that they will take me out of this place when I am twenty ; 
but they only say so to make me patient, and I am certain 
they will let me <fie here, without my having done anything to 
offend them.** Thereupon she began to cry so much  so much 
 that her eyes swelled as big as one's fist; and the wet-nurse, 
and the foster-sister, and the cradle-rocker, and the dresser, 
and the nursery-maid, who all loved her passionately, began 
also to cry so much  so much  that nothing was to be heard 
but sobs and sighs. It was a scene of utter despair. When 
the Princess, saw them worked up to such a pitch of grief, 
she seized a knife, and exclaimed, '' There ! there ! I am de- 
termined to kill myself instantly, if you do not find means to 
let me behold the grand entry of Fanfarinet I The king and 
queen will never know anything about it. Decide amongst 
yourselves, whether you had rather I should cut my throat 
on the spot, than that you should procure me this gratifi- 
cation!** At these words the nurse and all the others recom- 
menced crying still more bitterly, and resolved unanimously 
that they would enable her to see Fanfarinet, or die them- 
selves in the attempt. They passed the rest of the night in 
proposing various schemes, without finding any that were 
feasible, and Printaniere, who was almost out of her wits, 
continually exclaimed, " Never again try to make me believe 
that you love me 1  ^you would find plenty of ways if you did. 
I feel convinced that love and friendship could overcome every 
obstacle!" 



-t- 



: :l:tl cf g 
: :.* *-=;: c- ini so i 
Us --^ t-ij.: the sun 
 j^-"~ rTinvanien 
jljtsc-: vLi: sLe could 
: r i sicn nme, \ 
zzxsc "L-jsbAnl than 
T-i* 2^:- probability 
' ~ no ambition; 
-S-. abe ooold live Ter 
:. 3. flome ooontiy obi 



~^ .'^M Ji^^A 




PRINCESS PBINTANIEBE. Ill 

^ They bad commenoed attiring her, when a dwarf arrived 
2^ at the tower, moimted on an elephant. He came from the 
^ fire good Fairies, who had endowed her on the day she was 
 bom. They sent her a crown, a sceptre, a robe of gold bro- 
^ eade, a petticoat of butterflies' wings of the most wonderful 
2 workmanahip, with a casket still more marvellous; so stuck 
^. fidl was it with jewels, it was accounted priceless ; and such 
^ a mass of riches had never been seen before. The queen was 
^ rtady to feint with admiration; as to the Princess, she looked 
^ upon it all with indifference, for she could think only of 
^ Fan&rinet The dwarf was thanked, and had a pistole given 
4 him to drink, and upwards of a thousand ells of nonpareil of 
all sorts of colours, with which he made himself very hand- 
some garters, a bow to his cravat, and another for his hat. 
This dwarf was so very diminutive, that when he had all this 
riband on, you could not see him at all. The queen told him 
aha would find something very beautiful to present in return 
to the Fairies; and the Princess, who was very generous, 
wnt them several German spinning-wheels, with spindles 
made of cedar. 

They dressed the Princess in all the greatest rarities that 
had been brought by the dwarf, and she appeared so ex- 
tremely beauti^ that the sun hid himself for shame, and the 
moon, who is not over-bashful, did not dare peep out while 
the iSincess was abroad. She proceeded through the streets 
on foot, over rich carpets, the people crowding round her, 
and exclaiming, " Oh, how handsome she is 1 Oh, how hand- 
Koneshe isl** 

As she passed along in this pompous array, with the queen 
and four or five dozen princesses of the blood-royal, not to 
mention upwards of ten dozen who had arrived from various 
nei^bouring states to assist at this fite, the sky began 
to cloud over, the thunder growled, and rain and hail fell in 
torrents. The queen drew her royal mantle over her head, all 
the ladies did the same with their upper petticoats, and 
Printaniere was about to follow their example, when a 
noise was heard in the air of more than a thousand ravens, 
loreech-owls, crows, and other ill-omened birds, who by their 
croaking and hooting boded nothing good. At the same 
moment a horrible owl of prodigious size came flying at full 
qpeed, holdiDg in his beak a scarf of spiders-web, embroidered 



112 FBIKCESS FKCTTAMEBE. 

with batA* wiogs^ and let it Mi upon the shonldefs of Prin- 
taniere, amid long and loud shrieks of laughter, which, proved 
too surely that it was a wicked trick of the Faiiy GaraboBBS. 

At this melancholy sight eTeirbodj b^an to weep, and the 
queen, more afficted than any one, tried to pull off the hh/k 
scarf; but it seemed nailed to her dau^ter's ahoulden 
'' Ah ! " cried she, '' this is our enemy^s doing! Nothing caa 
appease her ! In vain haye I sent her fifty pounds of sweet- 
meats, as much double-refined sugar, and two Mayence hama; 
they hare gone for nothing with her ! ** 

Whilst thus the queen gare Tent to her sorrow, the whob 
company got wet through to their skins. Printaniere, think- 
ing of nothing but the ambassador, hastened on without say- 
ing a single word. Provided she could but charm him, she 
cared neither for Carabossa nor her unlucky scarf She won- 
dered to herself that he did not come to meet her, when 
suddenly she saw him advancing in company with the king. 
Inmiediately the trumpets, drums, and violins executed a 
lively flourisL The shouts of the crowd were redoubled, and 
the general manifestations of joy were extraordinary. 

Fan&rinet had considerable sense; but when he saw the 
beautiful Printaniere in all her grace and majesty, he was so 
enchanted that, instead of speaking, he could do nothing but 
stutter ; one would have thought he was tipsy, although he 
certainly had taken nothing but a cup of chocolate. He was 
in despair at finding that he had forgotten, in the twinkling 
of an eye, an oration he had studied every day for many 
months, and that he was so perfect in, he could have spoken 
it in his sleep. 

"While torturing his memory to recover it, he kept bowing 
profoundly to the Princess, who, in return, made him half-ar 
dozen curtsies without any remark. At length she com- 
menced the conversation ; and to relieve him from the em- 
barrassment in which she perceived him thrown, she said, 
"My Lord Fanfarinet, I can easily imagine that all your 
ideas are of the most charming description. I give you 
credit for the possession of infinite wit. But let us hasten to 
the palace. It pours in torrents; it is the wicked C^irabossa 
who is drenching us in this way. When we are once under 
shelter, we may laugh at her malice. " He replied, with much 
gallantry, that the Fairy had wisely foreseen the conflagrar 



PRINCESS PRINTANIERE. 113 

tion such bright eyes were certain to cause, and had sent 
a deluge of water to keep it under. With these words he 
offered her his hand to lead her to the palace. She said to 
him, in a whisper, " I entertain sentiments for you which you 
-would never imagine, if I did not express them to you myself. 
It is not without some pain that I do so : but ' honi soit qui 
mal y pense.' Know, therefore, my Lord Ambassador, that 
it was with admiration I saw you mounted on your beautiful 
dancing horse ; that I regretted you came hither on any 
person's account but your own. If you have as much courage 
as I have, we wiU not fail to find a remedy for this evil In- 
stead of marrying you in the name of your master, I will 
marry you in your own. I know that you are not a prince ; 
but you please me as much as if you were one. We will fly 
together to some safe retreat. It will make a great talk for a 
time, and then some one will do the same thing, or worse, and 
the world will leave me alone to talk about her, and I shall 
have the gratification of being your wife." 

Fan&rinet thought he was dreaming, for Printaniere was 
a princess of such marvellous beauty and accomplishments, 
that but for this extraordinary fancy, he never could have 
hoped for such an honour. He was unable even to answer 
her. Had they been alone, he would have flung himself at 
her feet; he took, however, the liberty of squeezing her hand 
O hard that he hurt her little fiilger desperately; but she 
<tU not ety out, she was so exceedingly fond of him. 

Ai ahe entered the palace, it resounded with the music of 

li^ifaoimnd diEerait mstruments, with the strains of which, 

#H ii b ot ahilOBt oelertial blended in such exquisite harmony, 

djlpi Ite Ikteaertl ^oed Boaroely breathe for fear of making so 

ImMIi HldM'fla ir<mld drown the softest note of it. 

'''.,'jLAer ikm Idng had kiarad his daughter on the forehead 

0A'aik hoUk ohedlB^ he said to her, " My pretty little lamb, 

Ipbr h6' odlad her % all aortB of endearing names,) will you 

liilir- ba' glAd- to many the iioti of the great King Merlin*^ 

Here is Iiovd Eimfiunnet, who will be proxy for him, and con- 

'u to the finest kingdom in the world." " Certainly, 

'id she, making him a low curtsy, "I will do 

^u please, provided my good mother consents." 

. 1 , 7i , ' ^'ng," said the queen, embracing her. " So, 

^ ^^i' ; p the dinner,"  ^which they did directly. 

I 



PBIXCESS PKINTAMKRE. 

Tkara vtn a hundred tables set out in a great gallety, gad 
in Uie nmnocj of m&n never did people eat so much, witii 
lite exoepbon of Mntaiiiere and Fantariiict, who cared only to 
took t ouh outs', and were bo lost in tlieir own thoughti 
that tbej forgot eroiythiag around them. 

AfW the banquet, there was a ball, a ballet, and a play; 
but it was itlraady so late, ami tbey bad eatcu bo much, thai 
uolwithstmtding all thia, the comptmy slept as the; stood. 
the king and queen, overpowered with sleep, flung themselvM 
on a oouoh, the majority of the ladies and gentlemen snored, 
the musioiana played out of time, and the actors did not 
knc^F what they were saying. Our lovers only were aa hvely 
as mice, and made a hundred httle signs to each other. The 
princet^ seeiug there wns nothing to fear, and that the guards 
stretched on their straw-beds, were as fast asleep as the ree^ 
said to Fanuinet, "Take my advice, let ua profit by so 
favourable an opportunity, for if I wait for the mairiaga 
ceremony, the king will place ladies in waiting about me, and 
appoint a prince to acoompany me to the court of your King 
Merlin. We had better therefore be off at once as quick as 
we can." 

She rose and took the king's dagger, the hi]t of which iraa 
encrusted with diamonds, and the queen's head-dross, which her 
majesty had taken off in order to sleep more comfortablj. 
She gave her white hand to Fanfiuinet for him to lead her 
forth; he took it, and putting one knee t^i the ground, "I 
swear," suid he, "eternal fidelity and obedience to your high- 
aeei. Great princess, you sacrifice everything for me, what 
would I not do for you!" Tlicy quitted the palace; the 
nmbasandor carried a dark-lantem, aud through very muddy 
Idiicfi tlicy made their way to the port. They got into a tittle 
boat in which a poor old boatman lay fast asleep. They 
awoke him, and when he saw the princess so beautiful and 
finely dressed, with so many diamonds, and her scarf of 
spider's web, he took her for the Goddess of the Night, and 
fell on his knees liefore her; but as they had no time 6x 
trifling, she ordered him to put off immediately. It was at 
great risk, for there was neither moon nor stars to be eeen; 
the akj was still cloudy with the remains of the stcwm 
^ *d raised. It is true there was a carbuncle in the 

'raas^ which gave more light than fifty flAmbeaa:^ 



PKINCESS PBINTANIEBE. 115 

and Fan&rinet (according to report) might have dispensed 
with his dark-lantern. There was also in the head-dress a 
precious stone which could render the wearer invisible. 

Fan&rinet asked the princess whither she wished to go. 
" Alas ! " she replied, " I would go with you ; I have no other 
desire in the world" " But, Madam," rejoined he, " I dare 
not conduct you to the dominions of King Merlin. Hanging 
would be too good for me there." " Well," said she, " let us 
go to the Island of Squirrels ; it is sufficiently distant to pre- 
vent your being followed" She ordered the boatman to 
make for it, and although his boat was a very little one, he 
obeyed. 

As day began to dawn, the king, the queen, and all the 
court, having shaken their ears and rubbed their eyes a little, 
thought of nothing but proceeding to the marriage of the 
princess. The queen, in a great bustle, asked for the rich 
head-dress she wanted to put on again. They looked for it 
in all the cupboards, and hunted for it even in the saucepans; 
but no head-dress was to be found. The queen, very uneasy 
about it, ran up stairs and down stairs, into the cellar and 
into the garret. It was not to be found. 

The king, in his turn, wished to wear his brilliant dagger. 
With the same diligence they rummaged for it every corner, 
and broke open quantities of chests and caskets, the keys of 
which had been lost for upwards of a century. They found 
a thousand curiosities in them ; dolls that shook their heads 
and moved their eyes ; golden sheep with their little lambs ; 
candied lemon-peel and sugared almonds : but all this could 
not console the king. His despair was so great that he tore 
his beard, and the queen, out of sympathy, tore her hair, for, 
truth to say, the head-dress and the dagger were worth more 
than ten cities as big as Madrid. 

When the king saw there was no hope of finding either 
again, he said to the queen, *' My love, let us take courage 
and hasten to finish the ceremony which has already cost us 
so dear." He inquired for the princess. Her nurse advanced 
and said, " My liege, I assure you that I have been seeking 
her these two hours in vain." These words crowned the grief 
of the king and queen. The latter began to scream like an 
eagle that has lost its young, and fell down in a swoon. Never 
was anything seen so distressing. They flung more than two 

i2 



118 PfilNCESS FRINTANIERE. 

rowed them a hundred golden crowns, bade him adieu, wam* 
ing him, as he valued the eyes in his head, not to say a word 
about them to any one. 

The first thing he met with was the king's fleet, which he 
no sooner caught sight of, than he tried to avoid it; but the 
admiral, having espied him, sent a boat after him, and the 
good man was so old and feeble, that he could not pull &st 
enough to escape. They soon came up with him, and brought 
him back to the admiral, who had hun searched. They found 
on him a hundred gold crowns, bran new from the mint; for 
they had issued a new coinage in honour of the marriage of 
the princess. The admii-al interrogated him, and to avoid 
answering, he pretended to be deaf and dumb. ** Aha l" said 
the admiral, ''tie me up this mute to the mainmast, and 
give him a sound lashing. It's the best cure in the world for 
dumbness." 

When the old man found they were in earnest, he gave in, 
and confessed that a girl, more like a celestial than a human 
being, accompanied by a gentle cavalier, had commanded 
him to row them to the uninhabited Island of Squirrels. 
The admiral, on hearing these words, concluded immediately 
that it was the princess, and ordered the fleet to make sail for 
and surroimd the island. 

In the meanwhile, Printaniere, weary after her voyage, 
finding a spot of green turf under some spreading trees, laid 
herself down, and fell into a sweet sleep; but Fanfarinet, 
whose hunger far exceeded his love, did not allow her much 
time for repose. '' Do you imagine, Madam," said he, waking 
her, " that I can remain long here ] I can find nothing to 
eat. Though you were fairer than day, I can't live upon 
love ; I must have some more substantial food. I have good 
sharp teeth, and a very empty stomach!" "Howl Fan- 
farinet," replied she, " is it possible that this proof of my 
affection for you has so little effect ? Is it possible that you 
can think of anything but your good fortune]" " I think 
much more of my misfortune," exclaimed the ambassador. 
" Would to heaven you were in your dark tower again l" 
" Fair sir," said the princess, kindly, " be not angry, I pray 
you; I will go and hunt about everywhere, and perhaps 
I shall find some fruit." " I hope you will find a wolf that 
will eat you up," said Fan&rinet. The princess, much grieved. 



PRINCESS PRINTANIERB. 119 

ran into the wood, tearing her fine clothes with the brambles^ 
and her white skin with the thorns. She was scratched as if 
she had been playing with cats. (This is what comes of 
loving young men ; it brings nothing but trouble !) After 
haying searched everywhere, she returned, very sad, to 
Fan&.rinet, and told him she had found nothing. He 
turned his back on her, and left her, muttering between 
his teeth. 

The next morning they made another fruitless search ; in 
short, they passed three days without eating anything but 
some leaves and a few cockchafers. The princess did not 
complain, though she was by far the most delicate. " I should 
be content," said she, " if I were the only sufferer, and should 
not mind being starved provided you had enough to eat." 
** You might die for what I care," replied he, " if I had but 
as much as I wanted." " Is it possible," rejoined the princess, 
" that you would be so little affected by my death ? Is this 
the end of all the vows you have made me 1 " " There is a vast 
difference," said he, "between a man perfectly at his ease, 
who is neither hungry nor thirsty, and an unhappy wretch 
at the point of death in a desert island." " I am in the same 
danger," continued she, " and yet I do not murmur." " You 
would do so with a good grace, truly," answered he, bluntly : 
" you chose to quit your father and mother, to come rambling 
about here !  Mighty comfortable we are ! " " But it was for 
love of you, Fanfarinet ! " said she, holding out her hand to 
him. " I could willingly have spared you the trouble," said 
he ; and thereupon he turned away from her. 

The princess, pained to the heart, began to weep so bitterly 
that it would have melted a stone. She sat herself down be- 
neath a bush covered with white and red roses. After having 
contemplated them for some time, she said to them : '^ How 
happy you are, young flowers ! The zephyrs caress you, the 
dew bathes you, the sun embellishes you, the bees love you, 
the thorns defend you. Everybody admires you!  Alas! 
must you enjoy more tranquillity than I !"  This reflection 
caused her tears to flow so plenteously, that the roots of the 
rose-tree were quite soaked with them : she then perceived, 
to her great astonishment, that the bush became agitated, 
the roses expanded into fuller bloom, and the mos.^\>e?^\xXA^\5X 
oue said to her : '^If thou hadst not loved, t\\y \o\. ^oxx^*^ 



120 PBINCESS PBJKTANIEBE. 

have been as enviable as mine. Who loves, moiirs the 
greatest of misfortunes ! Poor princess, thou wilt find in 
the hollow of that tree a honeycomb ; take it : but do not be 
simple enough to give any to Fan&rinet." The princess ran 
to the tree, scarcely knowing whether she was in a dream or 
wide awake. She found the honey, and the moment she had 
it, she took it to her ungrateful lover. " Here," said she, 
" is a honeycomb ; 1 could have eaten it all by myself but 
I preferred sharing it with you." Without thanking, or even 
looking at her, he snatched it from her and ate it all up, re- 
fusing to give her the least morsel of it He added sarcasm 
even to his brutality, saying that it was too sweet, and would 
spoil her teeth, and a hundred similar impertinences. Prin- 
taniero, more than ever afflicted, sat down under an oak, and 
addressed it in much the same strain as she had the rose- 
bush. The oak, touched with compassion, bent down to her 
some of its branches, and said, " 'Twere pity thou shouldat 
perisli, lovely princess; take that pitcher of milk, and drink 
it, without giving one drop to thy ungrateful lover.** The 
I>rincess, perfectly astonished, looked behind her, and imme- 
diately i>erceived a large pitcher full of milk. She could 
tliink of nothing from that moment, but the thirst which 
Fanfarinot might l>o enduring after eating more than fifteen 
louuds of honey. She ran to him with the pitcher: "Quench 
your thirst, handsome Faufarinet," said she; "but don't for- 
got to leave me a little, for 1 am parched and famishing!" 
llo took the pitcher rudely from her, made but one draught 
ot its ovnitonts, and then, flinging it on some stones, broke it 
to jMooos, sjxying, with a malicious smile, " When one hasn't 
oaten one isn't thirsty.'* 

The prineess el;isiH.\i her hands, and raising her beautiful 
eyes to heaven, oxolaimed. * Ah! I have well deser\-ed this! 
1 mu justly punisluHi for having left the king and queen! 
 for havinix s^> thoughtlessly loved a man of whom I knew 
nothing! for having' lied with him without considering my 
rank, or redivting on the misfortunes with which I was 
tlm^xiened by Can\lvss;U'' She then b^?in to weep more 
bitterly than sl\e had ever done in her life, and plunging mto 
the ihiokost jx^rt of the winni, she s:mk, exhausted, at the foot 
ot an elm, on a bnmoh of which ss\t a nightingale that sang 
marvellously the foUowiug wonls, fljipping his wings, as if 



PRINCESS PBINTANIERE. 121 

be sang tbem only for Printaniere. He had learned them 
expreealy from Ovid :  

*' Love is a wicked god. The little knave 
Ne'er grants a boon but to secure a slave ; 
beneath the cover of deceitful joys, 
His poison'd shaft the heart's repose destroys. 

**Who can know it better than I!" exclaimed she, inter- 
rupting the bird. *' Alas ! I am too well acquainted with the 
cruelty of his shafts and that of my fiite !" " Take courage," 
said the amorous nightingale, ''and look in this thicket; 
thou wilt find therein sweetmeats and tartlets from Le Coq's ; 
but do not again commit the imprudence of giving any to 
Fanarinet" The princess needed not this prohibition to 
prevent her doing so. She had not yet forgotten the last two 
tricks he had played her ; and besides, she was so very hun- 
gry, that she began at once to eat the almonds and the tartlets. 
The greedy Fanferinet, having perceived her eating by herself, 
flew into such a passion, that he ran to her, his eyes flashing 
with fury, and his drawn sword in his hand, to kill her. She 
instantly uncovered the jewel of the head-dress which ren- 
dered the possessor invisible, and, keeping out of his reach, 
reproached him with his ingratitude in terms which suffi- 
ciently proved that she could not yet positively hate him. 

In the meanwhile. Admiral Chapeau-pointu had de- 
spatched Jean Caquet, with his straw boots, Cabinet-courier 
in ordinary, to tell the king that the princess and Fanfarinet 
had landed on the Island of Squirrels ; but that, being un- 
acquainted with the country, he was afraid of ambuscades. 

At these tidings, which gave their majesties much joy, the 
king sent for a great book, each leaf of which was eight ells 
long. It was the masterpiece of a learned Fairy, and con- 
tained a description of the whole earth. The king learned 
thereby that the Island of Squirrels was uninhabited. " Go," 
said he to Jean Caquet, " and order the admiral in my name 
to land instantly. It was very wrong of him, and of me, to 
leave my daughter so long with Fanfarinet." 

As soon as Jean Caquet had returned to the fleet, the 
admiral ordered a grand flourish of di'ums, kettle-drums, trum- 
pets, hautbois, flutes, violins, hurdygurdys, organs, and guitars. 
There was the most desperate uproar, for all these musical 
instruments of war and peace were to be heard incessantly 



PRLVCESS PRIXTASIERE. 

(hronghimt tli slcmd. Alarmed by the noise, the princees 
tlaw ti> hvr loter to ofler htni her assistance. He vafl by no 
inontiN limve, and tbetr mutual danger quickly reconciled 
llivia " Keep behind me," eaid ebe to him, " I will go fiwt ; 
1 will UHTOver the jevrel tlmt renders the bearer iovisibie, and 
with my father's dagger 1 will kill all I can of the eaccay, 
whih yiitt kill the rest with your Bword." 

Tlw iu^iitibU' prinoees advanced to meet the soldiers. She 
lavA FVnfarinwt lulled numbera without being Been, Nothing 
Mft* hwrd hut cries of "I em Blflinl" "I am dying!" Tlie 
tIMMM turvit tu nun; they 1 :iig, for the princeaa and 

Imt MTir d&tod Ska dneks, luiu i balls passed over their 
^MtAk At tnflK ^ MfamtKl, luuvemed at losing eo nioDj 
HWIt tk W wAmmAmij ft BUmnc without knowing who 
^IMwkldt Ui^ or hsw to defend hi self, ordered a retreat to 
t^ M>wi>d,MlMtanHd ta hisehi).Qtohold a council of war. 

Ni^t WM tk^mfy te aidiiwed. The princess and Fan- 



%Mw4 *iMk nA|p u tk* ikitfcit port of the wood. Frinta- 
niM* M W ti>t tkMt At hj down on the gross, and vaa 
,tMk j>wyv**g vT ^ iAm^ vhm Aa heard a sweet little vuce 
'^V^^aM- *k twr <r, * Skv* tkys^ Piiotaniere, for Fantorinet 
v^^k( MtnkHr Ml ik*wtr tv : * Quickly opening her eyes, 
4m> W*^ ^ ^ U^ t tke Mifc eii^ tbo wicked Fanfiirinet, 
Q^ Ml MM aMdj nwd te fim ber bosom with bis 
HMst. ftci WSi[gwtTkip7,lwMtoneSB and plumpnesa 
\^\ *mn'*eA kaa ta IdO tti mt km. She no longer hesitated 
HU>H( *kt )k riMoU do. SfaeJRwOBdagger she had kept 
ttt>*l W itDce At faMtde, and MradE kirn with it such a 
{iv* fa Ibif ye. tkat he feQ dead  dw spot " Ungrateful 
WwMir li cried; 'take tkat as tkamwd thou hast moat 
lt<rir<n>l. K# ihoa u nanipfe fi At (oton to all perfidious 
UtV>>^ ; !Mid n>V *? tieacfcerwB ^it mmr rest in peace ! " 
\V hii lhi> tim Ira^xvts of hv ftarj bad snteided, and she 
thk>tt|ihl i^f llw Htmbon she vas id. sbe became almost aa 
lllVttu Ml lu> ak bad jiKt shin. -^ Vdat will become of 
\\\\i t^' ibx >v\'lMU<inlL vw^tts: '^ I am ddl alone iu this island! 

5\\\\ \wtMn t.\\\ tWv\<Mr Dftft  1 siedl he starved to death." 
)i lOiiiiw* i>j(4>'lh>) she hoM) Bi- let h^ndf be eaten by Fan- 
^lUii'l ihnwi hwiu'll' A'w Ueuibttug. waiting for daylight, 
'' 'ivi Mtta ttvtuii HU\tvtt!> h> behold, fbr the was afrEud of 

(sMCtK^HtHtV < the nightniare^ 



FBINCESS PRINTANIERE. 123 

js she leaned her head against a tree, and looked np to the 

she observed, on one side, a beautiful golden chariot drawn 
nx great tufted hens, with a cock for coachman, and a &t 
;ken for postilion. In the chariot was a lady, so hand- 
6  so handsome  ^that she resembled the sun. Her dress 
embroidered all over with gold spangles and bars of silver. 

saw also another chariot to which were harnessed six bats, 
row was the coachman, and a beetle the postilion. In it 

a frightful little monkey-&ced woman, whose dress was 
le of a serpent's skin, and upon her head a large toad by 
' of 2k fomJtangey 

fever, no never in the world was any one so astonished 
he young princess. As she contemplated these wonders, 

suddenly perceived the chariots advance to meet each 
3r ; and the lovely lady wielding a golden lance, whilst the 
J one grasped a rusty pike, they commenced a furious 
ibat, which lasted more than a quarter of an hour. At 
^h, the beauty was victorious, and the fright flew away 
1 her bats. The former immediately descended, and ad- 
ding Printaniere, said to her : " Fear nothing, amiable 
icess, I came hither only to serve you. The combat I have 
yht with Carabossa was only for the love of you. She 
med the right to whip you for having left the tower four 
s before you were twenty, but you perceive that I took 
r part and have put her to flight. Enjoy the happiness 
ave won for you." The grateful princess flung herself at 

lady's feet. " Great Queen of the Fairies," said she to 
, " your generosity transports me; I know not how to 
ok you ; but I feel that there is not a drop of this blood 
. have saved which I would not shed to serve you." The 
ry embraced her three times, and made her more beautiful 
a she was before  supposing such a thing to be possible. 
Tie Fairy ordered the cock to proceed to the royal fleet, 

tell the admiral to approach without fear, and sent the 
chicken to her palace to fetch the most beautiful dresses 
he world for Printaniere. The admiral was so overjoyed 
:he tidings brought him by the cock, that he narrowly 

I A knot of riband, so called from the celebrated Madame de Fontange, whose 
loming down during a hunting party at Vincennes, tied it up hastily with one 
r garters. Louis XIV. was so pleased with the effect, that he requested her to 
nue to wear her hair so arranged; and the next day the ladies of the court 
 their appearance with a riband or top-knot, thenceforth known as d^ fontange. 



124 PBINCESS FBINTANIEREL 

escaped a fit of illness. He came ashore instantly with aU 
his men, including Jean Gaquet, who, observing the hairy in 
which everybody left the ships, made as much haste him* 
self, and threw upon his shoulder a spit^ well loaded with 
game. 

Admiral Chapeau-pointu had scarcely proceeded a leigoe 
when he perceived in one of the great avenues of the foroBt 
the chariot drawn by hens, in which the two ladies were 
riding. He recognised the princess, and was about to kned, 
but she told him that all the honours were due to the gene- 
rous Fairy, who had saved her from the clutches of CarabosBA; 
on which he kissed the hem of the Fairy's robe, and paid her 
the finest compliment that was ever uttered upon such an 
occasion. Before he could finish, the Fairy interrupted him, 
exclaiming, " I vow I smell roast meat!** "Yes, Madam,** 
said Jean Caquet, displaying the spit loaded with excellent 
birds ; " it is only for your highness to desire to taste." " Most 
willingly,** she replied; " less for my own sake than for that 
of the princess, who has need to make a good meaL" They 
immediately sent to the fleet for everything that was neces- 
sary, and the delight of having found the princess, joined to 
the good cheer, left nothing to be wished for. 

Tiie repast being finished, and the fat chicken having 
returned, the Fairy dressed Printaniere in a robe of gold and 
greeu brocade, powdered with rubies and pearls. She tied 
up lier beautiful hair with strings of diamonds and emeralds, 
crowned her with flowers, and placing her in the chariot, aU 
the stars that saw her pass thought it was Aurora who had 
not vet made her appearance, and said as she went by, '' Good 
morning, Aurora." 

After much leave-taking between the Faiiy and the prin- 
ces, the latter said, ' Shall I not. Madam, have the pleasure 
of informing the queen, my mother, who it is that has done 
me such service ? "* ** Beautiful princess,** replied she, "embrace 
her for me. and say that I am the fifth Fairv who endowed 
vou at voiur birth.** 

The princess having gone on board the admind*s ship, they 
fired all the guns and more than a thousand rockets. She 
arrived safely in port and found the king and the queen 
awaiting her, and who received her with such caresses that 
she had no time to ask pardon for her past follies, though she 



w 



PEISCESS PEINTANIEttE. 121 



ang herself at their feet the momcDt she aaw them. 
al tenderness excused her completely, and all the fault 
d upon old Carabossa. At the same moment the son 
great King Merlin arrived, escecdingly aniious at not 

heard any news of his ambassador. He came with a 
nd horses atid thirty servants splendidly dressed in 

richly laced with gold. Ho was a hundred times 
imiable than the ungratefiil Fanfarinet, They took 
axe not to say anything to him about the little adven- 
f the elopement It might perhaps have awakened 
fiuapiciona. They told him the very plausible fitory, 
s ambassador being thirsty, and endeavowring to draw 
water to drink, had fallen into the well and been 
;d. He believed it implicitly, and the nuptials were 
.ted amidst so much joy that all past sorrow was 
y forgotten. 

WhstaocTer Loie m^t iug>, 
Be'H from Doly's pulli iliiBO j 



TEINOESS EOSETTE. 



Okob upon a time there was a king aud a queen who bao 
two beautiful boys. They grew like tLe diiy, so well did 
they thrive on the excelleut food provided for them. Tlie 
queen never gave birth to a child without sending for the 
Fairies, and begging them to tell her what would happen to 
the iu&nt. Her next was a beautiful little girl, bo handsome 
that you could not look on her and not love her. The queen 
having Bumptuously entertained the Fairies who had oome to 
see her, said to them, when they were preparing to depart, 
" Do not forget your jjoud custom, but tell me what will 
happen to Bosette" (the name they had given to the little 
princeBs). The Fairies replied that they had left their con- 
juring books at home, and that they would come and tell her 
another time, "Ah," said the queen, "tliat bodea me no 
good; you do not wish to af&ict mo by predicting aome hug- 
fortune : but I entreat you to let me know all hide nothing 
from me." Thoy made every sort of excuae, and only 
increased the queen's deaire for information. At last the 
principal Fairy said to her, " We fear, Madam, that Rosette 
will be the cause of some great misfortune to her brothers; 
that some affair of hers will cost thent their lives. That is 
all tliat we can foresee respecting this beautifal little girl, and 
we are very sorry we cannot tell you anything more agree- 
able." They departed, and the queen remained bo melancholy 
that the king could not avoid seeing it in her face. He asked 
her what was the matter. She answered that she had been 
Bitting too near the fire, and had burnt all the wool off her 
s/iJndle. "isthatall?" said the Viug. "fte -weiA \k-e atAq the 



PRINCESS BOSETTE. 127 

loft, and brought her more wool than she could spin in a 
hundred years. 

The queen contmued in low spirits^ and the king again 
asked her what was the matter. She told him that walking 
\fj the river-side she had lost one of her green satin slippers. 
'^Is that all)" said the king. He sent an order to all the 
shoemakers in the kingdom, and they furnished her majesty 
vith ten thousand green satin slippers. 

She still continued sad. The king again asked what ailed 
her. She told him that in eating too hastily she had swal- 
lowed her wedding-ring, which had slipped off her finger. 
The king knew she told him a falsehood, for he had the ring 
safe in his own possession. " My dear wife," said he to her, 
"you are not speaking the truth. Here is your ring, which I 
put for safety into my purse." The queen was much confused at 
being caught telling a Msehood, for lying is the most disgrace- 
fill thing in the world, and she saw that the king was angry. 
She therefore told him what the fiuries had predicted about 
little Bosette, and requested him to say if he could think of 
any remedy for the evil. The king was so much distressed 
that he said at once to the queen, " I do not see any other 
^y to save our two sons than by putting to death the little 
girl whilst she is in her swaddling-clothes," But the queen 
exclaimed that she would sooner suffer death herself; that 
she never would consent to so cruel a deed, and that the king 
must think of something else. 

The minds of their msgesties being naturally occupied with 

this matter entirely, some one informed the queen that in a 

great forest near the city there was an old hermit who lived 

b a hollow tree, and who was consulted by people from all 

parts of the world. " I must seek him also," said the queen ; 

"the Fairies have told me the danger, but have forgotten the 

remedy." She rose very early, and mounted a beautiful little 

white mule shod with gold, two of her maids of honour 

accompanying her, each on a handsome horse. When they were 

near the wood, the queen and her ladies dismounted, out of 

respect for the hermit, and went on foot to the tree he lived 

in. He objected to the sight of females, but when he saw it 

was the queen he said to her, " You are welcome ; what is 

jrour will with mel" She told him what the Fairies had said 

ibout Bosette, and requested his advice. He told her she 



1^ PRINCESS ROSETTE. 

< . \.i put tlio princess into a tower, out of which she should 
v.. vir lo ivnnittod to step. The queen thanked him made 
!.:rn a goixi present, and returned with her information to 
tilt' kiu^. 

Wiit'ii the king hoard this account he ordered a great tower 

to li' built as quickly as possible; he put his daughter into 

:t. aiiJ tliat she might not feel dull, the king, the queen, and 

l.iT two brothers wont to see her every day. The oldest wag 

cailJi-d the Great Prince, and the younger the Little Prince. 

They were iwssionately fond of their sister, for she was the 

mt'st beautiful and amiable ere-ature ever seen, and the least 

i>f her glances wtw worth more than a hundred pistoles. 

When i5ie was titteeu the Great Prince said to the king, 

- Paia, my sister is old enough to be married, shall we not 

shortly go to IkT wciidiug T The Little Prince said as much 

to the queen ; and tiieir majosties answered them evasively, 

saving no worvl :iKi:: the :i:arriage. 

'At loui::th tiio kii-.j: Aud que^n were taken very ill, and 
dit-i alir.os: .r. tl.tf stt^-i vLiv. Everybody was very sony, 
Uxiv W-.19 .1 ^v.:nL :v ;v.r:.::-.^. &::i :i:e Ivlls tolled throughout 
1.-. :.v. :- i^-iii "'V-* ...:':-s;li:*c :Vr the loss of her good 



 . -  i 

i...m 

A::." .' -'-> .:":1: 'jl.vc :v:-..i queen, the dukes and 

::...: '..>*.> - ' '-" ^^ '^"- -'-' >:v.::-,; :..i GrtAt Prince on a throne 

. ^  r.-: .;::. ::..?. > :- -^ -. ;.c:..i::-^: crown on his head, 

 i, : '.."> .i' vi'.itT ''.'..: L-_'. r. ..".irv.i all over with suns 

: .,.<. The 'viKic -. iir: :. .-.:. s::outed three times, 

;:'.-: :ue Kiug . * -.: -.rJ-.:.^ w,;s thought of but 



Ki::^' ar.l bis br-jiiicr >*.:.: :: CAoh o:hor. "Now tj 
v.iwer. we will ui-i-- .-'iJ.' >:&:>r :i:t of the prison 
s iassed s^^ n^^tny wr.arv y-.ar^" Tliey had butt 
 .-.. to reach :hu' :.v'.i. 'a:c1: had bc^n built ii 
- :.:h as poss:.!-.. '-.r :i:e !.-:c king and queei 




: v:\oh o:hcr. "Now that 

in 

Tliev had but to 

in 

- ^x , o queen 

-  -Si should r:i--..i.... _ :: dll her life. Rosette 

i-uvjtiful Fvl': -- JL rVame before her; 

  :bers, she r.*,. .^i-i took the King's 

--..i momii^j;. S::e : vou are now 

< -T,:-.:. I Wseech you to take me i. 

irx very dull;" and with that 

V ; *imVr\c^d \i^r, and told her 



PRINCESS BOSETTE. 129 

not to cry : that he had come to take her out of the tower, 
and conduct her to a fine ch&teau. The prince hod his 
pockets full of sweetmeats, which he gave to Eosette, saying 
to her, " Come, let us quit this vile dungeon. The king will 
soon find a husband for you; don't afflict yourself any longer." 

When Bosette saw the beautiful garden, all full of flowers, 
finiits, and fountains, she was so astonished that she could not 
utter a word, for she had never seen anything of the sort be- 
fore. She gazed eagerly about her, now walking, now stopping, 
now gathering fruit from the trees, or flowers from their beds. 
Her little dog, named Fretillon, who was as green as a par- 
rot had but one eai*, and danced to perfection, ran before 
her, bow-wow-wowing with a thousand jumps and capers. 
Fretillon amused the company amazingly. All on a sudden 
he ran into a little wood. The princess followed him, 
and never was any one so astonished as she was at seeing in 
this wood a great peacock with his tail spread, and looking so 
beautiful, so beautiful  so beautiful, that she could not take 
her eyes off him I 

The king and the prince rejoined her, and inquired what 
she was amusing herself with. She pointed the peacock out 
to them, and asked them what it was. They told her it was 
a bird that was occasionally eaten. " Whatl" she exclaimed, 
"do they dare to kill such a beautiful bird and eat it?  I 
declare to you that I will never marry any one but the King 
of the Peacocks, and when I am queen I will take good care 
that none shall be eaten." Nobody can describe the astonish- 
ment of the king. " But, Sister," said he, " where would you 
that we should find the King of the Peacocks V* " Wherever 
you please. Sire, but 1 will marry nobody else." 

After she had made this resolution, the two brothers con- 
ducted her to their chateau, whither they were obliged to bring 
the peacock also, and place it in her apartment, for she was 
exceedingly fond of it. All the ladies, who had never seen 
Rosette, hastened to salute her and pay their court to her. 
Some brought her preserves, others sugar, others dresses of 
gold stuffs, beautiful ribbons, dolls, embroidered shoes, pearls 
and diamonds. She was entertained everywhere, and she was 
so well bred, so polite, kissing hands, (fee, and curtsying when 
any pretty thing was given to her, that not a gentleman or 
lady left her dissatisBcd with their reception. 

K 



PfilNGESS BOBRFIS. 131 

We should be mad to ooDflent. Apretty aQianoe she would in- 
flkst on U8. Some little peachickis for nephews 1" The Frinoe 
was no less troubled about it j " It is a most unfortunate 
whim," said he, '< that she has taken into her head ! What 
eould haye induced her to imagine there was a King of the 
Foacocks in the world 1 ** 

' When they arriyed at the principal city, they peroeiyed 
it was full of men and women ; but that tiiey were dressed 
in clothes made of peacocks' feathers, and wore a pro- 
ftudon of them eyerywhere as yery fine ornaments, ^ey 
met the king, who was driying out in a fine little coach 
of gold and diamonds, drawn by twelye peacocks fiilly 
caparisoned. 

This King of the Peacocks was so handsome  so handsome 
 that the King and the Prince were charmed with him. He 
had long curly light hair, an exceedingly &ir complexion, 
and wore a crown of feathers fi:om the tail of a peacock. 
When he saw the two brothers, he judged that as their 
dresses were of a difierent &shion to those worn by the 
people of the country, they must be foreigners, and to ascer- 
tain the IxMt he stopped his coach and ordered them to 
be called before lum. 

The King and the Prince approached him, and haying 
made their obeisance, said to him, " Sire, we haye come 
firom a great distance to show you a beautiful portrait." They 
took out of their portmanteau the grand portrait of Rosette. 
When the King of the Peacocks had examined it attentiyely, 
" I cannot belieye/* said he, '* that there is such a beautiful 
maid in the world !*' " She is a hundred times more beau- 
tiful," said the King, her brother. "Oh, you are jesting ;" 
replied the King of the Peacocks. " Sire," said the Prince, 
" there is my brother, who is a king as well as you. He is 
styled the King, and I am called the Prince. Our sister, 
of whom this is the portrait, is the Princess Rosette. We 
come to ask you if you will espouse her. She is beautiful 
and yery virtuous, and we will give her a bushel of golden 
crowns.'* " Yes, truly," said the king, " I will marry her with 
all my heart. She shall lack for nothing at my court ; I will 
love her excessively ; but I declare to you that I expect she 
is as handsome as her portrait, and that if it flatter her 
in the slightest degree, I will put you to death." " Well, v^ 

k2 



132 PRINCESS BOSETTK. 

consent," said the two brothers of Rosette. '' Ton eonsent 1" 
rejoined the King; ''then to prison with you, and theie 
remain until the Princess shall arrive." The princes made 
not the slightest difficulty, for they were perfectly certain 
that Rosette was handsomer than her picture. 

When they were in prison the King of the Peacodi 
had them admirably attended to, and frequently went to see 
them, keeping in his own castle the portrait of Rosette^ 
on which he so doted that he slept neither night nor day. 
As the other king and his brother were in prison, they wrote 
by the post to the Princess, requesting her to pack up her 
clothes immediately and to come with all speed, aa the King 
of the Peacocks was waiting for her. They did not tell her 
they were prisoners, for fear of alarming her. 

When she received their letter she was so transported with 
joy that she thought sh^ should die of it. She told every- 
body that the King of the Peacocks was found and desired to 
marry her. They kindled bonfires, fired guns, and made 
feasts of sweetmeats and sugar throughout the kingdom. 
Every one who came to see the Princess during three days 
had given to them a slice of bread and butter with jam on it, 
some wafers, and a glass of Hypocras win^. After she had 
been thus liberal she left her beautiful dolls to her best fnends, 
and her brother s kingdom in the hands of the wisest old men 
in the city. She strongly enjoined them to take great care of 
everything, to spend very little, and save up money against 
the King's return. She begged them to preserve her peacock, 
and would take nobody with her but her nurse, her foster- 
sister, and her little green dog Fretillon. 

They put to sea in a boat, taking with them the bushel of 
gold crowns, and clothes enough to change their dress twice 
a-day, for ten years. They did nothing but laugh and sing. 
The nurse asked the boatman, " Are we nearing  are we near- I 
ing the kingdom of Peacocks?" He answered, "No, na* ; 
Another time she asked him, " Are we nearing? are we near- i 
ing?" He answered, "We shall be soon; we shall be soon." i 
A third time she said to him, "Are we nearing? are we I 
nearing?" He answered, "Yes, yes." And as soon as he had I 
said so, she went to the end of the boat, seated herself beside 
him, and said to him, " If thou choosest, thou shalt be rich for 
ever." He answered, " I should like it much." " If thoa 



miNCESS BOSETTB. 133 

du)08e8t,'' she continued, " thou shalt gain some good pistoles.*' 
*I desire nothing better ;" replied he. " Well,** said the nurse, 
'^thou must help me then to-night, when the Princess is 
asleep, to throw her into the sea. As soon as she is drowned I 
will dress my daughter in the Princesses fine clothes, and we 
vill conduct her to the King of the Peacocks, who will be 
iiappy to marry her ; and for thy reward, we will load thee 
with diamonds.'* 

The boatman was very much surprised at the nurse's pro- 
position. He said, it was a pity to drown so handsome 
a. Princess,  that she excited his compassion. But the nurse 
produced a bottle of wine and made him drink so much that 
he could no longer refuse her anything. 

As soon as it was dark, the Princess lay down as she was 

!wont ; little Fretillon was snugly established at the bottom 
of the bed, moving neither foot nor paw. Hosette was sleep- 
' ing soundly, when the wicked nurse, who was wide awake, 
went to fetch the boatmaa She led him into the Princess's 
cabin ; then, without disturbing her, they took her up, with 
her feather-bed, mattress, sheets, and counterpane, the foster- 
sister helping them with all her might, and flung the whole 
into the sea, and the Princess was so fast asleep that she 
never woke. 

But, by good fortune, the feather-bed was stuffed with 
Phoenix feathers, which are very rare, and possess the pro- 
perty of never sinking in the water, so that she floated on her 
bed just as if she had been in a boat. The water, however, 
gradually wetted first the feather-bed and then the mattress, 
and Rosette, being incommoded by it, turned from side to side, 
and roused Fretillon. He had an excellent nose, and smelt 
ihe soles and the codfish so close to him that he began 
to bark, and bark samuch, that he woke all the rest of 
the fish. They began to swim about, the great fish running 
their heads against the bed of the Princess, which having 
nothing to steady it, spun round and round, like a whirligig. 
She was very much surprised. "Has om* boat taken to 
dance on the water 1" said she; "I have never been so un- 
comfortable as to-night;" and still Fretillon kept barking, 
and making a desperate pother. The wicked nurse and the 
boatman heard him a long way.Q^ trfiuK,' t>A&5pt,ere is that 
little rogue of a doe^, -iriakingr were completely overwheliP^ 



134 PRINC3ESS EOSETTB. 

health. Let us make haste to land;"  for they were just 
in sight of the city of the King of the Peacocks. 

His majesty had sent down to the beach a hundred coaches 
drawn by all sorts of rare animals. There were lionsf, bears, 
stags, wolves, horses, oxen, asses, eagles, peacocks, and the 
coach intended to convey the Princess Rosette was drawn by 
six blue monkeys, who could jump, and dance the tight-rope, 
and play all manner of amusing tricks. They had beautiful 
harness of crimson velvet plated with gold. There were 
also sixty young ladies whom the king had selected to enter- 
tain the Princess. They were dressed in all sorts of colours; 
gold and silver were the meanest ornaments about them. 

The nurse had taken great pains to deck out her daughter. 
She had covered her with Rosette's diamonds, from head 
to foot, and dressed her in her friend's robes ; but despite her 
finery she looked more ugly than an ape, with greasy black 
hair, squinting eyes, crooked legs, a great hump in the middle 
of her back  ^an ill-tempered slut, continually grumbling. 

When all the servants of the King of the Peacocks saw her 
come out of the boat, they were so surprised  so surprised, 
that they could not speak. " What does this mean 1" said 
she, " are you asleep 1  Come, come, bring me something to 
eat; you are a nice set of rascals; I will have you all 
hanged ! " At this threat, they said to each other, " What 
a vile creature !  she is as wicked as she is ugly !  Here's a 
fine wife for our king !  I am not surprised at it !  It was not 
worth while to send for her from the other end of the world 1* 
All this while she played the mistress, giving slaps on the 
face, and blows with her fist, for next to nothing, to every- 
body about her. j 

As her train was very numerous, she proceeded slowly. 
She sat in her coach like a queen : but all the peacocks that 
bad perched themselves in the trees to salute her as she 
passed, and had resolved to cry, "Long live the beautiful 
Queen Rosette," when they perceived her to be such a horrible 
fright, cried, " Fie 1 fie I how ugly she is ! " She was excefr 
sively enraged and mortified, and said to her guards, " KiD 
me those rogues of peacocks who are insulting me." The 
peacocks flew away quickly, and made game of her. 

. '^^^ Sfe'Wwered;'  r "^oJ'^". witnessed all thi^aaid 
m a ' -^ssir " is not well with us. 



PBINdBS BOailTE. 185 

Tour dmfjtAm ihoiild hare been handsomer." She replied, 
"Hold thy tongne, fool; thou wilt bring some misfortune 
iqpoiiiu!'* 

; Thej sent to inform the king that the Princess was ap- 
yrtaching, ^ WeU^" said he, ''have her brothers told me the 
trathl Is she more beantiM than her picture?"  "Sire," 
ttn^replied, "it is quite sufficient for her to be as handsome." 
^YeB, suxefyy" said the king, ^'I shall be perfectly satisfied 
with that Let us go and see her,"  ^for he knew by the great 
noise they were making in the court, that she had arrived, 
and he oould not distinguish anything they were saying, 
except^ "Fie! fie! how ugly she is!" He thought they 
must be speaking of some dwarf or animal she might have 
hnnight with her, for it never could have entered his head 
that it actually applied to herself 

The portrait df the Princess was carried at the end of a 
long staff, uncovered, and the king walked in solemn proces- 
sion after it^ with aU his barons, and all his peacocks, followed 
bv the ambassadors firom the neighbouring kingdoms. The 
iing of the Peacocks was exce^ngly impatient to see his 
dear Bosette. Mercy! when he did see her, he was nearly 
dying on the spot!  He flew into the greatest passion in the 
worid. He rent his clothes ;  he woidd not go near her;  
flhe frightened him. " How !" he cried, " the two scoundrels 
I hold in prison are bold, indeed, to have made sport of me, 
and to have proposed to me to marry a baboon like that. 
They shall die.  60 ! Lock up instantly that impertinent 
girl, her nurse, and the fellow who brought them hither. 
Fling them into the lowest dungeon of my great tower." 

On the other hand, the King and his brother who were 
prisoners, and who knew the day on which their sister ought 
to arrive, had put on their best clothes to receive her. In- 
stead of opening their prison and setting them at liberty as 
they had hoped, the jailor came with some soldiers and made 
them descend into a cell, perfectly dark, and full of horrid 
reptiles, where they were up to their necks in water. No- 
body was ever more astonished or more miserable. "Alas!" 
th^ cried to each other, "this is a sad wedding for us! 
What can have brought so great a misfortune upon us?" 
They knew not what in the world to think, except, that they 
were doomed to die; and they were completely overwhelmed 



136 PBINCESS BOSETTE. 

with sorrow. Three days passed without their heanng a 
word. At the end of the three days, the King of the Peacocb 
came and insulted them, through a hole in the wall. 

" You have assumed the titles of King and Prince," cried 
he to them, ** in order to impose upon me and engage me to 
marry your sister; but you are nothing better than yagabondi^ 
who are not worth the water you drink. I will find judges 
for you, who will quickly try and sentence you. The rope IB 
already twisting which shall hang you both." " King of the 
Peacocks," replied the King in great wrath, "be less hasty in 
this matter, for you may have cause to repent I am a king 
as surely as you are one; I have a fine kingdom, robes, 
crowns, and good money. Ha ! ha ! it's a fine joke truly for 
you to be talking of hanging us. Have we stolen anything 
from you, pray?" 

When the king heard him speak so boldly, be knew not 
what to think, and he was tempted, at times, to let them go 
with their sister, and not put them to death : but his confi- 
dant, who was a downright courtier, encouraged him, sayings 
that if he did not take vengeance on them, everybody would 
laugh at him, and would think him a mean, petty sovereign, 
not worth a groat. He swore that he would not forgive 
them, and ordered their trial to take place. It did not last 
long. It was only necessary to exhibit the portrait of the 
real Princess Kosette by the side of the person who had pre- 
sented herself under that title. Consequently they were 
condemned to lose their heads, as false traitors, who had 
promised to give the king a beautiful princess in marriage, 
and had only offered to him an ugly country wench. The 
Court went in full state to the prison to read the sentence to 
the prisoner, and they declared that they had not been guilty 
of falsehood, that their sister was a princess fairer than the 
day : that there was some mystery which they could not 
understand, and that they demanded seven days' respite ot 
the execution of their sentence, as in that time their innocence 
would probably be acknowledged. The King of the Peacocks, 
who was greatly incensed, was vary loth to grant them this 
favour : but eventually he consented. 

Whilst all this is passing at Court, we must say a word 
about the poor Princess Rosette. When day broke, she was 
greatly astonished, and Fretillon also, to find themselves in 



FRINGB98 BOSBTTS. 137 

tlie middle of tibe aea whhoat boat or assutanoe. She began 
bo ary, and mpt so bitteriy tiiat all the fishes pitied her. 
She knew not what to do, or what would become of her. 
"AflBoredly," said ahe^ ''I haye been thrown into the sea by 
aider of the King of the Peacocks. He has repented his 
ftfomiaeto many me, and to get fieurly rid of me has ordel^d 
1B0 to be drowned Whair an extraordinary man ! " she con- 
tfnned; ^ I shoald haye been so fond of him; we should have 
imd so happily together!" Thereupon she wept more bit- 
ta^9 for slftB could not help loying him. 

fiOw remained thus fbr two days floating on the ocean, first 
one side and ^ban the other, soaked to her bones, with a cold 
onoQg^ to Idll her, and all but benumbed. If it had not 
been for little Fretillon, who imparted a little warmth to her 
lieart, she would have, died a hundred times over. She was 
tnmendously hungry. She saw the oysters in their shells. 
She took as many as she chose, and ate them. Fretillon had 
little liking fbr them; but he was obliged to eat something. 
When it grew dark. Rosette became exceedingly frightened, 
and die said to her dog; '' Fretillon, keep on barking, for fear 
the soles should eat us.** He had barked all night, and the 
FiincesB^s bed was not Bur from the shoi*e. On the coast there 
was a good old man who liyed all alone in a little hut, which 
nobody ever came near. He was very poor, an# cared nothing 
for worldly goods. When he heard Fretillon bark, he was 
quite surprised, for dogs seldom passed that way. He thought 
some travellers had lost their road, and charitably came out 
of his hut to direct them. All on a sudden he perceived the 
Princess and Fretillon, who were floating on the water, and 
the Princess seeing him, stretched out her arms and cried to 
him, '' Good old man, save me, for I am perishing here ; I 
have languished thus for two dajsl" 

When he heard her speak so sorrowfully, he had great 
compassion for her, and re-entered his dwelling to get a long 
boathook. He waded into the water up to his neck, and 
fchought, twice or thrice, he should be drowned. At length 
be contrived to pull the bed to the shore. Rosette and 
Fretillon were vastly glad to be upon dry land. The Princess 
:hanked the good man warmly, and wrapping herself up in 
ler counterpane, walked barefooted into the hut, where he 
nade a small fire for her with dry leaves, and took out of his 



138 PRINCESS BOSETTE. 

chest the best gown of bis deceased wife, with stockings and 
shoes, which the Princess put on. Thus, dressed like a peasant, 
she looked lovely as the day, and Fretillon danced round her 
to divert her. 

The old man saw plainly that Kosette was some lady of 
rank, for the coverlid of her bed was of gold and silver, and 
her mattress of satin. He requested her to tell him her 
history, and assured her that he would keep it a secret if she 
wished. She recounted the whole of it, weeping very much, 
for she was still under the belief that it was the Eang of the 
Peacocks who had ordered her to be drowned. " What shall 
we do, my daughter?" said the old man to her: "you are bo 
great a princess, accustomed to dainties, and I have nothing 
to give you but black bread and radishes. You will fare badly 
with me ; and if you will take my advice you will let me 
go and tell the King of the Peacocks that you are here. I 
am sure that if he had seen you he would have married you." 
" Ah," exclaimed Kosette, " he is a wicked creature, and wiU 
put me to death; but if you have a little basket, let us tie it 
round my dog's neck, and it will be very unlucky if he do 
not bring back something to eat." The old man gave the 
Princess a basket; she tied it round Fretillon's neck, and said 
to him, " Go to the best saucepan in the city and bring me 
what may be in it." Fretillon ran to the city, and as there 
were no saucepans better than the king's, he entered the royal 
kitchen, took the lid off the largest, adroitly possessed himself 
of its contents, and returned to the hut. Kosette said to 
him, ," Go back to the buttery and bring me the best of every- 
thing." Fretillon returned to the buttery and filled his basket 
with white bread, muscadel wine, and all sorts of fruits and 
preserves. He was so laden that he could hardly wag. 

When the King of the Peacocks called for his dinner there 
was nothing in the saucepan or in the buttery. The servants 
all stared at each other, and the king was in a fearful rage. 
" Very well," said he, " there is no dinner for me. But take 
care that the spit is put down this evening, and that I have 
something very good roasted." When evening arrived, the 
Princess said to Fretillon, " Go to the city, enter the best 
kitchen, and bring me some nice roast meat." Fretillon did 
as his mistress ordered him, and knowing no better kitchen 
than the king's, stole into it softly, while the cooks' backs 



FBINCESS BOSETTE. ISd 

were turned, and took all the roast meat off the spit, so nicely 
done, that the mere sight of it gave you an appetite. He 
brought his basket home, quite full, to the Princess. She 
sent him back immediately to the buttery, and he returned 
vnth all the rojel preserves and sweetmeats. The king, who 
bad not dined, being very himgry, desired to sup early ; but 
there was nothing to set before him. He put himself into 
an awfcil passion, and went to bed supperless. The next day 
at dinner and supper time it was exactly the same case, so 
that the king was without eating or drinking, because, when 
he was ready to sit down to table, it was discovered that 
everything had been carried off. His confidant, greatly dis- 
turbed, fearing the king would die, concealed himself in a little 
comer of the kitchen, and kept his eyes constantly on the 
pot that was boiling. He was much surprised to see a little 
green dog with one ear enter very softly, take off the cover, 
and put all the meat into his ba^et. He followed it to see 
vbither it went. He saw it go out of the city, and followed 
it to the good old man's. Immediately he retiuned to tell 
the king that all his boiled and roast was taken day and 
night to the hovel of a poor peasant. 

The king was much astonished. He ordered the man to 
be brought before him. The confidant, to pay court to the 
king, determined to go himself, with the archers of the guard. 
They found the old man dining with the Princess upon the 
king's boiled meat. >They seized and bound them with strong 
cords, and secured Fretillon also. 

As soon as they arrived at the palace the king was informed 
of it, who replied, " To-morrow will be the seventh and last 
day I granted to those impudent impostors. They shall die 
with these thieves who have stolen my dinner." So saying 
he entered the hall of justice. The old man fell on his knees 
and said he would confess everything. While he was speak- 
ing the king gazed on the beautiful Princess, and pitied her 
tears, but when the good man declared that she was the 
Princess Rosette who had been thrown into the sea, notwith- 
standing the king was so weak and faint for want of food, he 
jumped three times for joy, ran and embraced her, and untied 
the cords with which she was bound, assuring her that he 
loved her with all his heart. 

At the same time the princes were sent for, who, imagining 



l: 



Hi 
K: 
t- 



r 
h 
h 

f. 

r 

%\ 

g 

n 

tt 

T 

r 

1 




? 9BiLy. lung. 
vere 



ULC&e necks 




jbDmusLLt. Hie 

q title P^skBcokx. in 

ifaftSxiig and Iib bzscher, 

tfaem. Hie lansb 

mad, herhaAelcigM 



who- from that dtj 



*imi MU to tueh ft Uie: 
iuiiai* Liie  i'tr can't help thinking, 

Mriiiiraiy taiUova tinkbig; 
4  up u>- MUM rnpaaiaiia iriialew 



-! 



^ _j ..sas  *'4MtaAfa wIm nasA 
_ ^ ,_ ;tiLi* A ^iNHtaiia bnaA: 

 .iidCA^oiaf techftcaat. 



THE GOLDEN BEANCH. 



Once upon a tfme there was a king whose austere and melan- 
choly disposition inspired terror rather than love. He rarely 
suflFered himself to be seen, and put his subjects to death 
on the slightest suspicion. They called him King Brun,^ 
because he was always frowning. King Brun had a son 
who was not in the least like him. Nothing could equal his 
intelligence, his sweet temper, his liberality, and his general 
capacity; but he had crooked legs, a hunch on his back which 
Was higher than his head, squinting eyes, a wry mouth, in 
short, he was a little monster, and never had so beautiful 
a soul animated so deformed a body. Nevertheless, by a sin- 
gular fate, he was doted upon by everybody whom he wished 
to please. He was so superior in mind to all around him, 
that it was impossible to listen to him with indifference. 
The queen, his mother, chose that he should be called 
Torticoli, either because she liked that name, or that the 
prince being actually all of a twist, she considered that she 
had hit upon the one most appropriate for him. King 
Brun, who thought more of the greatness than the happiness 
of his son, cast his eyes upon the daughter of a powerful 
sovereign, his near neighbour, and whose dominions joined to 

(1) ' Le Roi Brun." In my Extravaganza, founded on this story, I took the 
liberty of designating his majesty, King Brown ; but though the translation 
as literal, it did not so completely convey the idea of the author as the other 
sense in which the word " brun" is used, namely, that of dark, gloomy, dusky, &c. 
We say, in English, a man " looks black" when he frowns,  not brown. *' A brown 
study." implies deep thought, but not melancholy or anger. For the reasons I 
have stated in my Preface, I leave this name, as I have otheT "yTo^et xvaxcvt^* 
untranslated. 







HRANGE. 

the mort ndoabtaUe momdi oo 

^^t^-in^m. HteonoeiTedthatthiBpriiieaiiraia 

^ ^wfe fcth g Prinoe Tortiooli, as ahe coqU not 

" ^ lum with his defonnitj and iidi- 

M u^y and defivmed aa himaelC 

m a bowi her 1^ bang out of joint ; 

L She was the moat amkUecnatan 

apfeaied as if Heayeii had been anxioiB to 

r the hgoriee of Natma 

nag obtained the portnit of tiie Prinoea 

wiiiflk ha had applied for, had it phoed in a gmt 
ar X oaaafj, and sent for the P^inee Tortioo]], 
^wimandw i to look with aftetim upon that pio- 
jft it mmiim iifcenea of TV^gnoOyhia iwtawy^ i^^ 
Boii caife hia fffaa upon it and tmned them awi^ imm^ 
[J mtii an air of diadain, whidi olfended his fiither. 
pfaaaedl" aaid he^ in a dwrp and MDgrj Ume, 
pa^** leplied the Vnoat, ^I ahaU nerer be 
,^^ .,  rj > gripplft.* ''Itwenbeeoaiei7oa,''8aidtlie 
^x^ *-TXi &id fiwlts in this prineeai^ hang yonzaelf a little 
>i:r xai- iaAtena evorbodT that looks at you." " It is 
I., ^^vwiil" iiiiied the Prioise. -^tfaat I object to form an 
i-.-.i. tiit^r^ne!: ;:ioQster. I can hardly bear the sight 
v.-. '^-^iL nv^]*^ l>? niT Eci&rings with such a com- 
"" ^r c: perpeicatt the race of baboons," 
rj  .^'ii.v- . * but TOOT fears are bootless : you 
^ ^ '> enough fee me to command to be 
".:vie no reply- He bowed profoundly 

-- -^vrrstomed to encounter the least 
*'^"5sl put him into an. awful passion. 

-  *7 which had been built expressly 

- -'-''ves : but there had been none 
'^N AMisequently everything was 

^ .:t%rtments and the forniture 
 - \'    ;* The Prince loved reading; i 
-  ^^ Tvnuitted to make choice of J 
 'v^^ < ".'.ought, at first, that per- 

- K*  H^Km he attempted to read ! 

^  \->"''to>' ^^ ^^Ivwlote that he could not 
Wi  N i. K \VN\ \W\)i do7m,^en. took them 



IHB GOLDIN BBAHCH. 148 

vp aguiiy endeayourmg to make oat somethizig of their con* 
teDti^ or at all erenta to amuae himadf by their examination. 
> Kiiig BnaHf satiafied that Torticoli would aoon get tired 
of hia impriBonmenty acted aa if the prinoe had consented 
to marry Trognon. He sent ambanadorB to the king^ 
hiB neighbour, to demand the hand of his daughter, to whom 
lie promiaed perfect happiness. The fether of Trognon was 
enraptured to find so advantageous an opportunity of getting 
her married j for everybody is not anxious to burden them- 
aalvea with a cripple. He accepted the proposals of King 
Brun, and though, to apeak the truth, he had not been greatly 
atruck by the portrait of Prince Torticoli, which had been 
brought to him, he had it, in its turn, placed in a magnificent 
gsllery. Trognon was brought thither to see it. As soon as 
she had looked on it, she cast down her eyes, and b^an to 
weep. Her &ther, incensed at the repugnance she evinced, 
took a looking-glass, and placing it before her, said, *' You 
weep, my daughter I Ah ! look at yourself, and then admit 
that you have no right to complain." " If I were in any 
hurry to be married, my liege," said she, '* it woidd, perhaps, 
be wrong in me to be so fastidious; but I can bear my 
shame whilst I am alone. I desire no one to share with me 
the misery of beholding me. Let me remain the unfortunate 
Princess Trognon all my life, and I shall be contented  at 
least I will not complain." However excellent her reasons, 
the king would not listen to them. She was compelled to 
depart with the ambassadors who had been sent to propose 
for her. Whilst she is travelling in a litter, in which she 
was stuck like a stump, we must return to the tower, and 
see what the Prince is about. None of his guards dared 
to speak to him. They had been ordered to let him grow 
melancholy, to give him bad food, and vex him with all 
kinds of ill-usage. King Brun knew how to make himself 
obeyed. If they did not do it for love, they did it from fear ; 
but the affection they bore to the Prince induced them to 
alleviate his sufferings as much as they could. 

One day as he was walking in a long g-allery, musing sadly 
on the fate which had caused him to be born so ugly and so 
repulsive, and to meet with a princess even more ill-favoured, 
he happened to look up at the windows, which he obsexN^d to 
be painted with such brilliant colours, and such. we\\-da^\^'&^ 




pntunlir tMte for muh, beantifi 
tDenminetiiem; but he oooldnot 
ftr thej n^Konnted fioenes in 
ftv^otten fixr nuuzjr sgies. One thin 
lAkh mM, that thefe ivas a man in 
BMHlf that it appeared like h 
r cpro ae n tBd m the keep of tk 
' ' * he finnd a golden nah 
There were nuu^ 
kk attantioii, and in the gmAm 
WKW every w h ere his portrait "Bj 
&B. **ka,te I been made to figme in 
bom at the time they are sup* 
by iriiat filial idea did it ooonr 
ftoHMlf by designing a man like met" 
wmt gbfli the figoie of a lovely young 
i^golary and their expression w 
ittiM&flaat take his eyes off it In shorty 
^ "mnmm sobjeeti^ and all the paanom 
M* vil t am ' Hi'. Alt he aaemed ahsohitely a witneas of 
.eiiis 1 xttou. Taiiai. ware only represented by a mix- 

"^ .xiv: 'ii^ #**J*=T ^* i* ^"^^s too dark to idis- 

^ .: -iiJiv: tt utJ ^liiIl:ed glass. On his return to his 

-x w ^ "^^^^ "^"^ manuscript that came to his 

^^r*. wrr? JT ^Hmn with illuminated borders, 

.. .,^ . :r'ii jiunielled with blue, so as to form 

:9t- t:':^- 'SOT need to find in the paintings the 

. *. ?< jtT.vrred on the windows in the gailery. 

- - sscr rcsw but could not succeed. All on 

^  r*. .:: one of the pages where there 

^ ^^jjiT-.rjT musicians, the figures began 

-ter 'irt^v there appeared players at 

"-, '^ "sris and dice were in motion. 

~ ^n :>9c^Ie dancing at a ball; all 

- >j. -- * nqurneilous beauty. He turned 

Ilk*, ^^tt vere "written, the ramrod wm 

. ..K.. u*.a "tinsbouire" signified the wcnm or 

....^ ... . e;uu <Mr caanon. (Fide Cotgrave.) I have 

'^.^ ..^.vj... >v :lki ongkud that was comprehensible to the 

^ ... Lu*i/a oL ih iwo iiwcruments at the present day beiiig, I 

_y^ im vJw ana6^""k^"^"Mewary. 



r 



i 



TEB OOLDW B&^CH. 145 

igun, and smelt the eaToiuy fiunee of a oapital dinner. The 
little %i]iee were ell eating; the laigest was not a qnarter 
tf ail ineh in hei^t; and one of them, taming towards the 
rinoey said to him, '^ To your good health, Torticoli J strive 
to lestoro oar queen to us. If you do so, it will be well for 
ynu.; if yoa do not, it will be ill for you." At these words 
^ Prinoe was seised with sueh a yiolent panic, (for he had 
teen trombling for some time,) that he let the book drop on 
epp side, and fell on the other like a dead man. At the 
Boiee of his 6U bis keepers ran in. lliey loTod him dearly, 
tad neglected nothing to recover him firom his swoon. As 
soon as he was able to speak, they asked what was the matter 
with him. He replied that he was so weak for want of 
proper food that hus mind wandered; and his imagination 
being worked upon, he had fimcied he had seen and heard 
sodi wonderful things in that book that he was panic-struck. 
His guardians, mudii afflicted, gave him something good 
to eat^ in spite of the King's prohibition. When he had 
eaten, he took up the book again before them, and no longer 
fcfond anything he had seen in it. This convinced him that 
he had been under a delusion. 

He returned the next day to the gallery. He saw the 
iSgnrea again in the windows, moving, promenading in ave* 
nnes, hunting stags and hares, fishing, and building tiny houses, 
for they were very small miniatures, and his portrait was 
to be seen in every one of them. It had a dress exactly like 
his own; It ascended into the keep of the tower, and dis- 
ooveced the golden ramrod. As the Prinoe had eaten a good 
"breakfEust, he could no longer imagine this was the work of 
fimcy. ^ This is too mysterious," said he, '^ for me to neglect 
tiie means of knowing more. Perhaps I may learn more 
in the keep. He ascended to it, and striking against the wall, 
he &ncied that a portion of it sounded hollow. He took 
a hammer, and knocking down some of the wall near this spot, 
he found a golden ramrod, very neatly made. He was 
puzzling himself to think of what use it could be to him, when 
he perceived in one comer of the room an old worm-eaten 
wooden press. He tried to open it, but he could find no 
lock. He turned it about, and hunted on every side; but it 
was labour in vain. At last he espied a small hole, a^^ 
suspecting' that the ramrod might be useful, inaer\/&^ ^i)i^^ 

L 



] ill THE GOLDEN BRANCH. 



/vm III 

ii' 



I' it. UK I tliuii pulling with all his might he opened 

<.iiii'M. lUib ill vKuct proi>ortion to the age and ugliness 

<i itH iiitsniii wiiM the Waiitv and marvellous treasures of its 

iiitriii.i. \il tlio dniwors were of engraved rock-crystal, 

iiiii>i!i. ir ; 111 V It Ills stouc:!L When YOU had taken out one, 

M>ii II 1111111 ^iiuiilcr irAwcrs &: ib* sides, above, below, and at 

111' I'iuk. H-|iiniui .'V VikrL.:j:jaf of mother-of-pearl. On 

 iw!M ; .III iu-^' "Ml-:;: .:? lz L .iTt.ii:iij the drawers, each 

kpi^.tnn nu 'i iw : >v" -r.i'Vii'liz veawns in the world, 

 I wi!N .ii:v..:i.*.. .~:u.T> T*ria?e Torticoli was en- 

.. .: v xij' . ^'  * . : iMip.ui lie drawers. At length 

 , V.  : :  i >iiijii tfUisrali with which he 

.  :. L:r iiit.-L III iiK iress. He was 

i iWTi.xm^ii vij::i formed a lai^ge 
 ti Trjas ; but what were 
, WA' luL .L "I'.iod, in which 
 :.: TTTisT. ;-: still grasping 



 ^ 
 



ri'tivi " ' 



K i':, . ;r*i. i-s iijT sTood on end; 

^,  =;:': i*^ LLm. He sat 

1 \.rzl'^y his eves 

 . :. ;. :i to replace 

 ..- : ". : : him, that 

- :i-:'l ^iihout the 

  .:. : :. .':r-:i what the 

... ..:* :.:-::rdiiigly as 

r : ..:.\ :ws much to 

..: . zr-il'.j reproach- 

,- -.J r.-ii'L he made 

. . -  . : '.:-^:ortunate 

- .:. ; -. r.".5 acquaint 

:: 7'. -er to serve 

^ "... :. :-:;d movinff its 

\ . .:h he compre- 

-.-..n words by the 

 . . \^i. "that thou 

:"-e barbarity of 

7 u seest in this 

..5-.-:v, who is the 

 

^  ': * J ^^6 gallery; 



THE GOLDEN BRANCH. 147 

notice the spot on which the sun*s rays most brightly fall ; 
search, and tiiou wilt discoTcr mv treasure." The hand then 
ceased to move. The Prince put several questions to it., to 
which it returned no answer. '* What shall I do with you i ** 
he added. The hand made fresh signs, by which he understood 
that he was to replace it in the press. He did so, and shut up 
everything again ; hid the ramrod in the wall where he had 
found it; and being now a little accustomed to prodigies, 
descended to the galler}'. 

On his entrance the windows began to clatter and make an 
extraordinary movement. He looked for the spot where the 
rays of the sun fell brightest ; he perceived it was upon the 
portrait of a youth, so handsome and with so majestic an air 
that he stood enchanted by it. On lifting the picture, he 
found the wainscot of ebony with mouldings of gold, as 
throughout the rest of the gallery. He knew not how to 
remove it, or whether he ought to do so. He consulted the 
windows; he saw that the wainscot lifted up. He immediately 
raised it, and found himself in a vestibule all of porphyry, 
ornamented with statues. He ascended a lai^ staircase of 
agate, the balustrade of which was inlaid with gold. He entered 
a saloon of lapis lazuli, and traversing numberless apartments, 
in which he was enraptured by the excellence of the paintings 
and the richness of the furniture, he arrived at last at a little 
chamber, of which all the ornaments were composed of tur- 
quoises, and he saw on a bed of blue and gold gauze a ladv, 
who appeared sleeping. She was of incomparable beauty ; 
her tresses, blacker than ebony, set off the whiteness of her 
Bkin. She seemed to be uneasy in her slumbers. Her features 
had an air of melancholy in them, and like those of an 
invalid. 

The Prince, fearing to wake her, approached softly. He 
heard her speaking, and listening with gi*eat attention to her 
words, he caught these few sentences, broken by sighs: 
"Dost thou imagine, perfdioiis one, that I can love thee, 
when thou hast separated me from my beloved Tnij^imene ?  
What ! before my eyes thou hast dared divide a hand so dear, 
from an aim wliich must ever be dreaded bv tliee I Is it bv 
such arts thou pretendest to prove to me tliy respect and thy 
affection? Ah, Trasimenc^ my dear lover 1 mu^t 1 \\e\ov "^vic^ 
thee morel" The Friucc observed that the tears ^o\\\\^ ^ 




hm dond lidi^ 
4aM abed br AnraoL 
m if inunoYiUe at lfa frol of Ae W. Mfc 
be ongM to mikt 




adiimber. ItwiriiMii dfawtobatM 

btbadi 



loror, aad tbit ht 
A tbovnnd ooofiMed 
bin bna iqpon io nuny diffbreBt ' ^j ii!in, vbalv 
y^^BJi % obmtadDg mdlodj. It vm fcniMd 1^ Ifat vohhi rf 
j^^iaplM ni cMUKj biid% vbo 
l^0W0' tbit tbaj" HspMnd nw 
^tte^B* ^ "**** an Eai^ of cztiaiHdliMij 
Jjiiwuii t^ HeilvvgiDtljyboldnign&biitaloBiftpiUBi 
:,iiiM^]afaBiikriibifl^]iibiinflbai^ociwmaL HiBiad 
.^ ,^ dC^ilr "^ tbo ]0ftf ibepar. Ho appoued to gne 

tiio man, and y widiqg Ma pwt 
aov amkiqg afaiMiBt d 





Ho iM aifi. Tia fi^ail Inwarili tlin Tiliiiiii mil 

Tgwfc, Tsadng m hia band tbe golden fanuodi wiAt 

.. ^ .x*^t& ~ T!w sngiiif^ oiids raised their vmoes till 

the rvjot oi tiie palace. The Prince inter- 

z'.adi ^uiiscnent the arious incideiits which 

c^ttT. *aiac ha ctmchided that the lady was 

^ iia "iK honour of ao glorious an adventure 

, ^ .- "*-^ He aJranced towards her, bent one 

-> -- ^j^ "ouched her with the branch, and said, 

J^^ j^ry^ creature, now sleeping under an 

^ ^icjw'wa w me, I conjure you, in the name 

^*^:: uL those &coltie8 which you appear 

... ':^ jl"* The lady opened her eyes, per- 

,. ^.a ;:uaimed, "Stay, dear lover, stay!** 

-^ ^-^s^^si i piercing and sorrowful cry, and 

^ t.i ia:aered musicians. 

V. -^ie siaw time, towards Torticoli, said 

V - *^^x .:;i .se of love before that of gratitude. 

*;: ^t^TTtaing to you, and that you have 

V virt* ^ -waven. which I have been deprived 

. s v^v: -..-< W Enchanter who loved me, and 

' ^N V . \\* ^^ rft*av ilia, has reserved for you this 

i^s*^*i.^ ; i^T* ilie ^^c \ ^em^cixi, and pas- 



THE GOLDEN BEANCH. 149 

sionately desire to do so. Let me know your wishes. I will 
use all the &.iry power, which I possess in a sovereign degree, 
to render you happy." "Madam,** replied the Mnce, **if 
your science enables you to peneti-ate the secrets of the heart, 
it is easy for you to know that, notwithstanding the misfor- 
tunes which overwhelm me, I am less to be pitied than many 
others." "That is owing to your good sense,** replied the 
Fairy; " but after all, do not permit me to incur the shame of 
ingratitude towards you. What do you desire? My power 
is unlimited. Ask anything." " I desire," replied Torticoli, 
" to restore to you the handsome Trasimene, for whom you so 
constantly sigh.*' ** You are too generous,*' said the lady, "to 
prefer my interests to your own. That great work must be 
achieved by another person. I cannot explain further; know, 
only, that that person will not be indifferent to you. But do 
not longer deny me the pleasure of obliging you. What do 
you desire?" "Madam," said the Prince, "flinging himself 
at her feet, " you behold my frightful figure. They call me, 
b derision, Torticoli. Render me less ridiculous!** "Go, 
Prince," said the Fairy, touching him three times with the 
golden branch; "go, thou shalt be so accomplished and sc 
perfect, that never man before or after this shall be counted 
thine equal. Henceforth be called Sans-pair; thou wilt be 
justly entitled to that name.'* 

The grateful Prince embraced her knees, and, by a silence 
which testified his joy, he left her to guess what was passing 
in his soul. She compelled him to rise. He gazed at him- 
self in the mirrors with which the chamber was adorned, and 
Sans-pair could not recognise Torticoli. He was three feet 
taller; his hair fell in large curls upon his shoulders; his 
mien was full of grace and dignity; his features were regular; 
his eyes sparkled with intelligence; in short, it was a transfor- 
mation worthy of a beneficent and grateful Fairy. 

" Why am 1 not permitted,*' said she, " to reveal to you 
your destiny? to warn you of the shoals Fortune will put 
in your path! to teach you the means of avoiding them! 
Wlmt gratification it would be to me, to add that benefit to 
the one I have just conferred on you ! But I should offend 
the superior genius that guides you. Away, Prince; fly from 
tills tower, and remember that the Fairy Benigne will 
always be your friend.*' At these words the Fairy, tViCi 



 . ; ." ---V^'-- Tilt ]i.io: 

y ^- "^ - *"*' :-: I.-: j^ fj: iji^ sut.^ic. 

J J .-^ -: - . : - ::: :. :.^ :_:^ fctri:ij-c: u: "1.12 



r- . r -. .- ..ii.- i-T :...: i-j^:Kri. 



 .. 



1 "i.j**  . 



I 't 



1 ... - -  :'"  - '.'^-'; v.. -J:! :rj: -; 

J .^ ... ~. - 1, ., J ."-; ^_^ ^Vj^ t.r^e:ljiLi.' 

' i-'- "  ;  "-- '-'-=- 'lic: of iiiiiii !sL:'UJi j. 

.-r - .  V u - - .. ::.i:. ^IcnW aficrwirii. ti,>_r 

 .. :..iu .- T j::..: . ill tiiat tije l-uria; :.:' "l 
-. .. : ..  -' ...:.".- . .: .: :Le scrape. Tiiia rfzit 

.;. . "i.-.-:.. -:.'-ii  :. i^i i-:v imr:jed:at.ejv liejY^ 
.- .- .Mi^ :*" r-^'.:". .1. T:*e saiaiJest of iLe iruic 
- : i:j V . 1 j-r*: iu::-pi. and put in tLe Prin.^ 

. .- \.- J V i^ -:. ---. 1 :iai Li* son was reir iJL He :h 

 .- -. : -  - e hi< cvnipassion, and he dei-er 

' _ .  -- itfa-st his >ertr::v. TJjis was exrict'T 

...  _ K-iLrif}rs wi.sikM f.r. and the more thev s 

, r -.^'. m.irt- :Ld;ntrt^:iwY :o :: w;ii: niauifested i 

 -.;. 'tmi'.vss TrL.i7ion, shi .srr-.v;..; .:. a little ma 
v:: " - cu'it in iioiiTii:. a;;.: ,".'.rr:;\l in a ] 



THE GOLPEN BRANCH. 151 

defects I am full of, that I will not marry him, and that 
^Jnkt the title of Princess Trognon to that of Queen 
)1l 
The King's anger was exceedingly heated by this 
"I tell you plainly," said he, "I will not be con- 
The king, your father, should be your master, 
I have become so, now that he has placed you in my 
** There are matters," answered the Princess, "in 
we have the power to choose. I warn you that I have 
brought hither against my will, and that I shall look on 
as my most mortel enemy, if you attempt to force me 
this marriage." The King, still more irritated, lefb her; 
assigned to her an apartment in his palace with ladies to 
her, who were commanded to persuade her that the 
tibing she could do was to marry the Prince. 
In the meanwhile the guards, who feared being discovered, 
that the King might learn his son had escaped, made 
to tell him that he was dead. At these tidings he was 
to a degree they could never have believed of him. 
aoreamed, he howled, and looking upon Trognon as 
oanse of the loss he had sustained, he sent her to the 
tower, in the place of his dear departed. 

The poor Princess was as full of grief as astonishment at 
Hading herself a prisoner. She was courageous, and com- 
mented, as she was justified in doing, on so harsh a proceeding. 
Sie imagined they would repeat her words to the King, but 
nobody dared to speak to him on the subject. She con- 
odved, also, that she would be allowed to write to her father 
respecting the ill-usage she suffered, and that he would come 
and deliver her. Her projects on that score were useless; 
her letters were intercepted, and given to King Brun. 

As she lived in that hope, however, she was less afflicted ; 
and every day she went into the gallery to look at the painted 
windows. Nothing appeared to her so extraordinary as the 
number of subjects represented in them, and to see herself 
amongst them, in her bowl. "Since my arrival in this 
country," said she, " the painters have taken a strange fancy 
to depict me. Are there not enough ridiculous figures with- 
out mine ? or would they, by force of contrast, set off to greater 
advantage the beauty of that young shepherdess, "who ?i\^^gv\\^ 
to me charming r' She then gazed on the portr^\t ol ^ 



152 THE GOLDEN BKANCH. 

shepherd, which she could not sufficiently praise. ^ How much 
am I to be pitied," said she, '' degraded hj nature to such an 
extent as I am ! and how happy are those who are handsome P 
In uttering these words, the tears came into her eyes; then, 
catching a glimpse of herself in a glass, she turned away sad- 
denly ; but was much astonished to see behind her a little dd 
woman in a hood, who was half again as ugly as herself, and 
the bowl in which she pushed herself along had more than 
twenty holes in it, so much was it worn, 

" Princess," said this little old woman to her, " you may 
have your choice between virtue and beauty. Your com- 
plaints are so touching that I have listened to them. If yon 
choose to be handsome, you will be a coquette, vain and very 
gay. If you choose to remain as you are, you will be virtuous, 
respected, and very humble." 

Trognon looked at the person who spoke to her, and asked 
her if beauty was incompatible with virtue. 

" No," replied the good woman ; ** but, in your case, it is 
decreed that you can only possess one of the two." **Wefl, 
then," exclaimed TVognon firmly, *' I prefer my ugliness to 
beauty." ** How ! you had rather frighten all those who look 
on you ]" rejoined the old woman. ** Yes, Madam," said the 
Princess ; " I would rather choose to suffer all the misfortunes 
in the world than want virtue." **I brought with me, expressly 
for this purpose, my white and yellow muff," said the Fairy. 
" By blowing on the yellow side, you will become like that 
admirable shepherdess, who appeared so charming to you, and 
you will be beloved by a shepherd whose portrait has more 
than once arrested your attention. By blowing on the white 
side, you can ensure your continuance in the path of virtue, 
which you have so courageously entered." " Ah, Madam," 
replied the Princess, " do not refuse me this favour. It will 
console me for all the contempt with which I am treated." 

The little old woman handed to her the muff of beauty 
and virtue. Trognon made no mistake about it. She blew 
upon the white side, and thanked the Fairy, who immediately 
disappeared. 

The Princess was delighted at the good choice she had 
made ; and whatever reason she had to envy the incomparable 
beauty of the shepherdess in the painted windows, she con- 
x>led herself with the thought that beauty passes like a 



a' 



im 6QDXIf BRAKGH. 153 

i; tkftt Tirtae is a oonttent ireascue, and an nn&ding 
enduring longer than this life. She still hoped that 
(King her &ther would put himself at the head of a great 
md release her from the tower, 
awaited the moment to behold him with impatience, 
A0 was dying to asoend to the keep of the tower to see 
vmal of the suoeours she expected. But how could she 
to crawl up such a hei^tt She moved about on 
> floor of her apartment slower than a tortoiBe, and, to asoend 
^Mxy j^ace, her women had to cany her. 
^BotwJthstandinfc she hit upon a rather peculiar plan: she 
that the dock was in the keep. She took off the weights, 
put herself in their place When they wound up the 
she was hoisted up to the top. She looked eagerly out 
'the wmdow that opened towards the country; but sl^ saw 
coming, and She retired from it to rest herself a little, 
leaning against the wall that Tortiooli, or, as we should 
say^ Prinoe Sans-pair, had pulled down and rebuilt but 
r, the mortsr fell out, and with it the golden ramrod, 
made a tinkling sound as it fell near Trogncm. She 
it^ and after having picked it up, examined it to 
jimiilHlii its use. As she had more sense than people in 
vMmittly she quickly concluded that it was made to open the 
jprasSy which had no lock to it. She succeeded in doing so, 
and was not less enraptured than the Prince bad been, at the 
il^ of all the rare and elegant things she found in it It 
tentained fbnr thousand drawers, all filled with ancient and 
aodem jewels. At length she found the golden door, the 
box of carbuncle, and the hand swimming in blood. She 
dmddered, and would have cast it from her; but she had not 
Ae power to let it go, a secret influence prevented her. 
"Alas! what shall I do?" she cried, sorrowfiilly. " I had 
father die than stay longer here with this amputated hand!" 
At that moment she heard a soft and sweet voice, which said 
to her, '' Take courage, Princess ; thy happiness depends upon 
this adventure." "Oh! what can I doT* replied she, trem- 
bling. " Thou must bear that hand to thy chamber," said 
the voice, "and hide it underneath thy bolster, and when 
thou seest an eagle, give it to him without losing an instant." 
Terrified as the Princess was, there was something in t\\afc 
roice so persuasive, that she did not hesitate to obey. ^V** 



154 THE GOLDEN BRANCH. 

replaced the drawers and the curiosities as she had found 
them, without taking a single thing. Her guards, who feared 
that she had escaped in her turn, not having found her in her 
room, sought for her, and were struck with surprise at dis- 
covering her in a place to which they said she could not 
possibly have mounted except by enchantment. She passed 
three days without seeing anything particular. She did not 
dare to open the beautiful carbuncle box, for the sight of 
the amputated hand caused her too much alarm. At length, 
one night, she heard a noise at her window. She got up as 
well as slie could, and, dragging herself across the room, op^ied 
the casement. The Eagle flew in, making a great noise with 
his wings to manifest his joy. She hastened to present him 
the hand, which he took in his talons, and the next moment 
she lost sight of him. In his place stood a young man^ the 
handsomest and best made she had ever seen. His forehead 
was encircled by a diadem ; his dress was covered with jewels. 
He held in his hand a miniature ; and commencing the con- 
versation, " Princess," said he to Trognon, " for two hundred 
years a perfidious Enchanter has detained me here. "We both 
of us loved the admirable Fairy, Benigne. I was accepted; 
he was jealous. His art surpassed mine, and determining to 
use it to my ruin, he commanded me, in an absolute tone, 
never to see her more. Such a prohibition suited neither my 
love nor my rank. I threatened him ; and the feir one I 
adored was so offended at the behaviour of the Enchanter, 
that in her turn she forbade him ever to approach her. The 
cruel monster resolved to punish both of us." 

" One day that I was by her side, gazing with delight on a 
portrait she had given me, yet finding it a thousand times 
less beautiful than the original, the Enchanter appeared, and 
with one blow of his sabre cut my hand off at the wrist The 
Fairy Benigne (so is my queen named) felt more keenly than 
myself the anguish of this wound. She sank insensible upon 
her* couch, and immediately I foimd myself covered with 
feathers. I was transformed into an eagle. I was permitted 
to come daily to see the queen, without the power of ap- 
proaching or awaking her; but I had the consolation of 
hearing her incessantly breathe tender sighs, and talk in her 
sleep of her dear Trasimene. I knew also that, at the expira- 
tion of two hundred years, a prince would restore Benigne 



THS oquhn bbangh. 165 

j^t of dajf and that a prinoeaB, by retmning me my 
, would giye me baek my original form. Aedefar^ed 
intereatB hendf in yonr gloij, ordained that it 
) aa It ia ahe who so oareftdly locked up my hand 
8i of the keep ; it is ahe who has given me the 
proinB to you ilas day my gratitude. Wish for any- 
noeas, whidi can give you the greatest pleasure, and 
you ahaU obtain it.** 

King^** replied Trognon, after some moments* silence, 
3 not answered you directly, it is not that I hesitate 
but that I confess I am unused to such surprising 
s as the present, and that I foncy it is rather a 
jx a reality." ^ No, Madam," replied Trasimene, ** it 
illusion ; you will experience the effects^ as soon as 
e to tell me what boon you desire." *' If I asked 
thing I should require to make me perfect," said 
btever may be your power, it would be difficult for 
.tisfy me; but I wfll confine myself to the most 

Make my mind as beautiful as my body is u^y 
QQted." *' Ah, Princess," exclaimed King iSrasimene, 
ght me by so wise and noble a choice ; but who is 
 that which is already accomplished t Tour body, 
shall become as beautiful as your mind and souL" 
ed the Prinoeas with the miniature of the Faiiy. 
i all her bones go crick crack  ^they lengthen  get 
again; she risesf, she is tall, handsome, straight; her 
iter than milk; all her features are regular; her air is 
et modest; her countenance intelligent and agreeable, 
miracle r' she exclaimed. ''Can this be me) Is it 
" Yes, Madam," replied Trasimene ; " it is you. 
choice you made of virtue has brought about the 
tnge you enjoy. What pleasure it is to me, after 
you, to think that I was destined to contribute to 
quit for ever the name of Trognon; take that of 
, to which your intellect and your charms entitle 
b the same instant he disappeared, and the Princess, 
mowing what coach she came by, found herself on 

of a little river, beneath some shady trees, in the 
cable spot on earth. 

d not yet seen her face. The water of the river 
or that she discovered, to her extreme sxiripTi^j^iJcvaX. 



_. ^-' ~:j:::r r --l- Trr-r 5 id. lad i 
..-:-__: "tiw .r7fcL:r*-L -:. izov 

; . --IS* -- i-- ^-a - -rtn.-^-B. She 

." J. . it ~.i [l.r i -ilr^ilL-rifSB. 

..'::: :':. ir . l jL=r rjiii Tb-^se 

1' _ lu" ':.i -^-z. -ii-j. "He unmev 

1: :':l- :r-?'i- i.-r -x-r-frs izii her 

.-L* eeTiiT'i ": "iic :irv .1 Litrr. izd to 

.: ._.: " -1- "- "aeni- The 

.- . :;. :_.-. ":. :_:. r. tis :n 

7  :... _:-:i^^ u Tiiich 



- _ ; ...'?r*. 



 u 



>*A 



..: .-_: :r'"7".".'i H"'. ni a dis- 

- v^-:i r. ";'r. 1: rho sic:ht 

.....llTc. ir "V.ii ^^ --mcii with 

. 'i.::^' t:::'.':i lie -iiiT.n-ortcd 

: - -lie ixrzh. lu fiiot, he 

_-._r -Those beauty he had 

- 'lilerv. and in the veilum 
ii..r:rrs; for the reader will 
::.:s shepherd, was no other 

."known power had retained 



IBS OOLmf BRAMCS. 157 

Iwfao bad eeeii him. His tkUl in all sortg of exierciseBy his 

lookup and hia inteD^pauee, diatiiigiiiahed him no less 

the other ahephaidfl^ thui hia ruik would have done 

.^ xiYetsd his ejm upon Briniante, with a curiosity 
~ a ptooame which he had never felt before. He knelt 
her. He contemplated that aaKmblage of charms 
rendered her perfection, and hia heart was the first to 
Ihat tribute to her beauly which none since had dared to 
Whilst he was in deep meditation, Brilliante awoke, 
aeeing Sana-pair near her in a veiy elegant shepherd*8 
she gaied at him, lind instantly remembered him, fer 
had seen his portrait in the tower. ^ Lovely shepherdess,** 
'jpid he, ^ what happy fiite has led you hither! Tou come, 
^ doubt, to receive our wonhip and our tows! Ah, I feel 
jfrpady tiiat I shall be Ihe most eager to ofiEer to you my 
JtaMge." ''No, shepherd,** said she; ''I do not presume 
.inexact honours which are not due to me; I would remain 
iple ab^herdess. I love my flock and my dog. Solitude 
charms for me, and I desire none other." " How 1 young 
Aapherdees, you have come hiUier with the design of conceal- 
iflg yourself from the mortals who inhabit theae lands f Is 
it poesible,** continued he, '^ that you would do us so much 
ii^uryt  at least, make me an exception, as I am the first 
who has offered his service to you !" '' No,** replied Brilliante, 
^ I will not see you more frequently than the rest, notwith- 
standing that I already feel a particular esteem fer you. But 
ten me where I shall find some respectable shepherdess with 
vhom I may dwell, for being a stranger here, and of an age 
which will not permit me to live alone, I should be glad to 
place myself under her protection.** Sans-pair was en- 
nptured at being entrusted with this commission. He con- 
dncted her to so neat a cottage, that it had a thousand 
diarms in its simplicity. It was inhabited by a little old 
woman, who rarely croased the threshold because she could 
hardly walk. " Here, my good mother," said Sans-pair, pre- 
senting Brilliante to her, " here is an incomparable maiden, 
whose appearance alone will make you young again." The 
old woman embraced her, and told her, with an afl^ble air, 
that she was welcome, that she regretted she had %o ^^oox 
a lodging to offer her, but that at least she should. oocmyS ^ 



158 THE GOLDEN BEANCH. 

good place in ber heart. '' I did not think,** said Brilliant 
" to find here so &yourable a reception, and so mnch polite* 
ness; I assure you, my good mother, that I am delighted 
to be with you. Do not refuse," continued she, addresdng 
the shepherd, '* to tell me your name, that I may know to 
whom I owe this service.'* " They call me Sans-pair,** replied 
the Prince, " but now I will have no other name than that 
of your slave." " And I," said the little old woman, " I wiA 
also to know the name of the shepherdess to whom I ofiar 
hospitality." The Princess told her she was called BriUiante. 
The old woman seemed charmed with so lovely a name, and ^ 
Sans-pair said a hundred pretty things about it. The old 
shepherdess, fearing that Brilliante was hungry; set befoie 
her a very clean bowl full of new milk with brown bread, 
new-laid eggs, fresh butter, and a cream cheese. Sana-pair 
ran to his cottage, and brought from it strawberries, nnta^ 
cherries, and other &uits ; and in order to stay longer with 
Brilliante, he asked permission to eat his dinner with her. 
Alas, how difficult it would have been for her to have refused 
him ! She had great pleasure in beholding him, and whatever 
coldness she affected, she was well aware that his presence 
Wiis not indifferent to her. 

After he left her, she thought about him for a long time, 
and he of her. He saw her every day; he led his flock to the 
spot where she fed her own; he sang beside her the most 
passionate songs; he played on the flute and the bagpipe 
while she danced; and she displayed such grace, and kept 
such perfect time, that he could not sufficiently admire her. 
Each in their own minds reflected on the surprising chain of 
adventures which had occurred to them, and each became 
restless. Sans-pair followed her, assiduously, everywher 

In short, whene'er he found the maid a]<me/ 
So well he painted all the rapture known 
By two fond hearts in Cupid's b<mds united, 
That she dbcover'd shortly that the flame. 
To which she scarcely dared to gire a name. 
By LoTe himself had certainly heen lighted. 
And seeing all the danjcer that she ran,  



(1) I am at a loss to know why Madame D'Aulnoy ran the following Teiy pimak 
lines into rhyme^ as they are simply a portion of the narrasiTe. I Celt, howeTer, 
bouad to ftUow hn example* 



THS GQLDXN BRANCH; 159 

An ionooeiit and nnprotaeted ereatoni 

8be earatalljr avoided tbe dar man, 

AHhongli it ndl j wait agalMt liar natvie ; 

In Moret, too, her heart wovild oft implore her 

To pitjr ao reapeetftil an adorer. 

Sana-pair, who conld not for hit life make oat 

What eauaed flie change he'd not heen told  word of, 

Sought her, in vain, to satiaiy hia douht : 

BriHiante was never to he teen or heard of. 

avoided bim carefully^ reproaching herself unoeasinfirlj 

he sentiments she cherished for him. '^ What ! " said 

[ have the misfortime to love !  and to love a miserable 

rd! What a destiny is minel I preferred virtue to 

. It appears that Heaven, to reward me for that 

thought fit to render me handsome : but how unfortu- 

consider myself in having become so! But for these 

larms, the eiiepherd I shun would not have striven to 

me, and I should have escaped the shame of blushing 

sentiments I entertain for him!" These sad reflections 

ended in tears, and her pain was increased by the state 

sh she reduced her amiable shepherd. He wacf, on his 

overwhelmed with affliction. He was tempted to de- 

Bnlliante the greatness of his birth, in the hope that 
ig of vanity might induce her to listen to him more 
ibly. 

he persuaded himself that she would not believe him, 
at if she demanded a proof of what he asserted, he was 
a position to give her one. " How cruel is my fete !" 
laimed : *' hideous as I was, I must have succeeded to 
bher. A great kingdom makes up for many defects. 
Id be useless for me now to present myself to him or 
subjects; there is not one amongst them who could 
ise me ! and all the good the Fairy Benigne has done 
taking &om me my name and my ugliness, consists in 
made me a shepherd, and the dave of an inexorable 
rdess, who cannot abide me!  Barbarous Fortune!" 
3, sighing, " become more propitious to me, or restore 
brmity together with my previous indifference ! " 

1 were the sad lamentations which the lover and his 
;s indulged in, unknown to each other. But, as Bril- 
persisted in avoiding Sans-pair, one day, having deter- 
to speak to her, and wishing to find an excuse which 
not cfffend her, he took a little lamb and adorned SX. 




. tarn sir* biuik '.a rimj 
3t iTir rtiBtt rim ;iirr . ik '.sL 
I but tBBTTa um ia wL 



,1k. tftM* Ii<w <'"" 



ittrmm 






till i MJ. 

..^Qggae icft bim. The azafimiB ind i^ 
- Bsve iak/^nd her, bat hs csaef h^ \ 
^'"^ ^Ht it the foot of * iiw. 

! why Aoald von tau a 

nd his passion is per- 
hetaelf as mneh i 




THE GOLDEN BBANCH. 168 

enough to drive you crazy ; and on a long table were twelve 
.surge mice, &stened to it by their tails, each of which had in 
&ont of them a piece of bacon which they couldn't reach; so 
bliat the cats saw the mice without being able to eat them, and 
the mice trembled at the cats, while they were famishing with 
9k tempting piece of bacon before them. 

The Princess was contemplating the torture of these animals, 
when she saw the Enchanter enter in a long black robe. He 
bad on his head a crocodile by way of a cap, and never was 
there seen so horrible a head-dress. The old man wore spec- 
tacles, and carried a whip made of twenty long live serpents. 
Oh, how frightened the Princess was !  ^how she regretted at 
that moment her shepherd, her sheep, and her dog! She 
thought only of flight ; and, without saying a word to this 
terrible man, she ran to the door : but it was covered with 
spiders* webs. As soon as she had lifted one, she found another 
imder it; and on lifting that, a third appeared; she lifted 
that, and saw a new one, under which was another; in short, 
these filthy portiires of spiders' webs were innumerable. 

The poor Princess was worn out with fatigue; her arms 
were not strong enough to hold up these webs; she would 
have sat down on the floor to rest herself, but was quickly 
compelled to rise again by long sharp thorns that issued from 
it. She attempted again to escape, but still found one web 
under another. The wicked old man, who observed her, 
laughed till he was ready to choke himself. At length he 
called to her, and said, '^ Thou mayest pass the rest of thy life 
without succeeding in thy object. Thou seemest to me 
younger and more beautiM than the fairest I ever saw. If 
thou wilt marry me, I will give thee these twelve cats that 
thou seest hung up to the ceiling to do what thou wilt with, 
and these twelve mice that are on the table here shall be 
thine also. The cats are so many princes, and the mice as 
many princesses. The little rogues, at cue time or another, 
had the honour to please me (for I have been always gay 
and gallant), but none would love me. These princes were 
my rivals, and more favoured than I was. Jealousy took 
possession of me ; I found means to entice them hither ; and 
as Bist as I caught them, I transformed them into cats and 
mice. The most amusing part of the business is, that they 
hate, as much as they formerly loved, each other, and it 

m2 



164 THE QOLDEN BBANCH. 

would be scarcely possible to imagine a more complete ven- 
geance." " Oh, my lord!" exclaimed BriUiante, " change me 
into a mouse ; I deserve it no less than these poor princesse&" 
" How ! my little shepherdess,'* said the Magician, " wilt thou 
not then love me ?" "I have resolved never to love," said 
she. "Oh, how silly thou. art 1" continued the Magician. 
"I will cherish thee marvellously; I will tell thee stories; 
I will give thee the most beautiful dresses in the world. 
Thou shalt never move but in a coach or a litter ; thou wilt 
be called * Madam!'" " I have resolved never to love," re- 
peated the Princess." '* Take care what thou sayest!" cried 
the Enchanter, angrily; " thou wilt repent it for many a long 
day!" "No matter," replied BriUiante; "I have resolved 
never to love." "Aha, thou too indiflPerent creature!" said 
he, touching her; "since thou wouldst be of a particular 
species, thou shalt for the future be neither flesh nor fish; 
thou shalt have neither blood nor bones. Thou shalt be 
green, because thou art still in thy greenest youth; thou 
shalt be agile and sprightly ; thou shalt live in the fields, as 
thou hast done ; and they shall call thee Grasshopper." At 
the same moment Princess BriUiante became the most beau- 
tiful grasshopper in the world, and availing herself of her 
liberty, skipped quickly into the garden. As soon as she 
was able to reflect on her situation, she exclaimed mournfully, 
"Oh, my bowl! my dear bowl! what has become of you?  
Behold the result of your promises, Trasimene ! This, then, 
is the fate which has been reserved for me so carefully these 
two hundred years!  a beauty as fleeting as that of the 
flowers of spring ; and as a conclusion, a dress of green crape, 
a singular little form, which is neither flesh nor fish, and 
without blood or bones. I am very unfortunate !  Alas ! a 
crown would have covered all my defects; I should have 
found a husband worthy of me; and if I had remained a 
shepherdess, the charming Sans-pair wished but for the 
possession of my heart ! He is but too amply revenged for 
my unjust disdain. Here am I, a grasshopper! doomed to 
chirrup day and night, whilst my heart, full of bitterness, 
invites me to weep!" Thus soliloquized the grasshopper, 
hidden amongst the tender grass that fringed the borders of 
a rivulet. 

But what was Prince Sans-pair doing, bereft of his adorable 



^^^ THE GOLDEN BRANCH, IM" 

lierdes9l Tbc cruel way in vhiot she Lad left bim 
ted him 80 deeply that he had not the power to follow 
Before he could join ber he had swooned, and he re- 
led n long time maensible at the foot of the tree where 
iante saw him Ml. ^t length the coolness of tlie ground, 
nue nuknown power, brought him to hhnself: he did 
lare to seek her that day at her own home, and revolving 
3 mind the words she bad eaid to him, 

rew from them more flattermg hopes, and trusted time and 
ition might win for him a little gmtitude. But what were 
seiings when, on going nest day to the old ahepherdess 
whom Briljiante lodged, he heard that she had never 
Been since the previous evenbg ! He was ready to die with 
;ty. He wandered away overwhelmed by a thousand 
icting thoughts. He seated himself sadly by the side of 
iver; he was tempted a hundred times to fling himself 
it, and to end his misfortuneB with his life. At length 
ydk a bodkin, and scratohed the following verses on the 
of a nettle-troe ;'  

' Loiely njuntalD. rim clni, 



> night in ilumtKT lull mj 



3 could uot write any more, being accosted by a little 
vomon, who had a ruff round her neck, and wore a fiir- 
pile, a roll under her white hair, and a velvet hood. Her 
ait appearance had something venerable in it. " My 
said slie to him, "your Jamentations are verj gtiCTWis,. 



166 THE GOLDEN BBANCH. 

I beg you to let me know the cause." ^' Alas, good motherl" 
answered Saus-pau:, ^* I deplore the absence of a lovely shep* 
herdess who flies me. I have resolyed to searoh through ul 
the world until I find her.** ^ Go in that direction, my ohild,'' 
said the old woman to him, pointing towards the casde when 
poor Brilliante had become a grasshopper; '^I have a pre- 
sentiment that you will not seek her long." Sans-pair thanked 
her, and prayed the god of love to befiriend him. 

The Pnnce met with no adventure on the road of suffioieiit 
consequence to detain him; but, on reaching the wood dose 
to the castle of the Magician and his sister, he thou^t he 
saw his shepherdess, and hastened to follow her. She glidBd 
away from him. *' Brilliante T he cried, ''adorable Bril* 
liantel  stay one instant I-^-deign to listen to me!" TbB 
phantom flitted still &ster, and in its pursuit he passed the 
remainder of the day. 'When night came on, he saw a great 
many lights in the castle ; he flattered himself his shepheonleBB 
might be there. He ran towards it, and entered without ai^ 
difficulty. He ascended a staircase, and saw, in a magnifioent 
saloon, a tall old Faiiy, horribly thin; her eyes resembled 
two burnt-out lamps; you could see through her jaws. Her 
arms were like laths, her fingers like knitting-needles,^ a skin 
of black shagreen^ covered her skeleton; yet with all this 
she wore rouge and patches, pink and green ribands, a mantle 
of silver brocade, a crown of diamonds on her head, and a 
profusion of jewels all about her. 

" At last. Prince," said she to him, " you have arrived, 
where I have long wished to see you. Think no more of your 
little shepherdess; a passion for one so much your inferior 
should make you blusL I am the Queen of Meteors. I am 
your firiend, and can be of infinite service to you if you love 
me." " Love youl" exclaimed the Prince, looking at her 
contemptuously ; " love you. Madam !  Am I master of 
my heart? No; I will never be unfeiithful; and I feel that 
even could I change, it is not you who would ever be the 
object of my afiections. Choose amongst your meteors some 
influence which may suit you. Love the air,  ^love the winds^ 
 and leave mortals in peace." 

(1) "Futeaux," i.e. Puseaua h denUlle. 

(2) Peau de chagrin noir. Shagreen is now an article almost olMoleto ; it 
a skin much used during the past century for watch and spectacle cases. 



THE GOLDEN BEANCH. 167 

The lUty was fieroe and passionate ; with two blows of her 

nnd she filled the galleiy with frightful monsters, against 

vikoiathd Prinoe was obliged to exert all his skill and courage. 

Some had werretBl heads and arm% others the forms of cen- 

tem and syrens. There were lions with human &ces, 

fhiozes^ ana flying dragons. Sana-pair had only his crook 

ttd a BmaU boar-ipear, that he had armed himself with 

wluii he set out on his journey. The tall Fairy interrupted 

the combat every now and then^ and demanded whether he 

would love her. His answer was always, that he had sworn 

to be fidthful^ and could not change. 

PkOYoked by his firmness, she coi^'ured up the form of 
SriQianta ''Tis welir said she to him; ''thou seest thy 
misiran at the end of this gallery. Think on what thou art 
bout to do. If thou refusest to marry me, she shall be torn 
to piecee by tigers before your eyes!" " Ah, Madam,** cried 
fbe Frinoe^ flinging himself at her feet^ '' I will die with plea^ 
flpie to save my beloved mistress! Spare her life, and take 
mine 1**  ** I want not thy life, traitor," said the Fairy ; '' it 
ii tli^ heart and thy hfina I demand.** Whilst they disputed, 
tiie Prinoe heard the voice of his shepherdess complaining, 
"Would you let me be devoured 1** she asked hiuL " If you 
kve me, resolve to do as the queen commands you.** 

The poor Prince hesitated. '' Have you then abandoned 
me, Benigne," he exclaimed, ''after all your promises 1  
Come, oh, come to our aid !*' He had scarcely spoken, when 
he heard a voice in the air which pronounced distinctly 
these words :  

" Leave all to Fate : but be constant, and seek the Golden 
Branch." 

The tall Fairy, who had made sure of victory through the 
assistance of so many illusions, was ready to go mad at find- 
ing so formidable an obstacle in her path as the protection of 
Benigne. "Fly my presence!** she exclaimed, "wretched 
and obstinate Prince 1  as thy heart is so full of flame, thou 
shalt be a cricket that is fond of heat and fire !** 

On the instant, the marvellously handsome Prince Sans- 
pair became a little dingy cricket, who would have burned 
himself alive in the nearest fireplace or oven, had he not 
remembered the friendly voice that had encouraged Mrci. 
" I must seek the Golden Branch/* said he , " pet^Sd^^ ^utia.\. 



168 THE GOLDEN BBANCH. 

will uncricket me. Ah ! if I find my shepherdess there, what 
will be wanting to my happiness?" 

The cricket hastened to leave the fatal palace, and without 
knowing which way he should go, commended himself to the 
protection of the Fairy Benigne, and set off without ceremony 
or weapons, for a cricket fears neither robbers nor accidentSL 
At his first resting-place, which was a hole in the trunk of 
a tree, he foimd a grasshopper, so very melancholy she could 
not sing. The cricket, never imagining that she was a reason- 
ing and intellectual creature, said to her, " Where art thou 
bound to, neighbour grasshopper?" "And you, neighbour 
cricket, where are you going to?" she asked in her turn. 
This reply astonished greatly the enamoured cricket. " How ! " 
said he ; " can you speak?" " Why, you speak well enough," 
cried she ; " do you think a grasshopper has less right to talk 
than a cricket?" "I can talk," said the cricket, "because 
I am a man." " And by the same rule," said the grasshopper, 
"I ought to talk more than you, because I'm a woman." 
"You have then suffered a fate synilar to mine?" said the 
cricket. "No doubt," answered the, grasshopper. "But, 
once more, whither go you?" rejoined the cricket ; " I should 
be delighted to find we were likely to remain a long time 
together." " I heard an unknown voice," replied she, " in the 
air; it said, * Leave all to Fate, and seek the Golden Branch!' 
I fancied this could only be addressed to me, and without 
pausing, set out on my journey, though I have no idea whither 
I should go." 

Their conversation was interrupted by two mice, who came 
running as fast as they could, and making for the hole at the 
foot of the tree, and flinging themselves in head foremost, 
nearly smothered neighbour cricket and neighbour grass- 
hopper, who got out of their way as best they could, into 
a little comer. " Ah, Madam," exclaimed the biggest mouse, 
" I have got a pain in my side with running so fast. How 
fares your highness?"  "I have pulled my tail off," replied 
the younger mouse, "otherwise I must still have remained 
upon the old sorcerer's table. But did you note how he 
pursued us ? How happy are we to have escaped from his 
infernal palace!"  " I am rather afraid of the cats and the 
mousetraps, my princess," continued the large mouse ; " and 
I pray fervently that we may soon arrive at the Golden 



THE GOLDEN BBANCH. 169 

Ji." '' Ton know the road to it then %" said her mousefied 
esB. ** Know it, Madam?  as well as I do that to my 
lonse," replied the other. '' It is a wonderful branch ; 
^le leaf of it is sufficient to make one rich for ever. It 
LeB yon with money, it dispels enchantments, it gives 
y, and preserves youth. We must set out to-morrow 
> day-break." ** We will have the honour to accompany 
adies," said the grasshopper, " if you have no objection ; 
an honest cricket whom you see here, for we as well as 
re pilgrims to the Golden Branch." A great many com- 
nts immediately passed between them, for the mice were 
ssses, whom the wicked Enchanter had tied to his table, 
he high breeding of the cricket and the grasshopper was 
s apparent whatever might be their situation. They 
>ke very early. They set out in solemn silence, for they 
afraid some sportsman on the look out, hearing them 
, would catch them, and put them into a cage ; and in 
me they arrived at the Golden Branch. It was planted in 
liddle of a wonderful garden. The walks, in lieu of sand, 
strown with small oriental pearls rounder than peas, 
x^ses were crimson-coloured diamonds, and the leaves 
emeralds; the blossoms of the pomegranates were 
ts ; the marigolds were topazes ; the jonquils, yellow 
tnts j and the violets, sapphires ; the blue-bells, turquoises ; 
ulips, amethysts, opals, and diamonds. In short, the 
er and variety of fliese beautiful flowers dazzled more 
the sun. 

re, then, (as I have already told you,) was the Golden 
5h, the same that Prince Peerless received from the 
, and with which he touched the Fairy Benigne when 
ras enchanted. It had grown as high as the highest 
around it, and was covered with rubies in the form of 
ies. As soon as the cricket, the grasshopper, and the 
nice approached it, they recovered their natural forms. 
; joy, what transports filled the breast of the fond 
e, at the sight of his beautiful shepherdess! He flung 
slf at her feet. He was about to express to her all he 
t so agreeable and unhoped-for a surprise, when Queen 
;ne and King Trasimene appeared in matchless pomp, 
rery thing corresponded with the magnificence of the 
D. Four cupidsj armed cap-d-pie, with, bo^a aX* \}cifeYC 



170 THE GOLDEN BBANCH. 

sides, and quivers on their shoulders, supported with their 
arrows a little canopy of gold and blue bro{ule, under whidi 
were seen two splendid crowns. "Hither, channing lovers!" 
said the Queen, extending her arms towards them; ''come^ 
and receive from our hands the crowns which your virtue^ 
your birth, and your constancy deserve. Your toils are about 
to change for pleasures. Princess Brilliante," continued she^ 
" the shepherd, so alarming to your heart, is the very Prince 
who was destined for you by your &ther and his own. He 
did not die in the tower. Beceive him as your husband, and 
leave to me the care of your happiness and tranquiUity." 
The Princess, delighted, flung herself into the arms of Be- 
nigne, and by the tears which flowed down her cheeks, proved 
to her that excess of joy had rendered her speechless. Sans- 
pair knelt before the generous Fairy, respectfully kissed 
her hands, and uttered a thousand unconnected sentences. 
Trasimene embraced him heartily ; and Benigne, in a few 
words, informed them that she had hardly ever quitted them, 
 that it was she who had proposed to Brilliante to blow 
into the white and yellow muff,  ^that she had assumed the 
form of an old shepherdess in order to take the Princess as 
a lodger,  and that it was she also who had directed the Prince 
which way he should go in search of his shepherdess. " It 
is true," continued she, " that you have undergone sufferings 
which I would have spared you had it been in my power; 
but the pleasures of love must be bought at some cost." 

At this moment they heard some sweet music which 
floated around them. The cupids hastened to crown the 
young lovers ; the marriage rites were performed ; and during 
the ceremony, the two princesses, who had recovered their 
forms, implored the Fairy to exert her power to deliver the 
other unfortunate mice and cats who langmshed in despair 
in the Enchanter's castle. " I can refuse you nothing on 
such a day as this," answered the Fairy ; so saying, she struck 
the Golden Branch three times, and all who had been con- 
fined in the castle appeared in their natural forms^-each 
lover finding his mistress. The liberal Fairy, desirous that 
nothing should be wanting to the fete, gave the whole con- 
tents of the press in the keep to be divided amongst the 
company. The value of this present was more than that 
of ten kingdoms in those days. It is easy to imagine their 



1^^ THE GOLDEN BRANCH. 171 

isfitction and gratitude. Benigne and Trasimene crowned 
! great work by a generosity which Burpflssed aU that they 
I hitherto exhibited. They declared that the Palace and 
:den of the Golden Branch should, for the future, be the 
perty of King Sana-pair and Queen Brilliante. A fauu- 
d other sovereigDa were their tributaries, and a hundred 
gdoms their dependencies. 



la the Hul which thcj adorn. 



THE BEE AND THE ORANGE TEEE. 



There was once upon a time a King and a Queen who 
wanted nothing to^make them happy but children. The 
Queen was akeady aged; she had lost all hopes of having 
any  when she found herself likely to become a mother, and 
in due time brought into the world the most beautiful girl 
that was ever seen. Joy was extreme in the palace; each 
person was endeavouring to find a name for the Princess that 
would express their feeling towards her. At last they called 
her Aim6e. The Queen had engraved upon a turquoise- 
heart the name of Aim6e, daughter of the King of the Happy 
Island ; she tied it round the Princess's neck, believing that 
the turquoise would bring her good fortune. But the rule 
failed in this case; for one day, when, to amuse the nurse, 
they took her out to sea in the finest summer weather, all 
at once there arose so tremendous a tempest that it was 
impossible to land, and as she was in a little boat, which was 
only used for pleasure trips close in-shore, it soon went to 
pieces. The nurse and all the sailors perished. The little 
Princess, who was sleeping in her cradle, remained floating 
upon the water, and was ultimately thrown by the waves on 
the coast of a very pretty country, but which was scarcely 
inhabited since the Ogi*e Eavagio and his wife Tourmentine 
had come to live there : they ate up everybody. The Ogres 
are terrible people : when once they have tasted fresh meat 
(it is thus they term human flesh), they will hardly ever eat 
anything else ; and Tourmentine always found out some secret 
manner of attracting a victim, for she was half a feiiry. 



THK BKB AND THE ORANGS TBXE. 173 

 A league off she melt the pooir little Prinoeas; she ran to 

liie Axae in aearoli of her before BaTagio could find her. 

Tbe^ irere eqoalty greedy, and neyer were seen such hideous 

Igorea^ eaoh with one squinting eye in the middle of the 

ftroheady a mouth as laige as ^t of an oven, a nose laige 

nd flat, long asses' ears, hair standing on en^ and humps 

behind and before. When Tourmentine, however, saw Aim4e 

in her rich oradle, wrapped in swaddling-olothes of gold bro- 

ende, playing with her little hands, her cheeks resembling the 

vhite rose mixed with the carnation, and her little vermilion 

miling mouth half open, which seemed to smile at the horrid 

monster who came to devour her, the Ogress, touched with 

pity she had never felt before, resolved to nurse it, and if 

die did eat it, not to do so directly. She took the child in 

her arms^ tied the cradle on her back, and in this manner 

die returned to her cave. '* Look, Bavagio," said she to her 

hnsfaand, " here is some fresh meat, very plump, very tender ; 

hat, fay my head! thou shalt not touch it with teeth,  ^it is a 

beaatifiil litde girl. I shall bring it up, and we will many 

her to our son; they rill have some extraordinary little 

OgreiB^ and that will amuse us in our old age."  " Well said," 

roplied Bavagio; ''thou art wise, as thou art great. Let me 

look at the dbild  ^it seems wonderfully beautiful I" '' Do not 

eat it!" said Tourmentine, putting the child in his great 

dutehes. ''No, no," said he; "I would rather die of hunger." 

'Here, then, were Bavagio, Tourmentine, and the young Ogre, 

caressing Aim6e in so tender a manner that it was miraculous. 

But the poor child, who only saw these deformed creatures 

around her, and not her nurse, began to put up its lip, and 

then she cried lustily; Bavagio*s cavern echoed with it. 

Tourmentine, fearing tibe noise would fiighten her still more, 

took and carried her into the wood, her children following 

her. She had six  each one uglier than the other. She 

was half a &iry, as I have said before ; her power consisted 

in a little ivory wand, which she held in her hand when she 

wished for an3rthing. She took the wand then, and said, 

" I wish, in the name of the royal fairy, Trufio, that the 

most beautiful hind in our forests, gentle and tame, would 

leave its fawn, and come hither directly, and nurse this little 

creature that Fortune has sent me." Immediately a bmd 

appeared J the little Ogrea welcomed her kindly, ^^ ^^j  



1 A53 ax OKXNCK TSEE. 

s carried 
g sod guaboling 

<lte^ilka^tf il^ indkdit Wlienshel 

 oadb md aia4. tke bod wms always leaAj tr. 

^ Ae il& <%K iib4 her. 

M Ik K^'k db^kar hntoght up, wtiile tbsr 
A^IksJ hK turn w^t w^ i^y and bdieving she s 
iiw^. Ae Kbk ~* i -j.*-' af Acwwng an beir. He spoke to 
- ~ . .- . - -'iijm to do what he judged 

id  that ehe had no hope 
t he had waited long enough  and 
ed sinM she had the misery of 
be foDy now to expect her 

Tbft Ki^ beaded opon asking his brother to select 
amoogtt hn aooa the one be tbon^t most worthy to reign, 
ftad to tend him without dday to him. The ambaiwadora, 
baring received their cndentials and all necessary inetruoHon, 
departed. It was a great cUstance off; they were embarked 
on ttoard some fine Teasels. The wind was favourable, and 
they amred in a short time at the polcice of the Khig^ 
brother, who waa in possession of a lai^ kingdom. He 
rooeived them very graciously; and when they asked him 
jiermiesion to take bank with them one of his sons to succeed 
their master the King, he wept for joy; and told them that 
ninco his brother left the choice to him, be would send him 
t)io ono ho would have taken for himself; which was the second 
of IiIh Hons, whose inclinations were so well a\iited to the great- 
iii'Mw iif hw birth, thiit lie found him perfect in everything he 
I'i'iilil winIi him to be. They sent for the Prince Aim6, {so 
"UN hi! called,) and however prejudiced in his fevoiu- tlw 
iiiiiliiiiuhn-a wore previously, they were perfectly astonished 
whi'ii (hoy Biiw liiiu. He was eighteen years old. Love, the 
.V.iiiii.it K,l of h>vo hinisolf, was less beautifid  but it was 
HlM-nuly which dotnicted nothing from that noble and martial 
Mv whii-li iiii(]nvi>a rospeot and affection. He waa informed 
"f Inn niivi.ity of tho King his nncte to have him near him; 
nil of 11,^ iutonti.m of tliP King his fether to hasten bis de- 
iwm. 'l-iuiy tii>>ir.tl his Muipage. He took his leave, 
wvk^). ftu>\ ,->" 'V' *.<^ Lit him sail on; let Fortniw 



THE BEE AND THE ORANGE TREE. 175 

oar young Princess. Her beauty increased with her age, 
and they might well say of her that Love, the Graces, and 
all the goddesses combined, never possessed so many 
charm& It appeared, when she was in the dark cavern with 
Ravagio, Toormentine, and the yoimg Ogres, that the sun, 
stars, and skies had descended into it. llie cruelty of these 
monsters had the effect of making her still gentler j and from 
the moment she was aware of their terrible inclination 
for human flesh, she was always endeavouring to save the 
unfortunate people who fell into their hands, so much so 
that she often exposed herself to their fury. She would have 
been sacrificed to it had not the young Ogre guarded her like 
the apple of his eye. Ah! what will not love do? This little 
monster's nature had become softened by seeing and loving 
this beautiful Princess; but, alas! what was her grief when 
she thought she must marry this detestable lover ! Although 
she knew nothing of her birth, she had rightly guessed from her 
rich clothes, the gold chain, and the turquoise, that she was 
of good birth, and she believed so still more from the feelings 
of her heart. She neither knew how to read or write, nor 
any language ; she spoke the jargon of the Ogres ; she lived 
in perfect ignorance of all worldly matters; she possessed, 
however, as fine principles of virtue, and as sweet and un- 
affected manners, as though she had been brought up in the 
most pob'shed court in the universe. She had made herself a 
tiger-skin dress, her arms were half naked, she wore a quiver 
and arrows over her shoulder, and a bow at her side. Her 
fiur hair was &stened only by a platted band of sea-rushes, 
and floated in the breeze over her neck and shoulders. She 
also wore buckskins, made of the same rush. In this attire, 
she walked about the woods like a second Diana ; and she 
would never have known she was beautiful if the crystal foun- 
tains had not been innocent mirrors for her  which she gazed 
into without their inducing her to be vain, or think more of 
herself. The sun had a similar effect upon her complexion, 
as upon wax ; it made it whiter, and the sea air could not tan 
it. She never ate anything but what she took in hunting or 
fishing, and under this pretext she often absented herself from 
the horrible cavern, to avoid looking at the most deformed 
objects in nature. " Heavens!" cried she, in shedding tears, 
*' what have I done, that thou hast destined me to be the 



176 THE BEB AND THE ORANGE TEEE. 

bride of this cruel little Ogrel Why didst thou not leave me 
to perish in the sea ? Why didst thou preserve a life, that 
must be spent in this deplorable manner? Hast thou not 
some compassion for my grief?" She thus addressed the 
gods, and implored their aid. 

When the weather was rough, and she thought the sea had 
cast some unfortunate persons on shore, she would carefiiUy go 
and assist them, and prevent them from approaching the Ogieflf 
cavern. It had been blowing fearfully throughout one night: 
she arose as soon as it was day, and ran towai'ds the sea. She 
perceived a man, who, with his arms locked round a plank, 
was trying to gain the shore, notwithstanding the violence of 
the waves, which continually repulsed him. The Princess was 
most anxious to help him; she made signs to him, to indi- 
cate the easiest landing places ; but he neither saw nor beard 
her. Sometimes he came so close, that it appeared he had 
but one step to make, when a wave would cover him, and he 
disappeared. At last he was thrown upon the sand, and lay 
stretched on it without motion. Aimee drew near him, and, 
notwithstanding his death-like appearance, she rendered him 
all the assistance she could. She always carried about her 
certain herbs, the odour of which was so powerful, it recovered 
any one from the longest fainting-fit. She pressed them in 
her hands, and rubbed his lips and temples with some of 
them. He opened his eyes, and was so astonished at the 
beauty and the dress of the Princess, that he could hardly 
determine if it were a dream or reality. He spoke first ; she 
spoke in her turn. They could not understand each other, 
and looked at one another with much attention, mingled with 
astonishment and pleasure. The Princess had only seen some 
poor fishermen that the Ogres had entrapped, and whom she 
had saved, as I have already said. What must she, then, have 
thought, when she saw the handsomest and best made man in 
the world, most magnificently dressed ! It was, in short, the 
Prince Aim^, her cousin-german, whose fleet, driven by a 
tempest, had gone to pieces on these shoals, and their crews, 
at the mercy of the winds and waves, had perished, or been 
cast upon unknown shores. The young Prince, for his part, 
was astonished at seeing so beautiful a creature, in such 
savage attire, and in so deserted a country ; and the remem- 
brance of the princes and ladies he had so recently quitted, 



THE BEE AND THE ORANGE TREE. 177 

only served to conyince him that the being he now beheld 
&r surpassed them alL In this mutual astonishment they 
continued to talk, without being understood by each other; 
their looks and their actions being the sole interpreters of 
their thoughts : when, after some moments, the Princess 
suddenly recollecting to what danger this stranger was 
about to be expose<^ the deepest melancholy and dejection 
became expressed in her countenance. The Prince, fearing 
she was about to faint, evinced great anxiety, and would have 
taken her hand, but she rrptdsed him, and endeavoiu*ed, as 
well as she could, to impress upon him that he must go away. 
She b^an to run before him ; then retiuned, and made signs 
to him to do so. He accordingly ran from her, and returned. 
When he returned, she was angry with him; she took her 
arrows, and pointed them to her heart, to signify to him that 
he would be killed. He thought she wished to kill him ; he 
knelt on one knee, and awaited the blow. When she saw 
that, she knew not what to do, or how to express herself; and, 
looking at him tendierly, " What," said she, " must thou, then, 
be the victim of my frightful hosts 1  ^must these very eyes, 
which now gaze on thee with so much pleasure, see thee torn 
in pieces, and devoured without mercy?" She wept; and the 
Prince was quite at a loss to comprehend the meaning of her 
actions. She succeeded, however, in making him understand 
she did not wish him to follow her. She took him by the 
hand, and led him into a cave in a rock, the mouth of which 
opened towards the sea. It was very deep : she often went 
there to deplore her misfortunes ; sometimes she slept there, 
when the sun was too powerful to return to the Ogres' cavern ; 
and, as she had great neatness and skill, she had furnished it 
with hangings of butterflies' wings, of various colours; and 
upon canes, twisted and passed one within the other, which 
formed a sort of couch, she had spread a carpet of sea-rushes. 
She had placed clusters of flowers in large and deep shells, 
answering the purpose of vases, which she filled with water, 
to preserve her bouquets. There were a thousand pretty 
little things she had manu&ctured, some with fish-bones and 
shells, and others with the sea-rush and cane ; and these arti- 
cles, notwithstanding their simplicity, were so exquisitely 
made, it was easy to judge from them of the good taste and 
ingenuity of the Princess. The Prince was perfectly surprised 

N 



ousdi ns. 




ZLT 



d Uviar MK hK. I > (ks onwna to i^ Ih kioA 
m-mll-iii^ iililiiiM sPdd mII him. 5b i^^ Im 
tiibw k ; whL  bAmm Am Aa mibed luB to Mi^H la 
ite wwU. fOMMM bm  ittiag to wl^ aha nhaftMd * 
hHit.tebH)Mift pttiknwiritiiaPriiioB'bnm, ^ tnl 

^4 ba* <M afati dl diiphMag ber, ud beaa* kK k 

wiailMi^fta^^idt (wtoibwn dirarted bf tba |bb^ 

"tikmfhmtm. * Wbn ua I r aid be. " Into 4itf eoobjr 

b| Ibiliiiw ]ti mt Xjr wads m lost, mj paoffa m 

^MuMj,Mi t iiMraiMilBKUt IntteadoftbeerMBtiai 

M .,<|hn.a ow. I dtt^Tdtenv loc^ in which I aak a 

ft.>y. wi.... --.M|| ifniAm* What sort of pecfk 

i> ( >.M tMi ( irt4Mteji%BeN>mthepen)ODwfaohH 

'JMW^^MktiMl4n4lLdl&MiM; but tha fear die bMl tfad 

1 *W4 falhwW  c^ Mtd barbarous langoagc iriiidi 

""""W %, tWfv iKioi bwr beantiltil month, mdnces me to 

'^^^ >ui^Uu4a '*^l uwrw uawrtuuate will happen to me j 

^ ^" ** 'iv4Vj^NMrni.- He then applied bimaelf eniirelj 

Vvw!!!'""*'*''' '"^ =^"^ -*11 ei uiL-omparable duknos of tha 

il^^^JJ*!^^- ''^ i**"* Hit* Jii Sre; he became impatient 

"* ''l 'nlrL'*h^ "**". -utd itvr ieiK appeared tde greatest 

JvuM Mw (M.r^ ?** '^'wtrinri  ^lioUj aa Ae posahly 

Wudu J^./r**^'***^a,Mbub* the PriMsa;. and audi 

rj ^^*C *'k"^ ** l-tfcl- "  her 
^v-l hv,n,.,. ,,,. ^ "iij^Ii li aa inspinnc iiir. She 



ni"--ij'v~' rk*''^ ^-^ **i so excited, amd $be had 

e s j..T,'- ,^\w'*'"* **"** Mrved aa  mantle 

M bv "^S.S"r f^-^. """ "-' fa", 
, "^^- h* wrtswoly waa wor than 

,.,,. ,,,,_, , ,' '"'' ber feintoeaa, ehe 

(rthcw, lour nwMi^ .>! '' "* Iwvwbt him: amomr 



^v. wiis. ^\s ^- ""^^. otf wrtsunhr waa wor than 

vfc|J"v.Hl il ,K^ ||T. f f,7^^'>"^ '"" ber feintoea, ehe 
(rthcw, lour lar.,.,.. ....."* -^'' 't lv*^t him; amoi^ 

^^jd by the sun; 

' 't^^^MC &u.lta. The 







Vn BB AND THl QRANGEB XBO. 170 

irart of cedar and eagle-wood,^ the kni& of Btone, the 
of km leayea of tneii rvj aoft and pliahle ; 
aib^ to drink out o( and another filled with bean- 
water. The Pdnee exprened hia gratitude to her by all 
fligna he oooldof head and of haodi^ and she with a sweet 

ifUU made him nndeiatand that all he did was agreeable to . 

'^.jEir. But the hour of separation having arriTedy she made him 

mjfwb&Qj nndenrtand that they must part, that they both 
tBontoa^^andhid their tears from each other. Shearose, 

' CM would haye gone, but the Prince uttered a loud cry, and 
ftvBW himself at her feet, begging her to remain. She saw 
fkady what he meant, but she repulsed him with a little air 
tfae V er i t y ; and he &lt he must accustom himself by times to 

veberhuer. 

To tell the truth he passed a miserable night; that of the 
Mneeas was not any better. When she returned to the 
fanem, and found herself surrounded by the Ogrea and their 
ifciidren,  ^when she contemplated the frightful little Ogre, as 
the monster that would become her husband, and thought of 
the charms of the stranger she had just quitted,  she Mt 
hicilined to throw herself head foremost into the sea ;  added 
to all this, the fSsar that Bavagio, or Tourmentine, would 
smell fresh meat, and that they would go straightway to the 
rock, and dcYour Prince Mmi, 

These Tarious fears kept her awake all night ; she arose at 
daybreak, and went to the seashore ; she ran, she flew there, 
laoen with parrots, monkeys, and a bustard; fruits, milk, 
and everything of the best. The Prince had not taken off 
his clothes, he had suffered so much from fiektigae at sea, 
and had slept so little, that towards the morning he had 
fiJlen into a doze. ''What!'* said she, in awaking him; " 1 
have thought of you ever since I left you ; I have not even 
closed my eyes, and you are able to sleep!" The Prince 
looked at her, and listened without understanding her. In 
his turn he spoke, " What joy, my darling," said he to her, 
kissing her hands ; " what joy it is to see you again ! It 
appears an age since you left this rock." He talked some 

(1) Canambour, Calambour, Calambuc, Box* d^Aigle, the odoriferous wood of a 
pedes of Aloe, a native of Mexico and of Cochin-China. It was much used in the 
manufacture of toys. Madame de Sevigne mentions a lotary ot Ct^ambuc Vn Vi 
letter of the 9tb June, 1680. 



JBO TBt BEt iXD IHI 




ate II ii I it wrw*^ 
^taiiiiii aiiniirfiff-'^ 







1 1 IILII Mifl IllllfcO IIIIIT 



 tat ~.Tirrmeed lb 
Si *i iierfectl; 



::tie ?niiBeK nio had pa 

^jKtrri. ^iif triniet  

XM moBi eitraMt 

".\-"t.vlva. ajit IIP nifir- tir 
,v *.* ,!--ui tanii- p;^ 

*^:^ tMi>nni im _._ . 

Ihuite. ((vituir tL- lis- a^i wfu.7,in; "aiiaE; iier hajK 
>.<***it i, ^^tunsiu- hf utoi ia- r Iter geoe 
W! ^*.-.uij Mv tniifc-- ^i-^ va  xra^ sanabei to 

- -J ^iiUfffSS*-" 



THE BEE AND THE 0BAN6E TREE. 181 

Ate, and expected to be scolded by the terrible Tour- 
B, she was much surprised at being lavourably received; 
ding a table covered with fruits^ she asked to be 
to take some. Bavagio told her that they were in- 
fer her; that the young Ogre had been gathering them, 
kt it was now time to make him happy ; that three 
Bnce he wished her to marry him. What tidings! 
there be any in the world more dreadful for this 
) Princess ! She thought she should die of fright and 
ut, concealing her afl&iction, she replied she would obey 
wtiout repugnance, provided they would give her a 
mger time. Ravagio became angry, and said, " What 
prevent my instantly devouring you?'* The poor 
8 fainted with fear in the claws of Tourmentine and 
iiDg Ogre, who loved her dearly, and who entreated 
3 so much that he appeased him. Aim^e did not sleep 
mt; she waited for daylight with impatience. As soon 
ppeared, she flew to the rock, and when she saw the 
die uttered sad cries, and shed rivers of tears. He 
ed almost motionless ; his love for the beautiful Aim6e 
creased in four days, more than a common passion 
have done in four years ; he was dying to ask her what 
ppened. She knew he could not understand her, and 
think of no mode of explanation. At last she untied 
ig hair  she put a wreath of flowers on her head, and 
Aiiii6's hand, she made signs, expressing that they in- 
she was to do so with another. He comprehended 
iaery that was threatening him, and that they were 
to marry her. He felt he should expire at her feet ; 
w neither the roads, nor the means of saving her, nor 
e. They shed tears together  looked at each other  
utually signified it would be better to die together than 
separated. She stayed with him till the evening; but 
[bt advanced sooner than they expected it, and being 
^ thought, she did not attend to the paths she took ; 
fitered a part of the wood very little frequented, and 
' a long thorn pierced her foot through and through : 
lyfor her she was not far from the cavern. She had 
'trouble in reaching it  her foot was all over blood. 
?io, lourmentjnoj and the joung Ogres, came to Yi^r 
^. SJic suffered great pain when they took out tlie 



183 THE BKE AND THE QBAKCT TRIE. 

tbora; they gathered herbs, and applied them to her loot; 
and she retired, yery uneasyy as may be imagined, about her 
dear Prince. ''Alas!" said she, ^'I riiall not be able tomlk 
to-morrow; what will he think, if he does not see met I 
made him understand they intended marrying me; he will 
think I have not been able to prevent it; who will feed himt 
Howeyer he may act, it will be death to him; if he come 
to seek me, he is lost; if I send one of the young Ogres to 
him, Bavagio will know of it." She biast into tears; fllie 
sighed; and would rise early in the morning; but it wm 
impossible for her to walk; her wound was too painlbl ; and 
Tourmentine, who saw her creeping out, stopped her^ and 
said if she took another step she would eat her. 

In the meantime the Prince, finding her usual hour tot 
being with him was passed, became distressed and firij^tened; 
the faster the time flew, the more his fears increased; all tbe 
punishments in the world would have appeared less toribk 
to him than the anxieties to which his love consigned him. 
He constrained himself to have patience, but the longer In 
waited, the less hope he had. At length he determined to 
die, and rushed out resolyed at all risks to seek his amiable  
princess. He walked on, he knew not whither; he followed ^ 
a beaten path that he saw at the entrance of the wood ; after ^ 
walking for about an hour, he heard a noise, and perceived i 
the cavern, from whence came a thick smoke; he expected 
he should obtain some information there. He entered; 
and he had scarcely taken a step when he saw Bavagio, who, 
instantly seizing him with immense strength, would have 
devoured him, had not the cries he uttered in defending him- 
self reached the ears of his dear love. At the sound of that <^ 
voice she felt nothing could stop her; she rushed out of the ) 
hole she slept in, and entered that part of the cavern where u 
Bavagio was holding the poor Prince; she was pale and ^ 
trsmUing as though he would have eaten her. She threw ^ 
hivtelf upon her knees before him, and entreated him to keep t 
this firesh meat for the day of her marriage with the young jt^ 
Ogrt| and she herself would eat him. At these words Bavagio -j: 
was BO satisfied to think the Princess would follow their cuft- ^ 
toms, that he let go the Prince, and shut him up in the hole \t 
'^ "^ voung Ogrea slept. Aim6e be^ed to be allowed '^ 
that he might not ^t \}cica^xA>i>caX>V<&\(^^t ^ 



THE BIfiE AND THE OBANGE TREE. 183 

do honour to the nuptial repast. The Ogre consented to it; 
she took the hest of everything to the Prince. When he 
saw her enter his joy diminished his wretchedness, but his 
grief was renewed when she showed him her wounded foot. 
They wept together for some time. The Prince could not 
eat, but his dear mistress cut such delicate pieces with her 
own hands, and presented them to him with so much kind- 
ness, that it was impossible to refuse them. She made the 
young Ogres bring fresh moss, which she covered with birds' 
feathers, and caused the Prince to understand it was for his 
bed. Tourmentine called her; she could only bid adieu to 
him by stretching out her hand; he kissed it with transports 
of affection which cannot be described, and in her eyes he read 
the expression of her feelings. Ravagio, Tourmentine, and 
tiie Princess, slept in one of the recesses of the cavern. The 
young Ogre, and five little Ogres, slept in the other, where the 
Prince was. It is the custom in Ogreland, that the Ogre, 
Ogress^ and the young Ogres, always sleep in their fine gold 
erowna. This is the only pomp they indulge in ; and they would 
rather be hung or strangled than forego it. When they were 
all asleep, the Princess, who was thinking of her lover, re- 
membered, that although Bavagio and Tourmentine had 
given her their word of honour they would not eat him ; if 
they felt hungry in the night, (which was almost always the 
case when there was fi'esh meat near them,) it would be all over 
with him; and the anxiety occasioned by this horrid thought, 
wrought on her to such a degree, she was ready to die with 
fright. After pondering for some time, she arose, hastily 
threw on her tiger-skin, and groping her way without making 
my noise, she entered the cavern, where the little Ogres were 
uleep. She took the crown from tb.e head of the first she 
came to, and put it upon that of the Prince, who was wide 
Etwake, but did not dare appear to be, not knowing who was 
perfonning this ceremony. The Princess then returned to 
her own little bed. She had scarcely crept into it, when 
Bavagio, dreaming of the good meal he might have made of 
the Prince, and his appetite increasing while he thought of 
it, arose in his turn, and went into the hole where the little 
Ogres were sleeping. As he could not distinctly see, fearing 
he should make a mistake^ he felt about with \i\s Y\aii^, ^xv^ 
librowing himself upon the one who had no crown on, ctmu^^ 



184 THE BEX AND THE ORANGE TREE. 

him, as he would a chickeD. The poor Princess, who heud 
the cracking of the bones of the unfortunate creature he iru 
eating, was &int and dying with fear that it might be her 
lover ; and the Prince, for his part, who was much neua, 
was a prey to all the terrors consequent on such a situatico. 
Morning relieved the Princess of her terrible anxiety; aha 
quickly sought for the Prince, and by her signs, made him 
sufficiently understand her fears, and her impatience to see 
him safe from the murderous teeth of these monsters. She 
spoke kindly to him, and he would have uttered a thousand 
kinder words to her, but for the arrival of the Ogress, iHio 
came to look at her children. She perceived the oavem filled 
with blood, and missed her yoimgest Ogre. She uttered 
horrible shrieks. Ravagio soon found out what he had done 
 ^biit the evil could not be remedied. He whispered to her, 
that being hungry, he had chosen the wrong, for he thou^t 
he had eaten the fresh meat. 

Tourmentine pretended to be pacified, for Bavagio was 
cruel, and if she had not taken his apology in good part, he 
very likely would have devoured her. But, alas ! how much 
the beautiful Princess suflfered firom anxiety ! She was always 
thinking by what means she could save the Prince ; and he 
could only think of the frightful place this amiable girl was 
living in. He could not make up his mind to go away bo 
long as she was there  death would have been preferable to a 
separation. He made her understand this by repeated signs; 
 she implored him to fly, and save his own life ; they shed 
tears, pressed each other's hands, and in their respective lan- 
guages, vowed to each other reciprocal faith and everlasting 
love. She could not resist showing him the clothes she had 
on when Tourmentine found her, and also the cradle she was 
in. The Prince recognised the arms and device of the King 
of the Happy Island. At this sight he was in raptures; the 
Princess remarked his transports of joy, which led her to be- 
lieve that he had learned something of importance from the 
sight of this cradle. She was dying to know what it meant  
but how could he make her aware whose daughter she was, 
and how nearly they were related? All she could make out 
was, that she had great reason to rejoice. The hour for 
retiring was come, and they went to their beds as on the pre- 
ceding night. The Princess, a prey to the same misgivings, 



THE BEE AND THE ORANGE THEE. 185 

got up quietly, went into the cavern where the Prince was, 
gently took the crown from one of the little Ogres, and put 
it on her lover's head, who dared not detain her, however 
deaiTous he was to do so. The respect he had for her, and 
the fear of displeasing her, prevented him. The Princess 
ooold not have done better than putting the crown upon 
Aim^B head. Without this precaution, he would have been 
loBt The barbarous Tourmentine started up out of her 
sleep, and thinking of the Prince, whom she considered more 
beautiful than the day, and very tempting food, she was so 
frightened that Ravagio woidd eat him by himself, that she 
thought she woidd be beforehand with him. She glided, 
without uttering a word, into the young Ogres' cavern ; she 
gently touched those that had crowns on their head (the 
Prince was of the number), and one of the little Ogres was 
gone in three mouthsfuL Aim6 and his lady-love heard all, 
and trembled with fear; but Tourmentine, having accom- 
plished, her purpose, now only wanted to go to sleep ; so they 
were safe for the remainder of the night. '^ Heaven aid us !" 
cried the Princess. " Suggest to me what we can do in such 
a pressing extremity!" The Prince prayed as fervently; 
sometimes he felt inclined to attack these two monsters, and 
fight with them ; but what hope had he of obtaining any advan- 
tage over them?  they were as tall as giants, and their skin 
was proof against pistol-shot; so that he came to the more 
prudent conclusion, that ingenuity could alone extricate 
them from this frightful position. As soon as it was day, 
and Tourmentine found the bones of her little Ogre, she 
filled the air with fearful howls. Ravagio appeared in as 
much despair. They were a hundred times very nearly 
throwing themselves upon the Prince and Princess, and 
devouring them without mercy. They had hidden them- 
selves in a little dark corner, but the cannibals knew full 
well where they were, and of all the perils they had encoun- 
tered, this seemed the most imminent. Aim6e, racking her 
brains, all at once remembered that the ivory wand which 
Tourmentine possessed performed wonders; why, she herself 
could not tell. '* If, notwithstanding her ignorance," said 
she, " these surprising things occur, why should not my 
words have as much effect?" Filled with this idea, slve r^xv. 
to the cavern in which TourmcntinQ slept; she looked toe \}5>= 



186 THE BEE AND THE QBAN6B TBXE. 

wand, that was hidden in a hole; and as soon as she had it 
in her hand, she said  ^* I wish, in the name of the Bojal 
Fairy Tnifio^ to speak the language of him I loYe i" tm 
would have made many other wishes, but Ravagio entered-*- 
the Princess held her tongue, and putting back fiie wand, ikt 
very quietly returned to the Prince. ^ Dear stranger," die 
said, '' your troubles affect me much more than my own do!" 
At these words the Prince was struck with astonishment 
'* I understand you, adorable Princess!" said he; " you speak 
my language, and I hope that you, in your turn, underrtand 
that I suffer less for myself tlum for you ; that you are deaier 
to me than my life, than the light of day, and all that is 
most beautiful in nature!" ''My expressions are more 
simple," replied the Princess, " but they are not the less sin- 
cere. I feel I would give everything in the rocky cavern 
on the sea-shore,  all my sheep, lambe^ in short all I posseeH^ 
for the pleasure of beholding you." 

The Prince thanked her a thousand times for her kindnesB, 
and begged her to tell him who had taught her in so short a 
time to speak, in so perfect a manner, a language till then 
unknown. She told him of the power of the enchanted 
wand, and he informed her of her birth, and their relation to 
each other. The Princess was transported with joy; and as 
nature had endowed her with extraordinary intellect, she ex- 
pressed it in such choice and well-turned phrases, that the 
Prince was more in love with her than ever. They had not 
much time to lose in settling their affairs ; it was a question of 
flight from these irritated monsters, and speedily to seek an 
asylum for themselves. They promised to love each other 
for ever ; and to unite their destinies, the moment they were 
able to be married. The Princess told her lover, that as 
soon as she saw Ravagio and Tourmentine were asleep, she 
would fetch their great camel, and that they would get 
on it, and go wherever it pleased heaven to conduct them. 
The Prince was so delighted he could with diJ0Biculty con- 
tain his joy, and many things, that still alarmed him, were 
effaced by the charming prospect of the future. The night so 
long looked for arrived : the Princess took some meal, and 
kneaded it with her white hands, into a cake, in which she 
put a bean ; then, she said, holding the ivory wand, " Oh, 
" 9an^ little bean I I wish, in the nama o^ \Jaa to^1 fairy^ 



THI BBB AHD THB QRANCT TBXB. 187 

thai jaa xokj speak, if it be neoesBary, till yon are 
' ShB pat this cake in the hot cinders, and then vent 
[is! die Srinoe, wlio was waiting most impatientlj, in the 
le lodging belonging to the joong Ogres. '* Let ns 
[m* said she^ ^ tibe camd is tethered in tiie wood." *' May 
I jm and fcrtnne guide ns," replied the Prince, in a low 
KJea ^ Come, oome, my Aim^ ; let ns seek a happy and 
bsaoefal abode.** It was moonlight; she had secinred the 
mKj wand ; they found the camd, and went on the road, 
aot knowing whither. In the meantime Tourmentine, who 
ma ftdl of grief^ kept turning about without being able to 
daep; die put out her arm to feel if the Princess was in her 
bed yet; and not finding her, she. cried out in a voice of 
ftmider, ^ Where art thoii, girir *< I am near the fire," an- 
iwRsd the bean. *' Wilt thou come to bed t" said Tourmen- 
tine j '^Directiy," replied the bean ; ''go to sleep, go to sleep." 
Tonrmentine fearing to wake Eavagio, ceased speaking; 
hot in about two hours afterwards, she again felt in Aim6e's 
little bed, and cried out, ''Whal^ thou little jade, thou 
wilt not come to bed?" ''I am warming myself as much 
as I can," answered the bean. ** I wish thou wast in the 
middle of the fire, for thy pains ! " added the Ogress. *' I am 
there,*' said ^e bean, *'and none ever warmed themselves 
nearer." They still continued talking, for the bean kept up 
the conversaticm, like a very clever b^n. Towards the morn- 
ing, Tourmentine again called the Princess; but the bean 
was baked, and did not answer. This silence made her 
uneasy,  she got up very angry; looked about her; called; 
alarmed everybody; and searched in every direction. No 
Princess ! no Prince ! no little wand 1 She shrieked so loudly, 
that the rocks and valleys echoed again. '' Wake up, my 
poppet; awake, dear Ravagio; thy Tourmentine is betrayed. 
Our firesh-meat has run away." Ravagio opened his eye, and 
bounded into the middle of the cavern like a lion ; he roared, 
he bellowed, he howled, he foamed. ''Quick, quick; give 
me my seven-leagued boots, that I may pursue our fugitives ; 
I will catch them, and swallow them before long." He put on 
his boots, with which at one stride he went seven leagues. 
Alas ! how was it possible to fly fast enough to escape from 
such a runner? You may be surprised that with, th^ \nc>t^ 
wBnd tbejr did not go faster than he did ; \)nt \.Vi^ \b^^w\}v^*^^ 



188 THE BEE AND THE ORANQE THEE. 

Princess was a novice in Fairy art ; she knew not all she ocmld 
do with such a wand ; and it was only in extreme cases that a 
sudden light broke upon her. Delighted at being together, 
at understanding each other, and by the hope of not being 
pursued, they travelled on ; when the Princess, who was the 
first to perceive the terrible Ravagio, cried out> ** Prince, 
we are lost ! Behold that frightful monster, who is coming 
upon U3 like a thunder-bolt 1 '* *' What shall we do V^ said 
the Prince, "What will become of us? Ah, if I were 
alone, I should not care for my life; but yours, my dear 
mistress, is threatened." *' I am hopeless, if the wand will not 
aid us," added Aim^e, weeping. " I wish," said she, " in the 
name of the royal fairy, Trufio, that our camel may be- 
come a pond, that the Prince may be a boat, and myself an 
old woman, who is rowing it." Immediately, the pond, the 
boat, and the old woman were there, and Bavagio arrived at 
the water's edge. " Hola ho ! old mother," he cried, " have 
you seen a camel, and a young man and woman, pass by 
here?" The old woman, who kept her boat in the middle 
of the pond, put her spectacles on her nose, and looking at 
Ravagio, made signs to him, that she had seen them, and that 
they had passed through the meadow. The Ogre believed 
her ; he went to the left. The Princess wished to take her 
natural form ; she touched herself with the wand three times, 
and struck the boat and the pond. She and the Prince 
became young and beautiful again. They quickly mounted 
the camel, and turned to the right, that they might not meet 
their enemy. 

While proceeding rapidly, and hoping to find some one who 
could tell them the road to the Happy Island, they lived 
upon the wild fruit of the country, they drank water 
from the fountains, and slept beneath the trees, not without 
fear that the wild beasts would come and devour them. But 
the Princess had her bow and arrows, with which she would 
have tried to defend herself. The danger was not so terrible 
to them as to prevent their feeling the liveliest pleasure 
in being released from the cavern, and finding themselves to- 
gether. Since they had been able to understand, they had 
said the prettiest things in the world to each other. Love 
generally quickens the wit; but, in their case, they needed 
*\o such assistance, possessing naturally a thousand agreeable 



THE BEE AND THE ORANOE THEE. 189 

acoomplishmentSy and an imagination ever suggesting new 
and original idea& 

The Prince testified to the Princess his extreme impatience 
to arriTe speedily either at his or her royal father's couit, as 
he had promised, that with the consent of their parents, she 
voald accept him as her husband. What you will have some 
diEiculty perhaps in believing is, that while waiting for this 
happy day, and being with her in forests and solitudes, where 
he was at full liberty to make to her any proposals he pleased, 
he conducted himself in so respectful and prudent a manner, 
that never in the world has there been known to exist so 
much love and virtue together. 

After Ravagio had scoured the mountains, forests, and 
plains, he returned to his cavern, where Tourmentine and the 
young Ogres impatiently awaited him. He was laden with 
five or six people who had unfortunately fallen into his 
dutches. " Well," said Tourmentine, " hast tliou found and 
eaten those runaways, those thieves, that fresh meat 1 Hast 
thou not saved for me either a hand or a foot of them ?" " T 
believe they must have flown away," replied Ravagio ; '^ I ran 
like a wolf in all directions without meeting with them. I only 
saw an old woman in a boat upon a pond, who gave me some 
tidings of them." "What did she tell thee, then?" impa- 
tiently inquired Tourmentine. " That they had gone to the 
left," replied Ravagio. " By my head, thou host been de- 
ceived," said she: " I suspect it was to them thou didst speak. 
Go back ; and if thou findest them, give them not a moment's 
grace ! " Ravagio greased his seven-leagued boots, and set out 
again like a madman. Our young lovers were issuing from a 
wood, in which they had passed the night. When they saw 
the Ogre they were both greatly alarmed. " My Aimee," 
said the Prince, " here is our enemy ; I feel I have courage 
enough to fight with him ; have you not sufficient to escape, 
^y yourself?" " No," cried she, " I will never forsake you  
unkind one; do you thus doubt my love for you? But let 
us not lose a moment; perhaps the wand may bo of great 
service to us. I wish," cried she, " in the name of the royal 
fdry, Trufio, that the Prince should be changed into a pic- 
ture, the camel into a pillar, and myself into a dwarf" The 
change was made; and the dwarf began to blow a horn. 
Jiava^o, who approached mth rapid strides, Baid, " T^W m^. 



190 THE BKB JlSD THE QBASB 

joa little abortioa of natorey if yoa hftvv not nen & fiM 
jouQg man, a joang girl, and a camd paas bj here t" ** Jib, 
I will tell you," replied the dwarf; ** I know that yoa an in 
quest of a gentle Damoiaeau,^ a marrelloDalj fiur daine, and tbe 
beaAt they rode on. I e^ed them here yotarday at thi^ 
disporting themselves happily and joyoosly. The gentle Dik 
moiseau reoeired the praise and guerdon of the jousts and toiu- 
namenta, which were held in honour of Meriusine, of whom yon 
here behold the lovely resemblance. Many high-bom gentle- 
men and good knights broke their lances here, on haabak% 
helmets, and shields; the conflict was rough, and the guerdon, ' 
a most beautiful clasp of gold, richly beset with pearls and 
diamonds^ On their departure, the unknown dame said to 
me, ' Dwar^ my friend, without longer parley, I crave a boon 
of thee, in the name of thy fairest lady-love.* ' It will not be 
denied,* said I to her; 'audi grant it to you, on the sole 
condition, that it is in my power.' * In case then,' said she, 
' that thou shouldst espy the great and extraordinary gianl^ 
whoHe eye is in the middle of his forehead  ^pray hun most 
courteously, that he go his way in peace, and leEtve us alone;* 
and, therewith, she whipped her palfrey, and they departed.** 
" Which wayT' said Ravagio. "By that verdant meadow, on 
the Hkirts of the wood," said the dwarf. "If thou liest," replied 
tlu) Ogro, " be assured thou filthy little reptile, that I will 
oat thoo, thy pillar, and thy portrait of Merluche.*' ^ " There 
iH no villainy or falsehood in me,** said the dwarf; "my 
mouth is no lying one ; living man cannot convict me of fraud. 
Hut j(() quickly, if you would kill them before the sun sets.** 
'Jlio Ogro strode away. The dwarf resumed her own figure, 
and touched the portrait and the pillar, which also became 
thouiHolves again. What joy for the lover and his mistress! 
** NtJvor,** said the Prince, " did I suffer such keen anxiety, 
my (loar Aim6o ! as my love for you increases every moment, 
HO aro luy foars augmented when you are in peril.'* " And I," 
Hiiid h1u\ " soomod to have no fear; for Ravagio never eats 
piotui^^H, and I was alone exposed to his fury. There was 

{\) h young KvntWman before he was knighted. All the answers of the dwarf in 
lhi> tii-lir(na) art* written in the language of the middle ages, and erince Madame 
il'Au)iiit]r*ri Ntudy of the Romans and Fabliaux of the 13th and 14th centuries. 

{t) All Inimtional oontemptuous alteration of the name of Merlusine into that for 
% itwk llsh. 



THE BEE AND THE OBANGE TREE. 191 

K> little in my appearanoe tbat was palatable; and, in short, 
risked mj life to preserve jours.'* 

Bavagio hunted in vain; he could neither find the lover 
ur his mistress. He was as tired as a dog; he retraced his 
eps to the cavern. *' What ! hast thou returned without our 
isonersV exdaimed Tourmentine, tearing her bristling 
lir. '^ Don't come near me, or I shall strangle thee !" **1 
m nothing," said he, " but a dwarf^ a pillar, and a picture." 
By my head," continued she, " it was them ! I was very 
ohsh to leave my vengeance in thy hands, as though I were 

little to imdertake it myself. Here 1 here I go ! I will 
it on the boots this time, and I shall not speed worse than 
lou." She put on the seven-leagued boots, and started. 
liat chance have the Prince and Princess of travelling so 
lickly as to escape these monsters, with their accursed 
ven-leagued boots ! They saw Tourmentime coming, dressed 

1 a serpent's skin, the variegated colours of which were won- 
srful. She carried upon her shoulder a mace of iron, of a 
irrible weight; and as she looked carefully on all sides, she 
lUSt have seen the Prince and Princess, had they not been at 
lat moment in the thickest part of a wood. '^ The matter is 
jpeless," said Aim^e, weeping; "here comes the cruel Tour- 
lentine, whose sight chills my blood : she is more cunning 
lan Kavagio. If either of us speak to her, she will know Us, 
id eat us up without more ado. Our trial will be soon over, 
\ you may imagine." " Love, Love, do not abandon us ! " 
[claimed the Prince. " Hast thou within thy empire fonder 
3arts or purer flames than ours 1 Ah, my dear Aim6e," con- 
Qued he, taking her hands and kissing them fervently, 
canst thou be destined to perish in so barbarous a man- 
3r1" "No," said she, "no; I have a certain feeling of 
)urage and firmness that reassures me. Come, little wand, 
D thy duty. I wish, in the name of the royal fairy, Trufio, 
lat'the camel should be a tub, that my dear prince should 
3Come a beautiful orange-tree, and that I, metamorphosed 
ito a bee, should hover around him." As usual, she struck 
iree blows for each ; and the change took place so suddenly, 
lat Tourmentine, who had arrived on the spot, did not per- 
jive it. The horrible fury was out of breath, and sat down 
nder the orange-tree. The Princess Bee delighted in sting- 
ig her in a thousand places : and although her skin was so 




dp 

9i 






tJ 
t). 

0( 

fr 
tl 




krojoot ToseeherioS 

^^ t  wooM bave thou^ 

I WMml ie J bf agwann of inseoCs; 

~'  Krinoe Qreoge-ine 

be Mngbt and killed. At 

Mood, made off; and tte 

^rood, bareing peroahed 
gpw^y4ookiiig tfing^ pioked 
Moiiqg ocmld be mucb men 
^MB and Prinoeae bad not loit 
B vas it to them in their 
otenrfaelmed with grie{ 
Ued to bis dear Aim6e^ 
bimaelf:  



tm 

i be, " thus pent up within 

L Otaoge-tree, without any 

:f me. if you abandon me, 

i be. ' why will you go so 

agreeable dew on my 

la honey; you will be 

iTBff Tca to couch in them; 

If JBKT from the malice oJf 

 OMued its complaints, 



 *- -i 



"  



i^< 





r wiQ ever leave you. 

ii?r a roses, nor all the 

'mndd induce me to 

\ ^mtX.  me continually 

(T ;Jri*- .hac d Orange-tree 

>>i^BL ^CT^ ^raa to the 



THl BEE AND THB OBANCtt TKES. 19S 

Jftmoem Aim^** In shorty she shut herself up in one of the 
lugest flowen^ as in a palace; and true love^ which is neyer 
viAhoot its consolations, found some even in this nnion. 
. The wood in which the Orange-tree was situated was the 
Iffomnte promenade of a princess who lived hard by in a 
ifi|Tiifirnnt palace. She was young, beautiful, and witty : they 
Ulled her Lmda. She would not marry, because she feared she 
4wmld not be always loved by the person she might choose for a 
lipnb^nd ; and as she was very wealthy, she built a sumptuous 
flMrtle, and received there only ladies^ and old men Tmore 
^dkNBOphers than gallants), permitting no young cavalier to 
^^iroaoh it The heat of the day having detained her a 
Ipigar time than she wished in her apartments, she went out 
it the evening, with all her ladies, and came to walk in the 
wood. The perfume from the Orange-tree surprised her; she 
had never seen one, and she was charmed to have found it. 
She could not understand by what chance she had met with 
it in such a place. It was soon surrounded by all the com- 
ptny. Linda forbade any one to pick a single flower, and 
they carried the tree into her garden, whither the fiuthful Bee 
ftJlowed it. Linda, enchanted with its delicious odour, seated 
herself beneath it. Before returning to the palace, she was 
aboat to gather a few of the blossoms, when the vigilant Bee 
nllied out humming under the leaves, where she remained 
an sentinel, and stung the princess so severely, that she very 
nearly fisiinted. There was an end of depriving the Orange- 
tiee of its blossoms ; Linda returned to her palace, quite ilL 
When the Prince was at liberty to speak to Aim^, " What 
made you so vexed with young Linda, my dear Bee V said he 
to her j " you have stung her cruelly." *' Can you ask me 
SQch a question?" replied she. "Have you not sufl&cient 
delicacy to understand that you ought not to have any sweets 
hut for me ; that all that is yours belongs to me, and that I 
defend my property when I defend your blossoms ?" " But," 
said he, ** you see them fall without being distressed : would 
it not be the same to you if the princess adorned herself with 
them  if she placed them in her hair, or put them in her 
bosom ?" " No," said the Bee, in a sharp tone, " it is not at 
aU the same thing to me. I know, ungrateful one, that you 
feel more for her than you do for me. There is also a gceat 
difference between an accomphshed person, ricYAy ^le^^ 

o 



" -..'lU''i- i-- ill "'.- 
' -  1 

   % r^ , ,k*te. , 
L 1, . .Ij.   'Ij^L. L . ... i.^ 

M 
I  p-- \ .-> 

 - -  ""  ..  , 

y .-: :.:i:\r. wms : .l^^^ 

1   , . T .  ..-  

 1 

< , ... .L '..L..^..a.. 

'1 :  ii-.L" ii.'-.vor-i::' 
'..: ::m-. : rtli lior 

   :a'.-.'-.:- Boo. tiu 
7 7- L.1 ill u vor 

 

.  v^:  tills troo i 
" -.-.k: ilio .>:nalle>' 
V.:.-. :..o:r st:iiLr<. 

 ". VIS vorv livclv. 
'.'.: .-..:. :> arm v' 

/.:. whoii ho wi 

.?".-.' take the most 

\.'.:\ l.i thought thor 

.-...:.:-: liatolv she or 

".  i:!i feathers, a 



THE BEE AND THE 0EAN6E TREE. 195 

blood flowed from the severed branch ? '* Heavens ! '* cried she, 
** what have I done ?  ^what prodigy is this !" She took the 
bleeding branch, and vainly attempted to rejoin the portions: 
she was seized with alarm and an overpowering anxiety. 

The poor little Bee, in despair at the sad accident that had 
happened to her dear Orange-tree, was about to rush out to 
find death at the point of the &tal sword, in her attempt to 
avenge her dear Prince; but she preferred living for him, 
and recollecting a remedy that he needed, she entreated him 
to let her fly to Arabia that she might bring back some balm 
for him. Afl^r he had consented to her going there, and 
they had taken a tender and afiectionate farewell of each 
other, she started for that part of the world, with instinct 
done for her guide. But to speak more correctly. Love carried 
her there; and as he flies faster than the swiftest of winged 
beings, he enabled her rapidly to perform this long journey. 
She brought back wondeifiil balm upon her wings, and about 
her little feet, with which she cured her Prince. It is true, 
it was not so much by the excellence of the balm, by as the 
pleasure it aflbrded him, in seeing the Princess Bee take so 
much care of his wound. She applied the balm every day, 
and he had much need of it ; for the severed branch was one 
of his fingers ; so had they continued to treat him as Linda 
had done, he would neither have had legs nor arms. Oh, 
how acutely did the Bee feel for the sufierings of the Orange- 
tree ! She reproached herself with being the cause, by the 
impetuosity with which she defended its flowers. Linda, 
alarmed at what she had seen, could neither sleep nor eat. 
At last she resolved to send for some Fairies, in the hope of 
being enlightened upon a matter that seemed so extraordinary. 
She despatched ambassadors, laden with handsome presents, 
to invite them to her court 

Queen Trufio was one of the first who arrived at Linda's 
palace. There never was a person so skilful in Fairy art. 
She examined the branch and the Orange-tree, she smelt its 
flowers, and distinguished a human odour, which surprised 
her. She did not leave a spell untried, and employed some 
so powerful, that all at once the Orange-tree disappeared, 
and they perceived the Prince, handsomer and better made 
than any other man in the world. At this sight Linda 
became immoveable ; she was struck with admiration, and so 

o2 



196 THE BEE AND THE ORANGE TELEE. 

peculiar a feeling for him, that she had already lost her former 
indifiference, while the young Prince, thinking of his oharming 
Bee, threw himself at Trufio's feet. " Great Queen," said he, 
*' I am infinitely indebted to thee ; thou hast given me new 
life, by restoring me to my original form ; but, if thou wouldst 
that I should owe thee my peace and happiness, a blessing 
even greater than the life thou hast recalled me to, restore 
me my Princess !" In uttering these words he took hold of 
the little Bee, whom he never ceased gazing upon. " Thou 
shalt be satisfied," answered the generous Trufio. She recom- 
menced her ceremonies, and the Princess Aim6e appeared 
with so many charms that there was not one of the ladies who 
was not envious of her. Linda hesitated within herself 
whether she ought to be pleased or vexed at so extraordinary 
an adventure ; and, particularly, at the metamorphose of the 
Bee. 

At length her reason got the better of her passion, which 
was only in its infancy; she embraced Aimie a thousand 
times, and Trufio begged her to relate her adventures. She 
was under too much obligation to her to refuse what she 
wished. The graceful and easy manner with which she spoke 
interested the whole assembly; and when she told IVufio 
she had performed so many wonders by virtue of her name 
and her wand, there was an exclamation of joy throughout the 
hall, and every one entreated the Fairy to complete this great 
work. Trufio, on her side, felt extreme pleasure at all she 
had heard. She folded the Princess in her arms. 

" Since I was so useful to you, without knowing you," 

said she to her, "judge, charming Aim6e, now that I do know 

you, how much I am inclined to serve you. I am a friend of 

the King your fether, and of the Queen your mother : let us 

instantly go, in my flying chariot, to the Happy Island, where 

both of you will be received as you deserve." Linda begged 

them to remain one day with her, during which she made 

them very costly presents, and the Princess Aim6e left off her 

tiger^s qjcin for dresses of incomparable beauty. Let all now 

IPWgihe the joy of our happy lovers. Yes, let them imagine it, 

^ ovi; but to do that, they should have met with the 

iuneo, have been amongst Ogres, and undergone 

irmations. They set out at last ; Trufio con- 

lirougih the air to the Happy Island. They 



THE fiEE AND THE OEANOE TREE. 197 

were received by the King and Queen as the last persons 
in the world they had ever expected to see again, but whom 
they beheld with the greatest pleasure. Aim6e's beauty and 
prudence, added to her wit, made her the admiration of the 
age. Her dear mother loved her passionately. The fine 
qualities of Prince Aim6*s mind were not less appreciated 
than his handsome person. The nuptials were celebrated; 
nothing was ever so magnificent. The Graces attended 
in their festive attire. The Loves were there, without even 
being invited, and by their express order, the eldest son of the 
Prince and Princess was named " Faithful Love." They have 
given him since then many other titles; and under all these 
various names it is very difficult to find " Faithful Love," 
such as sprang fi-om this charming marriage. Happy they 
who meet with him unmistakeably. 

Aim^e with her lover alone in a wood, 
Conducted herself with extreme circumspection ; 
To Reason she listen'd  ^Temptation withstood, 
And lost not a jot of her Prince's afibction. 
Believe not, ye fair, who would captivate hearts, 
That Cupid needs Pleasure alone to retain him ; 
Love oft from, the lap of Indulgence departs. 
But Prudence and Virtue for ever enchain him. 



THE GOOD LITTLE MOUSE. 



Once upon a time there was a King and a Queen, who 
loved each other so much  so much that they made each 
other^s sole happiness. Their hearts and their sentiments 
were always in unison. Each day they hunted the hare or 
the stag, or went fishing for soles and carp, or to the ball to 
dance the bourse or the pavan,^ and to great banquets to 
eat roast meats and sugar-plums, to the play and to the 
opera. They laughed, they sang, they played a thousand 
tricks to amuse themselves  in short, it was the happiest of 
times. Their subjects followed the example of the King and 
Queen ; they emulated each other in their pastimes. For all 
these reasons they called this kingdom the Land of Joy. It 
happened that a king who was the neighbour of King Joyeux 
lived veiy diflFerently. He was a declared enemy to pleasure. 
He desired nothing but wounds and blows. He had a grim 
countenance, a large beard, hollow eyes; he was all skin and 
bones, always dressed in black, with hair which stood on end, 
very greasy and dirty. To please him, they knocked down 
and killed all travellers. He hung all criminals himself and 
delighted in torturing them. When a mother was dotingly 
fond of her little girl or boy, he would send for her, and 
before her eyes would break the child's arms, or wring its 
neck. This kingdom was called the Land of Tears. 

The wicked King heard of the happiness of King Joyeux ; 
he was very envious of him, and resolved to raise a large 

(1) The Bourse, or Bor6e, is the national dance of Auvergne. Madame de 
Sevigne, in her letters from Vichy, in 1676, repeatedly eulogises its grace and spirit ; 
and Wraxall, in his "Tour in France," 1775, speaking of a fair countess, says, 
''When she danced the Bourse, a dance peculiar to Auvergne, I thought Hortensia 

Mancini was not comparable to Madame de L ." The Pavan was a slow and 

stately dance, taking its name f^om the peacock, because it was danced by princes in 
tiieir mantles, and ladies in gowns with long trains. Hawkins tells us the air was 
*B?inted at Padua. 



THE GOOD LITTLE MOUSR 199 

army, and kill, wound, or take captive him and all his 
people. He sent in all directions for men and arms: he 
ordered cannon to be cast. Everybody trembled with fear. 
They said, "With whom is he going to warl He wiU give 
him no quarter." When everything was ready, he marched 
towards the country of King Joyeux, who at this bad news 
speedily took measures for his defence. The Queen was 
frighcened to death, and crying said, "Sire, we must fly  let 
us collect as much money as we can, and go to the other end 
of the world." The King replied, "Fie, Madam, I have 
too much courage for that. It is better to die than be 
branded as a coward." He assembled all his men-at-arms, 
took an affectionate farewell of his wife, moimted his beautiful 
horse, and departed. When she lost sight of him, she began 
to weep sadly, and clasping her hands together, said, " Alas ! 
if I should have an infant, and the King should be killed in 
battle, I shall be a widow and a prisoner, and the wicked 
King wi!l inflict a thousand cruelties upon me. This thought 
prevented her from eating and sleeping. She wrote to him 
every day; but one morning, looking from the battlements, 
she saw a courier coming at full speed. She called to him, 
"Ho, Courier, ho! What news?" "The King is dead," said 
he; "the battle is lost; the wicked King will be here imme- 
diately." The poor Queen swooned, and they carried her to 
bed. All her ladies were around her, crying one for her 
father, another for her son, and tearing their hair: it was 
the most distressing thing in the world. All on a sudden 
they heard cries of "Murder! Thieves!" It was the wicked 
King, who had arrived with all his wretched followers, killing 
every one they met with. He entered the Royal Palace in com- 
plete armour, and ascended to the Queen's chamber. When she 
saw him enter, she was so frightened that she hid herself in the 
bed, and pulled the counterpane over her head. He called to 
her two or three times, but she never spoke a word. He 
grew angry, and said very fiercely, " Dost thou make sport of 
me ! dost know that I might strangle thee instantly 1" He 
pulled the bed-clothes off her, and tore off her cap : her 
beautiful hair fell all about her shoulders ; he twisted it three 
times round his hand, and threw her over his shoulders like a 
sack of com; he carried her thus down-stairs, and mounted 
with her upon his large black horse. She entreated him to have 



200 THE GOOD UTTLE HOUSE. 

mercy on her, but he only mocked her and baid, " Cry and 
complain ! it makes me laugh, and amuses me." He carried 
her into his own country, and to wed all the way that he would 
bang her, but he was told it would be a pity, as she was about 
to become a mother. When he discovered that, it occurred to 
him, that if she had a daughter, he would marry his son to 
her, and to ascertain which it would be, he sent for a Faiiy 
who lived near to his dominions. When she arrived, he 
entertained her better than was his custom ; he then took hex 
up into a tower, at the top of which the poor Queen occupied 
a very small and iU-f unused room. She was lying on the 
ground, upon a mattress not worth two-pence, and where she 
cried day and night When the Fairy saw her, she could not 
help pitying her; she curtsied to her, and, embracing her, 
said in a low voice, " Take courage. Madam, your misfortunes 
will not last for ever. I hope to hasten the term of them." 
The Queen was consoled a little by these words, returned the 
Fairy's embraces, and begged her to have pity upon a poor 
princess who had enjoyed the greatest happiness, and was 
now equally miserable. They were in close conversation, 
when the wicked King exclaimed, " Come ! no more compli- 
ments. I brought you here to tell me if this slave will have 
a boy or a girl]" The Fairy said, " She will have a girl, who 
will be the handsomest and best informed princess that was 
ever seen;" and forthwith she endowed the unborn princess 
with iunumerable virtues and honours. 

" Should she not be handsome and well informed," said the 
wicked King, " I will hang her to her mother's neck, and her 
mother on a tree, and nothing shall prevent me." So saying, 
he left the room with the Fairy, not condescending to look at 
the good Queen, who was crying bitterly, for said she to 
herself, " Alas ! what shall I do 1 Should I have a beautiful 
little girl, he will give her to his monkey of a son ; and should 
she be ugly, he will hang us together. To what an extremity 
am I reduced 1 Could I not hide my infant somewhere, so 
that he should never see iti" The time drew near for the 
little princess to be brought into the world, and the Queen's 
anxieties increased  she had no one to complain to, or to 
console her. The jailor who had the care of her gave her 
each morning but three boiled peas, with a little piece of 
black bread. She became as thin as a herring  she was 



THiB GOOD UtTLE MOUSE. 201 

ling bat skiti and bone. One erening, aa she was spin- 
; (for the wioked King, who was Tery aTaricionay made 
work night and day), she iaw a yerj pretty little Mouse 
8 in through a hole. She said to it, " Aks ! my little 
ing, what dost thou come to seek herel I have only 
$ peas for myself the whole day long; if thou wouldst 
mat, thou hadst better depart." The little Mouse ran 
sr and thither^ and danced and capered like a little 
key, and the Queen was so amused at it, that she gave it 
mly pea that she had left for her supper. " Here^ little 
ng," said she, " eat this; I haye nothing more, and I give 
a willingly.*' As soon as she had done so, she saw upon 
able an excellent partridge, wonderfully well roasted, and 
jars of sweetmeats. " Truly," said she, '' a good deed is 
f unrewarded." She ate a little, but she had lost her 
ite through &sting. She threw some bon-bons to the 
fe, who was still nibbling, and then she began to skip 
; more than before supper. Early the next morning, the 

brought the Queen the three peas, which he had put 
a large dish out of mockery. The little Mouse came 
 and ate them all three and the bread also. When the 
a wanted her dinner, she could not find anything. She 
rery angry with the Mouse. "It is a wicked little 
il,*' said she ; " if it continues to do this, I shall be 
Mi.** As she was about to put the cover on the empty 
she saw it fill with all sorts of good things to eat : she 
elighted and began to dine on them, but whilst eating she 
light herself that the wicked King would perhaps in a 
ays order her baby to be killed, and she left the table 
ng, and raising her eyes to heaven exclaimed, "Ah! 
here no means of saving my child 1" As she uttered 

words she saw the little Mouse playing with some long 
of straw; she took them up and set to work upon 
** If there is enough straw," said she, " I will make a 
ed basket to put my little girl in, and I will give her 
f the window to the first charitable person who will take 
of her." She then worked on with renewed spirit. 
5 was plenty of straw, the Mouse always dragging some 
the room, where she continued to skip about, and at 
time the Queen gave it her three peas, and, in eiLeYidSi^, 
w found a hundred sorts of ragouts. She vjaa xoxxfi 




.n, II iliitrn b) yon ; ytm  
I will >iiLiirl>Rielj reinrd j 
turHil UiH [ilil woman, "bat I an AmKf m Mfti 

r..*.i> I" imlhliiK I IJko m unw&ai*;' 

Uyntt fliiil niif in your gnmt, kS Aa 
IMtL I Uill >><>t Iw iingmtefial fcr it,  
l) Iftkim puiu of." This Qaeea, boKB 
Vltti^'Ml Minlilitii niiy roiily, and tke U  
vtKihtl H )it(lM. tiknl U-rwbTd ' ' 



i'inrtii, Hin;i'il.V> " j'liii Iiive a knavidi inje nKmae msi am 
\'\\H\{\ii\\^, ^Hitli<i' lliiin th child voQ att MXKfoi ic> bn 
\ ><> \ \w\\. Miiilain, thuti you are not to he jjiiod ; leraara i 
Kiii'li ^',>"'>l tH'iu|>ii))y ; I Hhall have jUaar ii mioe vitlKN 
vi'iiii , I i>iiiv liltio iiliout it;" and she waii avay ^rsfliifi 
milt iimllvvlMu. AltliuiiKh itie Queen h*d k pioi meal a 

W\\i\v I , nii>l Mill MoiiHO came to duoe to ha- *s osn 

hIii' iii'vrr riitniil lior cyoH from the grcood <ra viudi d 
tixi'il lliKiii Hid trnm Htreftming down h^ cb^ks. Hm 
Niiiiii' nielli nUii wiui uoiifliicd of a PrinresE, s1k> ss voode 
fully lii'iiiit.irtil; jimtuml of crying, as other diDdi^ do, si 
laiigliud nt lior diiiir Miimma, and held ont her litUe hanc 
towards hor, riH tlioiifth Hhe vaa quite sensible. The Qoea 
fondled and kinaod hor moat tenderly, sadlj ^hmVJng " p^j 
little darling! dcnrcliildl if thou lallest into the vkked King 
hands, thy life will bo ended," She corered her np in th 
baatet with a note tied to her dreaa, upon whii^ was writtei 
"The name of this unfortunate infent is Joliette." An 
whm ahe had left her a few momenta withont looking at hei 
tlia in opened the basket, mi4 ^oaailwa *aU. h ' 



THE GOOD LITTLE MOUSE. 203 

she kissed her and wept more bitterly, not knowing what to 

do. Bat with this comes the little Mouse and gets into the 

basket. " Oh ! thou little creature," said the Queen, " how 

dearly has thy preservation cost me ! I may, perhaps, lose on 

thy account my dear Joliette ; any one else would have killed 

thee, and given thee to the dainty old woman, but I could 

not consent to do that." The Mouse began to say, " Do not 

repent of having done so. Madam ; I am not so unworthy of 

your firiendship as you think." The Queen was frightened to 

death when she heard the Mouse speaking; but her fear 

increased greatly when she perceived its little muzzle begin to 

take the form of a human face, that its paws became hands 

and feet, and that it suddenly grew larger. At length the 

Queen, hardly daring to look at her, recognised her to be the 

same Fairy who came to see her with the wicked King, and 

who was so kind to her. The Fairy said to her, " I wished to 

try your heart; I have discovered it to be good, and that 

you are susceptible of friendship. We Fairies, who possess 

immense wealth and treasures, seek only for friendship to 

sweeten life, and we rarely find it." " Is it possible, beautiful 

kdy," said the Queen, embracing her, " that you have any 

trouble in finding friends, being so rich and powerful?" 

" Yes," replied she, " for they only love us from self-interest, 

and that afiFects us but little; but when you loved me as a 

little mouse, it was not from an interested motive. I wished 

to prove you still frirther ; I took the form of an old woman ; 

it was I who spoke to you at the foot of the tower, and you were 

still fiiithftil to me." At these words she embraced the Queen, 

ihen she kissed the vermilion mouth of the little Princess, and 

said to her, " I endow thee, my child, to be the consolation of 

thy mother, and to be richer than thy father; to live a 

hundred years, always beautiful, without sickness, without 

'wrinkles, and without becoming an old woman." The Queen, 

enchanted, thanked her, and entreated her to carry Joliette 

away with her, and to take care of her, adding that she gave 

her to her to be her own daughter. The Fairy accepted her, 

and thanked her; she put the baby in the basket, and 

lowered it to the ground; but having stopped a little, to 

reaasume the form of the little Mouse, when she descended 

the cord after her, the child was not there, and reascending, 

mnch frightened, " All is lost ! " said she to the Queen ; " my 



S04 THE GOOD LITTLE MOUSE, 



s rarried oft tlie Princesa. You a 
kuow she u & cruel fcjry who Lates mo; and, unfoilunati 
K'iBfi my senior, slie ia more powerful than I am. I kt 
U"t bv what means I can recover Joliette from her boi 
clutch M." 

Wlien the Qveen beard buoK sad nen-s, she thought 
iihoii)d die of grief; she cried rery much, nnd begged 
kind ftiaid to try ftnd see the child again, at any price 
tlw UMOvtota lbs jailor ame into the Queen's apartioc 
tni ftHnxl the bad been brought (o bed. He flew to tell - 
King rf it, *bo ran to a^ for the child ; but she aaid tha 
hirj wli^NT name she did not know had appeared and taket 
awnj hj farce. The vicked Kn^ stamped his foot, and bit 
BU tti the (juiit -Ipro wi ia wl tolMngthee.'' eaidha; "In 
knp ay wwd insundr." He then dragged the poor Que 
mt ft wood, cliBbed up a liee. rad wm going to hang h 
^WB tba Fmit. hsnng ratdsed herself innsble, gave bin 
mk foA, BBd he til bm ^elofui Ae tree, knocki 
nt bm of hit tatk. Wkikt his pec^ wtre endeavourii 
to put them ta Knia. tt- T -r -?- tt-e Queen awav 
her avmi: '.'iiar".r. iti i -.- - 3 beautiful caatj 

She took great care of h^. aai ^ Ae h>d had the Prince 
JoiiettB wrth her abe woM bsi teea perfectly happy ; bi 
tbey coold not find <nni vaa* CkanUne had placed be 
^thuu^k cite tole ]}< vue. ii die posnblj could. Tin 
pai^md Jtt. asi 6 i^bbeY sSraae affliction was a litt 
Mmwd. FteHL IWB35 hac &wii vvaT iien it was reporte 
2ii -ix w:deK 5jc* (0! b*^ ddwimined to many h 
-Tirsj-*E -mtrwiaBsaaaiap litt Tonng girl objected t 
-w -Eart-t t *^ -w-^ WTiwf that a turkey-keepe 
.. 11. , -'rTW t Mmr a 4eHi; howerer, the wedding 
:r^ wf~ -mtBi sk i: wv v> be so ^leudid a marriag 
-  - -^ jnr r-s I. MMnd ^IflB about to see it Tb 
\ j TfMSw*'wc*'rfiiJ^*j she wished to aeetb 
- -i --^-v-w- tr fcR- *"- :** went into the poultry-yard 
. , . -, ,^ jiwMc It (wose Kuai, with naked feet, an 

-~i, K'ttT: rmKL iiw head. There were druses o 
- .fiV^  dWBnn^ pe*^ ribands, aad bee. al 

. ^ .y (Be iffvaaii At turkeys were trwupJii^ on 
 T- f^^r^^ t^- '^ "polling then. Tbe ciri m 



THS GOOD IfECTLB MOUSE. 205 

bliiid with one eye, and lame, was saying to her, 
ij, " If joii mfooe ma your heart, I will kUl you." She 
~ him proudly, ** I will not marry you, you are too 
J you xesemble your cruel &ther; leave me in peace 
Wj little turkeysr I love them better than all your fine 
The little Mouse looked at her with admiration j 
she was as beautiful as the sun. As soon as the wicked 
' son was gone, the Faiiy assumed the figure of an old 
sad said to her, ^'Good morning my darling; 
turkeys look yery fine ones.*' The young turkey-keeper 
at the old woman sweetly, and replied, " They want 
to leave them for a paltry crown  what would you advise 
to dot" *' My little girl," said the Fairy, ''a crown is 
beautiful, you know neither the value nor the weight of 
^ But I do know/* promptly replied the turkey- 
V ^ and, therefore^ zefuse to accept it j at the same time 
know not who I am, nor where my &ther a&d mother are. 
(have neither friends nor relations." '^ Tou are beautiful 
TirtuQus, my child," said the wise Fairy, "which is 
ten kingdoms. Tell me, I entreat you, who placed 
heore, since you have neither &ther nor mother, friends 
Mr relations 1" '^ A fidry named Cancaline is the cause of 
4|y being here : she beat me, and knocked me about without 
tase or reason. I ran away one day, and not knowing 
vfaere to go, I sat down in a wood. The son of the wicked 
King came to walk there ; he asked me if I would attend to 
Us poultry>yard. I was very willing to do so. I had the 
cue of the turkeys ; he frequently came to see them, and he 
mw me also. Alas ! without any wish on my part, he took 
i in hifl head to love me so much, that he worries me 

iwatly." 

The Fairy, after hearing this story, began to think that 
the turkey- keeper was the Princess Joliette; she said to her, 
*My child, tell me your name V* " I call myself Joliette, at 
your service," said she. At this name, the Fairy no longer 
doubted about it, and throwing her arms round her neck, she 
thought she should devour her with kisses. She then said 
to her, " Joliette, I have known you for some time past ; 
I am delighted to find you are so discreet, and so well- 
informed ; but I wish you were cleaner, for you look like ^ 
little scuIlio27. Take the beautiful clothes that axe Yifox^^ 



206 THE GOOD LITTLE MOUSE. 

and dress yourself in them." Joliette, who was very obedieDf^ 
threw off, immediately, the greasy handkerchief from her 
head, and shaking it slightly, she was covered entirely by her 
hair, which was as Mr as light, and as fine as golden thread; 
it fell in ringlets down to the ground : then, taking in 
her delicate hands some water from a fountain, which was in 
the poultry-yard, she washed her face, which became as deir 
as oriental pearl. Eoses seemed to be blooming upon ber 
cheeks and lips ; her breath smelt of garden and wild thyme; 
her form was as strait as a rush. In winter time they might 
have taken her skin for the snow, and in summer for tli9 

lily. 

When she was dressed in her diamonds and fine clothes^ 
the fairy considered her a miracle ; she said to her, ** Who 
do you think you are, my dear Joliette, now you are so bravely 
dressed]" She replied, " Truly, it seems to me that I am the 
daughter of a great king." " Should you be glad of it?" said 
the Fairy. " Yes, my good mother," replied Joliette, curtsey- 
ing to her ; " I should be very glad." " Well," said the Fairy," 
" then be content : I will tell you more to-morrow." She 
quickly returned to her splendid castle, where the Queen 
was busy spinning silk; the little Mouse cried out to her, 
" Will your Majesty bet your distaff and spindle that I 
do not bring you the best news you have ever had." " Alas T 
replied the Queen, " since the death of King Joyeux, and the 
loss of my Joliette, I would not give a pin for all the news in 
the world." ** There, there ! do not grieve yourself any 
more," said the Fairy, " the Princess is wonderfully well ; 
I have just seen her; she is so beautiful, so very beautiful, 
that it only depends upon herself to be a queen." She j 
related everj^thing from beginning to end, and the Queen 
cried with joy to know her daughter was so beautiful, and f 
with grief that she had been a turkey-keeper. 

"When we were great sovereigns in our own kingdom,** 
said she, "and lived in such splendour, the poor dear 
departed and myself never thought our child would be a 
turkey-keeper!" " It is the cruel Cancaline," added the Fairy, t 
" who, knowing how I love you, to spite me, has put her in ) 
this situation; but she shall not be in it any longer, or I will *| 
burn xny books." " I will not agree," said the Queen, " to 
her roarrying the son of the wicked King. Let us go 



THE GOOD LITTLE MOUSE. 207 

-morrow to claim her, and bring her here.*' In the meantime, 
le -wicked King's son, being extremely angry with Joliette, 
t down under a tree, where he gave way so to his grief that 
I quite howled. His &ther heard him; he went to the 
indow and called out to him, "What art thou crying about, 
taking a fool of thyself?" He answered, "Our turkey- 
seper will not love me." "How! she will not love thee]" 
lid the wicked King, " I will make her love thee, or she 
lall die." He called his guards, and said to them, '^ Go and 
(toh her, for I will make her suffer so much that she shall 
)pent of her obstinacy." They went to the poultry-yard, 
lid found Joliette in a white satin dress, embroidered all over 
ith gold, with pink diamonds, and more than a thousand 
uds of riband sJl about it.^ Never had they seen so fine a 
idy, in all her grandeur; they did not dare speak to her, 
ilung her for a princess. She said very civilly to them, 
Pray tell me whom you seek here 1" " Madam," said they, 
we are looking for a miserable little wretch they call 
oliette." " Alas I it is I," said she ; *' what do you want 
dth me 1 " They instantly seized her, and tied her feet and 
anda with thick cords, for fear she would run away. They 
3d her in this manner to the wicked King, who was with his 
on. When he saw her so beautiful, he could not avoid being 
little moved; and no doubt would have had pity upon her, 
ad he not been one of the most wicked and cruel men in the 
rorld. He said to her, "Hah! hah! little rogue! little toad! 
ou will not then love my son? He is a hundred times hand- 
omer than you are ! one of his looks is worth more than 
our whole person. Come, love him directly, or I will have 
ou flayed." The Princess, trembling like a little pigeon, 
melt before him, and said, " Sire, I entreat you not to flay 
ae : that would be too cruel. Let me have two or three 
lays to think what I ought to do, after which, be it as you 
nil." His son, in a state of fury, insisted on her being 
iayed. They agreed at last to shut her up in a tower, where 
ihe could see nothing but the sky. At this moment the good 
Fairy arrived in her flying chariot, with the Queen. They heard 
ill the news. The Queen began to cry bitterly, saying, how 
unfortunate she always was, and that she would rather her child 

(1) The enormous quantity of ribands worn at this period "by genUemew, ai^ vj^W. ^^ 
ladies, viskes this scarcely an exaggeration. 



TEE GOOD UITLE MOUSE. 

was dead tl tlint she should marry tlie wicked King's sqk 
The Fairy said to her, " Take courage; I am going to worn 
them BO mucii. that you will be aatisfied and avenged,: 
When the wicki'd King went to bed, the Fairy tnLnerormad 
liersetf into a little mouse, and hid herself under the bolsttv 
of the bed. As soon as be wished to sleep, she bit his er;{l 
he became very angry; ho tuniEd on the other side; ebebiL 
the other ear. He cried out, "Murder!" He called lou 
some one tooome tohim; tiicycame; they found his two wt\ 
b tten a d bleeding so much, that they could not stop tlwj 
1 lood While thoy were looking everywhere for tJie moiia%J 
she w nt to the wioked King's son, and served him in liku 
n anner He called up his people, and showed them his eaiM 
nh h w e all Bkianed, and they put plaisters on them. Tbal 
1 tie M u e returned to the wicked King's room, icho hau 
be om a I ttle drowsy; she bit his nose, and continued tn 
nibble at it; he put bis bands up to it; she bit them ant] 
scratched them. He cried out, " Mercy ! I am lost ! " She getl 
into bia mouth, and nibbled hia tongue, his cheeks, hia UpeJ 
his eyes. They came to him they saw him quite overpowered;! 
he could scarcely speak, las tongue was so bad ; he made 
signs that it was a mouse; they looked for it in the mattreas, 
in the bolster, in every comer ; she was no longer there. She 
ran and served the son stil! worse, and ate his good eye (for 
he was already blind with one). He ixise like a mad-man, 
Kword ill baud; he was quite blind ; he ran into his father's 
room, who had also taken his sword, storming and sweariag 
that be would kill everybody if they did not catch the mouse. 
^\"hen be saw bis son in such a fury, he scolded him ; and the 
latter was so heated by pasion that he did not rec(^;nise \m 
father's voice, aud fell upon him. The wicked King, much 
enraged, wounded bis son with his aword; he received a 
wound in return ; they both of them fell to the ground, 
bathed in blood. All their subjects, who hated them mortally, 
nd who ouly obeyed them through terror, fearing them no 
longer, tied curds around their feet and diagged them into 
tk* riwr, saying, they were nuite delighted to get rid of them. 
IkttS dud the wicked King and bis son. The good Fairy, who 
ku ht bad occurred, sought the Queen, aud they hastened 
to tb" Wok tvwer, wherw Joliette as shut up under more 
loka. The Fsdt; stiuob & ^lt door three time! 



THE GOOD URLB MOUSB. 209 

vith alitde vandof htnlifood. It flew open, as did also all 
fte otheonL They fomid the poor PrinoeaB rearj sad, who did 
not Baj a mn^ word. The Queen threw herself upon her 
nsdE. ^My dear child,* said she to her, ^ I am thy mother, 
Uie Queen Joyense.* She then related to her the history of 
her life. When JoUette heard so much good news, she was 
neazlj dying with pleasore. She fell at the Queen's feet; she 
embnoed her kneee^ moist^Md her hands with her tears, and 
k iMcd than a thousand times. She afifectionately caressed 
the Fairy, who had brought her baskets fell of valuable jewels, 
gold, diamondB^ bracelets, pearls, and the portrait of King 
Joyeux, surrounded by predous stones, all of which she 
piaoed before her. ^ Let us lose no time," said the Fairy, 
''we must make a coup d'6tat; let us go into the great hidl 
of the oastle, and harangue the people." She walked first, 
with a graye.and serious fece, having on a dress with a 
train more than ten yards long, and the Queen in one of blue 
YelTet^ embroidered in gold, with a much longer train. (They 
bad brought their robes of state with them.) They had also 
crowns upon their heads, as brilliant as suns. The Princess 
JoUette followed, distinguished by her marvellous beauty and 
modesty. They curtsi^ to all whom they met, gentle and 
Bimpla They were followed by crowds, anxious to know who 
these fine ladies could be. When the hall was quite fell, the 
good Fairy told the wicked King's subjects that she would 
give them for a queen King Joyeux's daughter, whom they 
saw before them ; that they would live very happy under her 
government ; that, if they accepted her, she woidd find her a 
husband as perfect as herself who would be always cheerful, 
and banish melancholy from every heart At these words, 
every one exclaimed, " Yes, yes, she shall be our queen ; we 
have been too long sad and miserable." At the same moment 
a hundred dififerent instnmients began to play on all sides, every 
one joined hands and danced a round,^ singing to the Queen, 
her daughter, and the good Fairy:  "Yes ! yes ! she shall be 
our queen," &c. Such was their reception, and never was 
so much happiness known ; they spread the tables, they ate, 

(I) Rounds were dances in a ring, formed by the joined hands of the dancers, and 
amongst the olde<it of such amusements, "Sellenger's Round" is said to be the 
eai' jest of which the air has descended to us. it hAB been traced \\^ xvea.iVj xo \\\ 
nign of Henry VI JI. 

P 




Iff ^l tiiiTi^% Ift ki^d, 

An4 let grad^tt^de fiad 

F'/r ';v*r a place in your heart. 



THE RAM. 



the happy times when Fairies existed, there reigned a 
; who had three daughters. They were yonng and beau- 

and all three possessed considerable merit; but the 
gest was the most amiable and the best beloved. They 
i her Merveilleuse. The King her father gave her more 
IS and ribands in a month than he gave the others in a 
and she was so good-natured that dbe shared everything 
her sisters, so that there subsisted the best understanding 
een them. 

le King had some very bad neighbours, who, weary of 
;, formed so powerful a league against him, that he was 
)elled to arm in self-defence. He raised a large force, 
took the field at its head. The three Princesses remained 
their tutors in a castle, where they heard every day good 

of the King. At one time he had taken a city, at 
her he had won a battle ; at length he succeeded in com- 
ly routing his enemies, and driving them out of his 
nions. He then returned with all speed to the castle to 
lis little Merveilleuse, of whom he was so fond, 
le three Princesses had had made for themselves three 
gowns,  one green, one blue, and the third white. Their 
s were selected to match their dresses. The green was 
hed with emeralds; the blue with turquoises; and the 
3 with diamonds. Thus attired, they went to meet the 
;, singing the following verses, which they had written to 
irate his victories:  

* With conquest crown'd on many a glorious plain, 
What joy to greet our king and sire again ! 
Welcome him back, victorious, to these halls, 
With new delights and countless festivals ; 
Let shouts of joy and songs of triumph prove 
His people's loyalty, bis daughters' love I " 

p2 



212 THE BAM. 

When the King saw them so lovely, and in such splendid 
dresses, he embraced them all tenderly, but caressed Merveil- 
leusc more than he did the others. 

A magnificent banquet was served up : the King and his 
three daughters sat down to table ; and as it was his habit to 
draw inferences from everything, he said to the eldest, " Tell 
me, pray, why have you put on a green gown?" " Sire," she 
answered, " having heard of your achievements, I &ncied that 
green would express the joy and hope with which your return 
inspired me." "That is very prettily said I " exclaimed the 
King. " And you, my child," he continued ; " why do you 
wear a blue gown?" " My liege," said the Princess, " to indi- 
cate that we should unceasingly implore for you the protec- 
tion of the Gods, and also that the sight of you is to me like 
that of heaven and all the starry host!" "You speak like 
an oracle ! " said the King. " And you, Merveilleuse ; what 
reason had you for dressing yourself in white?" "Because, 
Sire," she answered, " it becomes me better than any colour.** 
" How ! " cried the King, very much ofiFended ; " was that 
yoiu* only motive, you little coquette?" " My motive was to 
please you," said the Princess; "it appears to me that I 
ought to have no other." The King, who loved her dearly, 
was so perfectly satisfied with this explanation, that he 
declared himself much pleased by the little turn she had 
given to her meaning, and the art with which she had at first 
concealed the compliment. *' There! there!" said he, "I 
have made an excellent supper. I shall not go to bed yet 
Tell me what you all dreamed of the night before my return." 
The eldest said she dreamed that he had brought her a 
gown, the gold and jewels of which shone brighter than the 
sun. The second said she dreamed that he had brought her a 
golden distaff to spin herself some shifts with. The youngest 
said she dreamed that he had married her second sister, 
and that on the wedding-day he held a golden ewer, and said, 
" Merveilleuse, come hither and wash." 

The King, indignant at this dream, knit his brow, and made 
an exceedingly wry face. Everybody saw he was very angry. 
He retired to his chamber, and flung himself into bed. He 
could nob forget his daughter's dream. " This insolent little 
creature," said he, " would degrade me into her servant. I 
should not be surprised if she had put on white satin without 



THB &AM. 213 

of rae at all. She holds me unworthy of considera- 
>\it I will frustrate her wicked designs while there is 
He rose in a fury ; and though it was not yet day- 
sent for the captain of his guards, and said to him, 
ive heard the dream of Merveilleuse : it prognosti- 
-ange things against me. I command you to seize 
lediately, to take her into the forest, and kill her; 
ich, you will bring me her heart and her tongue, that 
3 sure you have not deceived me, or I will have you 
3ath in the most cruel manner possible." The cap- 
the guards was astounded at this barbarous order. 
I not remonstrate with the King, for fear of increasing 
r, and causing him to give the horrible commission to 
He assured him he would take the Princess and 
and bring him her heart and her tongue, 
laptain went directly to the Princess's apartment, 
3 found some difficulty in obtaining admission, for it 
very early. He informed Merveilleuse that the King 
;o see her. She rose immediately ; a little Moorish 
led Patypata, carried her train. A young ape, and a 
y, who always accompanied her, ran after her. The 
called Grabugeon, and the little dog, Tintin. The 
of the guards made Merveilleuse descend into the 
where he told her the King was taking the fresh 
: air. She entered it ; the captain pretended to look 
King, and not finding him, said, " No doubt his 
has walked on into the wood." He opened a little 
i led the Princess into the forest. It was just getting 
tie Princess looked at her conductor: he had tears 
yes, and was so dejected that he could not speak. 
is the matter?" inquired she in the kindest tone; 
em very much distressed." " Ah, Madam ! " exclaimed 
30 could be otherwise at the most dreadful order that 
given ! The King has commanded me to kill you in 
tst, and to take him your heart and your tongue. If 
do so he will piit me to death." The poor Princess 
pale with terror, and began to weep silently. She 
ike a little lamb about to be sacrificed. She fixed 
itiful eyes on the captain of the guards, and looking 
vithout anger, said, " Will you really have the he^vt 
me  we, who never did you any laarni, i\\^ Vasv 




^ "' '., " V -..-Jn'SOll, 

 - V wg TiiTua. Al last, Gnbogeou, 

 -L^^ > 15 a.' the rery top of  trM, 

 " *- treawK, was killed on the 
. * . Mateicwa ber, she consented, s 

- *-- -sKiadn of the guards should 

-' ; s *r- aiaU, (fiM- altogether On 

^v"  os fist) that to their great 

->\v jv Kjh wxwld not t    



THE BAH. 216 

Alas ! my dear little ape, behold thee dead then," cried 

l^^Prinoeea^ ^without my life being ensured by the sacrifice 

'~ lel** ^It is )r me that honour is reserved," inter- 

the Moor, snatching up as she efpoke the knife that 

been used upon Grabugeon, and plunging it into her 

The captain of the guards would have taken her 

_ bat it was so black that he could not flatter himself 

[aonld cheat the king with it. 

I not most unfortunate !" said the Princess weeping. 

IcMie all those I love, and yet my lot remains unchanged.** 

~ you would have accepted my ofier," said Tintin, ''you 

only have had to regret my loss^ and 1 should have had 

atiBmction of being ^e only one r^retted.'* Merveil- 

kiased her little dog, weeping so bitterly over him that 

quite exhausted. She turned hastily away, and when 

TOitared again to look round, her conductor was gone, and 

fbond hersdif alone with the dead bodies of her Moor, her 

and her little dog. She could not quit the spot till she 

buried them in a hole which she found by chance at the 

of a tree, upon which she afterwards scratched these 

:ipwds:  

" Three faithftil Ariendi lie buried In thU grave, 
Who sacrificed themselvet my life to lave." 

She then b^an to think of her own safety, and as there 
none for her in that forest, which was so close to her 
ftther^s castle that the first person who saw her would recog- 
nise her, or where she might be eaten like a chicken by the 
lions and wolves that infested it, she set off walking as ast as 
he could. But the forest was so extensive, and the sun so 
powerful, that she was soon ready to die with heat, fear, and 
weariness. She gazed about her everywhere, without being 
able to see the termination of the wood. Everything alarmed 
her. She fancied continually the King was in pursuit of her, 
to kill her. It is impossible to repeat aU the lamentations 
she naturally gave utterance to. 

She walked on without following any particular path, the 
thickets tearing her beautiful dress, and scratching her white 
skin. At length she heard a sheep bleat. " No doubt," said 
she, " there are some shepherds here with their flocks. They 
may direct me to some village where I may conceal myself in 
the dress oi a peasant -AJasi" continued she, "^ONet^\^Ck& 




Jlif 

*. ttft'rm t . TIIUT 

*A  rt'/p; .^ijuti :iir*sr "uaa slow: -vnuK 

Alt."/ .v.tr A-m. trui f^t\ t:w r^isnc jil a. rtnnaLof cn^p 
V'.^KT'.nvv A ;pir'.xa :ff ui;o. if ^ki snaUBt in ibe air 
jMi-Ai-*/*, ,'..nfv ?r-,ra -.Aft nyi -jf ^aii m. A a uuik cd gidlf- 
>>>v^.-; ^r.A/^y^ *r* ir-'imi imn- -ran 31 Ihhl if bravnogai 

*^f^^M^ ^r4 'Arr> 4^ 'SF9kzi. icii fspeeoneBCSL Some voe 
^Af.i,'/ a\ 'aa*i^., r^truir^ ^: lizacTeoec. Seveial ware eolbii 

*A 'iff\f\, '.rrrArr>;r.V:^ -wrxu. T^''^" ievie& e ar g iuff^ tod 
t,*f^iA*, ^:A fSov<.-r% ir profcLscc M^nciileiiBe was to art)- 
t,f*)fiA *f.}i\ i^ufi r^f^lntyi almoK zn>:tf^jc]eBB. Her ejeBvan- 

'J//'/; .;. i'r,:f'.:. ',f .,.'; >'.ex;.^r: !.: Liii the care of this ex- ^ 

' / .f.f.... ,t I W',' / ^ v.;.^^ rr.o r^ri ::.:-il P-in came bc-undingand 

/'/, ,' :./ i,;, f/, h/f. '' Ar^r.r'-.'w-:.. iiviL-e Princess." said he to 

K' /, ..;'! f.;tr ii',Unii'/, fnAfi i'lr:':^ iL'fintle and peaceful animals 

 '' "' ' ' VVIjat. yr'Av^ry is th:j  a talking Ram!" ex- 

'I.m;,,*'I iI,' \'t\\n'.i'K:\. ** Kh, Madam," rejoined the Ram, 

" v'/"M ji|w iind y/,iir Iiff,lo dog HfxAe very prettily. Had you 

I' . .  iiiiivi hi Imi \\\\r\tr'm'A at that?" " A Fairy,** replied Mer- 

v till iiin, " liiid \}i'wUt\svA th(3 ^ft of speech on them, which 

hhhIm ilin iiiiif,hr |ihh Wonderful." " A similar adventure may 

! M liiinrn liiivo hrrnllon ourselves," answered the Ram, 

Miiiiliiii; III (I nhiupiHh manner. "But what caused you to 

hiMi ,viiiii' MopN thiN way, my Princcssl" "A thousand mis- 

InrlunoKi my \u\\\ Uiim," said she to him; "I am the most 

Ultlm|tlty immin In iho world. I seek an asylum from tbe 

wnr W mjr Ikthor/* *Oomo, Madam," i-eplied the Ram; 

^ Witfl IIH\ 1 ofH^r you one whicli can be known only 

IMI( Wx\ y\m lamll \h) ab8i>luto mistress in it" '' It is 

lUl ftir lUH to fv>Uow you/* said Merveilleuse : " I am 

tlltti ttlA go\dL ViccvA <4ad his chariot to be 



THE RAM. 217 

aent for. The next momont they led forward six goats har- 
nessed to a pumpkin of such a prodigious size that two per- 
sons could sit in it with the greatest ease. The pumpkin was 
diy, and the inside hollowed out and fitted with capital down 
cushions^ and lined with velvet throughout. The Princess got 
into it, admiring so novel an isquipage. The Master-Ram 
seated himself in the pumpkin beside her, and the goats took 
them at full gallop to a cavern, the entrance to which was 
closed by a large stone. The golden-horned Ram touched the 
stone with his foot, and it immediately fell. He told the 
Princess to enter without fear : she believed the cavern to be 
a horrible place, and had her alarm been less, nothing could 
have induced her to descend into it ; but her apprehensions of 
pursuit were so great, that she would at that moment have 
thrown herself into a well. 

She followed therefore without hesitation the Ram, who 
walked before her to show her the way down, which ran so 
deep, so deep, that she fancied she must bo going at least to 
the antipodes, and sometimes feared he was conducting her to 
the regions of the dead. 

At length she discovered all on a sudden a vast plain, 
enamelled with a thousand different flowers, whose delicious 
perfume surpassed that of any she had ever met with; a 
broad river of orange-flower water flowed around it ; fountains 
of Spanish wine, rossolis,* hipocras, and a thousand other 
sorts of liqueurs formed charming cascades and little rivulets. 
The plain was covered with singular trees. Tlicre were entire 
avenues of them, with partridges better larded and dressed 
than you would get them at La Guerbois' ^ hanging on the 
branches. In other avenues they were laden with quails, 
young rabbits, turkeys, chickens, pheasants, and oi-tolans. In 
certain parts, where the atmosphere appeared a little hazy, it 
rained Bisques (Tecrevissej and other soups j/o?Vs-(7?-rts, ragouts 
of sweetbreads, white puddings, sausages, tarts, patties, sweet- 
meats both wet and dry ; besides Louis- d'ors, crowns, i)carl8, 

(1) See note to page 2. Hipocras was an artificial wine, usually made of claret 
and spices. 

(2) The name of a famous traiteur, or rdtisseur, to be added to those of Mignot 
and Bergerat, immortalised by Boileau. "There is a cook-shop in the Rue St. 
Honor6,'* writes an English traveller of that period, " where 300 men are employed 
in larding of fowl all at a time. The master keeps a register of the places wliero 
they live, and of the times when they are to bring in fuw Warded. \\<i\.o\^\vvvi\\^ 
sometimes dressed dinners of a thousand livres (francs)."  View of Paris, VlVi\. 



218 THE RAH. 

and diamonds. Showers so rare, as well as so nsefol, woqU 
no doubt have attracted very excellent company if the great 
Bam had been more inclined to mix with society in geiuanJ; 
but all the chronicles in which he is mentioned ooncor in 
assuring us that he was as reeerred as a Boman senator. 

As it was in the finest time of the year that M^rveilleiue 
had arriyed in these beautiful r^ons, she saw no o&er 
palace than what was formed by long l^ies of orange-tieei^ 
jasmins, honeysuckles, and little musk-roses^ whose inteilaoed' 
branches formed cabinets, halls, and chambers, all hung witk 
gold and silver gauze, and furnished with large punoni^ 
lustres, and admirable paintings. 

The Master-Ram told the Princess to consider herself the 
sovereign of these regions; that for some years past he had 
had much cause for sorrow and tears; but that it only d&> 
pended on her to make him forget all his misfortunes. 
'' There is something so generous in your behaviour, duurm- 
ing Ram," said she to him, ^^ and everything I see here appean 
to me so extraordinary, that I know not what to make of it" 

She had scarcely uttered these words when there appeared 
before her a troop of nymphs of the most admirable beautf. 
They presented her with fruit in baskets of amber, but when 
she advanced towards them they insenably receded; she ex- 
tended her hands to touch them, but felt nothing, and ascer- 
tained that they were only phantoms. ^' Oh ! what means 
this]" she exclaimed. ''Who are these around me)" She 
began to weep, and King Ram, (for so they called him,) who 
had left her for a few minutes, returning and finding her in 
tears, was in such despair that he felt he should die at her 
feet. 

'* What is the matter, lovely Princess 1" he inquired. "Has 
any one in these dominions been wanting in the respect due 
to youT' "No," answered she; " I do not complain of any 
one ; I only confess to you that I am unaccustomed to live 
among the dead, and with sheep that talk. Everything here 
frightens me, and greatly obliged as I am to you for bringing 
me hither, I shall be more so if you will take me back into 
the world." 

" Do not be alarmed," replied the Ram; " deign to listen 
to me calmly, and you shall hear my sad history. 

"I was bom to a throne. A long line of kings, my 



THE BAM. 219 

ancestors, had secured me the possession of the finest kingdom 
in the imiveree. My subjects loved me. I was feared and 
envied by my neighbours, and generally respected, with some 
justice. It was said that no king had ever been more worthy 
of such homage. My personal appearance was not without 
its attractions to those who saw me. I was exceedingly fond 
of hunting, and the eager pursuit of a stag having separated 
me from my attendants, I suddenly saw him plunge into a 
pond. I spurred my horse in after him, as imprudently as 
boldly, but instead of the coldness of the water I felt an ex- 
traordinary heat. The pond dried up, and through an open- 
ing, out of which issued terrible flames, I fell to the bottom 
of a precipice, where nothing was to be seen but fire. 

"I thought myself lost, when I heard a voice which said 
to me, *No less fire could warm thy heart, imgrateful one!' 
' Hah ! who is it that complains of my coldness?' said I. ' An 
unfortunate who adores thee without hope,' replied the voice. 
At the same moment the flames were extinguished, and I 
perceived a Fairy whom I had known fi:om my earliest infancy, 
and whose age and ugliness had always horrified me. She 
was leaning on a young slave of incomparable beauty ; the 
golden chains she wore sufficiently betokened her condition. 
* What prodigy is this, Eagotte,' said I to her, (so is the Fairy 
named;) can this really be by your orders?' *By whose 
orders diould it be?' replied the Fairy. * Is it but now thou 
hast learned the state of my heart? Must I undergo the 
shame of explaining myself? Have my eyes, once so certain 
of their power, lost all their influence? Consider how low I 
Btoop ! 'Tis I who make this confession of my weakness to 
thee, who, great king as thou mayest be, art less than an ant 
compared to a Fairy like me.' * I am whatever you please,' 
said I to her, impatiently, * but what is it you demand of me? 
is it my crown, my cities, my treasTires?' *Ah, wretch 1' 
she replied, disdainfully, * my scullions, if I chose it, could be 
more powerful than thou. I demand thy heart. My eyes 
have asked thee for it a thousand and a thousand times. 
Thou hast not understood them, or rather, thou wouldst not 
understand them. Hadst thou been desperately in love with 
another,' continued she, 'I would not have interrupted the 
progress of thy passion ; but I had too great an interest in 
thee not to discover the indifference that reigao^ m\)K^\va^x\., 



220 THE RAM. 

Well then, love me ! ' added she, pursing up her mouth to make 
it look more agi-eeable, and rolling her eyes about; * I will be 
thy little Ragotte, I will add twenty kingdoms to that thou 
hast already, an hundred towers full of gold, five hundred 
full of silver,  in a word, all thou canst wish for.' * Madame 
Ragotte,' said I to her, * it is not at the bottom of a pit in 
which I expected to be roasted that I should think of making 
a declaration to a person of your merit ; I implore you by aU 
the charms that adorn you to set me at liberty, and then we 
will consider together what can be done for your satisfaction.' 
* Hah, traitor l' she exclaimed, * if thou didst love me, thou 
wouldst not seek the road back to thy kingdom; in a grotto, 
in a fox-hole, in the woods, in the deserts, thou wouldst be 
happy. Think not that I am such a novice. Thou hopest 
to escape, but I give thee notice that thou shalt remain here, 
and thy first task shall be to keep my sheep. They are in- 
telligent animals, and speak at least as well as thou canst.' 

" So saying she advanced with me into the plain where we 
now are, and showed me her flock. I paid little attention to 
*hemj the beauty of the slave beside her appeared to me 
marvellous; my eyes betrayed me. The cruel Ragott, noticing 
my admiration, flew upon her and plunged a bodkin into one 
of her eyes with such violence that the adorable girl fell dead 
upon the spot. At this horrible sight I threw myself upon 
Ragotte, and, sword in hand, would have immolated her to 
those dear manes, if by her power she had not rendered me 
motionless. All my efforts were in vain; I fell to the earth, 
and sought for means to slay myself, to end the agony I was 
in, when the Fairy said to me with an ironical smile, * I will 
make thee know my power ; thou art a lion at present, thou 
shalt become a sheep.' 

" At the same moment she touched me with her wand, and 
I found myself transformed as you behold me. I have not 
lost the faculty of speech, nor the sense of affliction which my 
position occasioned me. * Thou shalt be a sheep for five 
years,' said she, ' and absolute master of these beautiful 
realms, while, far from thee and no longer beholding thy 
handsome face, I will brood only over the hate I owe thee.' 

" She disappeared, and if anything could have lightened 

' misfortune, it would have been her absence. The talking 
jrou see here acknowledged Ttie *a \kvi km^; they 



TBE &AM. 221 

i&fiuDcied me that they were unfortunate mortals who had in 
TariouB ways given offence to the vindictive Fairy, and had 
been formed by her into a flock; that the penance of some 
iros of less duration than that of others. In fact," he added, 
^ every now and then they become what they were before, 
and leave the flock. As for the shadows you have seen, they 
are those of the rivals and enemies of Ragotte whom she has de- 
prived of life for a century or so, and who will afterwards return 
to the world. The youDg slave I spoke of is amongst them. 
I have seen her several times with great pleasure, although 
she did not speak to me, and on approaching her I had the 
vexation to find it was but her shade ; finding however that 
one of my sheep was very attentive to this little phantom, I 
discovered that he was her lover, and that Bagotte, out of 
jealousy, had taken him from her. For this reason, I have 
since avoided the shade of the slave, and during three years 
have sighed for nothing but my liberty. 
. "In the hope of regaining it, I frequently wander into the 
forest. There I saw you, beautifril Princess," continued he, 
"sometimes in a chariot which you drove yourself with more 
skill than the sun does his own, sometimes following the chase 
on a steed that seemed as if he would obey no other rider, 
or contending in the race with the ladies of your court, flying 
lightly over the plain, you won the prize, like another Ata- 
lanta. Ah, Princess, if, during all this time in which my 
heart paid you its secret homage, I had dared to address you, 
what should I not have said? But how would you have 
received the declaration of an unhappy sheep like mel** 

Merveilleuse was so agitated by all she had heard, that she 
scarcely knew how to answer him. She said some civil things 
to him, however, which gave him a little hope, and told him 
that she was less alarmed at the ghosts now that she knew 
their owners would revive again. "Alas!" continued she, 
" if my poor Patypata, my dear Grabugeon, and the pretty 
Tintin, who died to save me, could meet with a similar fate, I 
should not be so melancholy here." 

Notwithstanding the degradation of the royal Earn, he 
possessed some very groat privileges. " Go," said he to his 
grand equerry, (a very good-looking sheep,) "go fetch the 
moor, the ape, and the little dog; their shades will amuse our 
'Princess, " The next moment they appeared, and ^^jJclov^^V 



Hi|i;f itM nof tuiiiiii mi iw gl i amr mw^ b hv to] 

minlnd for ngrtttiM OHi^^Bn. ^ mm wm {BOBalBly - 
ft^tkl of Mt>rT*fIleTwe,a^A*t^Mite Bt ha> miiiw i^ud 
t,<r him. nn<] At lengfk to bw 1^ A pKbv ibMpy m; 

KMilk vvrv nfTiMtioiHte, k mB ^A^ to piMe one, p>- 
Wukrl,v WDBn it is knnra W  k ki^ nd Ikik Us tnoR- 
Ih^MMttun wfll ahnrtlj tiiiiiiiMfti ~' *" 
hw t^> (n |<ni awstting  b^ 

tW iinitnt Ihin the ' ' 
VftM^ ttiwvrtm hiintN; h cc 
Uhr kWM I'kj^Hl their jnna ia 

W vV. I'U thn nrrinil of-ltoai 
MM wt W 1K(< ncwii, Hud tiwajm 
teMh|NMMn\ tn If&med thst ffce c 
Mv*^tIltvww M about to mttrj a 
U^>iti>m whM Iw more magiufieatf 
tluyi .( WMltMit K>r tliQ nuptials. 'Ah" ^ i^-? TT<^n^ 

PttWiWMV "Wo* nftirtnnate I am toh* t*^  - ^~!ii 

.1  niA>i,i ""v' tliiUk.'s! n ere am I m. r-t 

i,li.-.,is t>..i JivV[<, wliilat my Bister is apinairirLi w all the 
i'iM > ,)ii,viitv si'tomlpur, Everybody wilt pay eoart to 
111 1 I .'i-(i,' .Jitt dun' lui ahftre in her joy."* " What reason 
h.n,' \,'ii I.' vS'ini'tniii, Mtlnml" said the King cf the Sheep: 
lin. 1 ivili'^\l >'  ormission to go to the wading) 
l\|.i>i i, wii *< >\>w fSlWf, only give me yonr word that 
v.'ii ui!| .,nmi. If v\m do not agree to that, you will see 
"w , \|. !, It yin- Rv{. fur my attachment to you ia too 
iiL'iiiii \\'i n>,- I,' |,w.' wii mid live." Merreillense, much 
lit.-, i.-.l, ).i.M.in,sl (tio Uitiii tlmt nothing in the world should 
|-iv\,iM li,i ivrum, Uii (nvviilod her with an eqnipage 
Iviluiiii; tii-i ^iu^. Sl' !>s sujiorbly dressed, and nothing 
i*.i tiii\;i>iiv'ii tli;U iviiU iiu'ivuso lier beauty. She entered a 
thitvivit ot' iiioilioi^i'f (vHfl, dcawu by six Isabella coloored'^ 



h C*(\ 4uA<b?U1 t 



TBI RAM. 223 

bTpogriffinSy neirly aniyed from the antipodefl. She was 
uoompamed by a great number of exceedingly handsome 
Qffio6^^ ri<ddy atiued. The royal Bam had sent for them from 
a great dutanoe, to form the train of the PrinoesB. 

She arrived at her fiither^s court at the moment the 
marriage was being celebrated. As soon as she appeared, 
die dazsled erenrbody by the blaze of her beauty and of the 
jeweils which adorned her. She heard nothing around her 
fmt aocJamationB and praises. The King gased on her with 
such eagerness and pleasure that she was afraid he would 
reoognxBe her; but he was so convinced of her death that he 
had not the least idea she was his daughter. 

The fear, notwithstanding, that she should be detained, 
prevented her staying to quite the end of the ceremony. She 
d^erted abruptly, leaving a little coral box, garnished with 
eBoeralds, and with these words on it, in diamond sparks: 
<* Jewels for the Bride." They opened it immediately, and 
wl|at did they not find in it ! The King, who had hoped to 
tee her again and was burning to know who she was, was in 
despair at her departure. He gave strict orders that if 
ever she returned, they should eut the gates oipon her and 
detain her. 

Brief as had been the absence of Merveilleuse, it had 
seemed an age to the Bam. He waited for her by the side of 
a fountain in the thickest part of the forest He had immense 
treasures displayed there, with the intention of presenting 
them to her in gratitude for her return. As soon as he saw 
her, he ran towards her, bounding and frisking like a true 
sheep. He lay down at her feet, he kissed her hands, he told 
her all his anxiety and his impatience. His passion inspired 
him with an eloquence which quite charmed the Princess. 

Some short time afterwards the King married his second 
daughter. Merveilleuse beard of it, and entreated the Ram to 
permit her to witness, as before, a fSte in which she took so 
much interest. { 

At this request, he felt a pang which he could not suppress. 
A secret presentiment foretold to him some misfortune ; but 
as we cannot always avoid evil, and his consideration for the 
Princess overruled every other feeling, he had not the heart 
to refuse her. " You desire to leave me, Madam," said he \ 
"for this misfortune I must blame my sad deaWn^ xslqt^ \)w&xv 




and. I GUI never mal 

^roaid letimi as quickl 

aQDaid be deeply pa: 

nozn him ; and entrea 

^le Teat in the same 

xTommendng the s 

dij were paying t( 

-OT and adnuratioB 

3a her. They cc 

JeuxcT ro be so extrao 

3UZS be somethii 



-31 4W jer jc^n? more. Hi 

:a - jFsar mH ibe doors to b 

!&b vsaraaiiLiiT being neai 

OHC she might disa^ 

srpaed and distr< 



.Vk 




 \. I. 



'.k.- k2> 



, 



mitL^mm 3S^)ect and a sub 

3i iKggBC hot sot to depri\ 

iL ^wfuiic ^iST. find that she 

.-:-. :u \*:iif i.io-: :: give the 

^ .u"^*L 1..I1 vith their pres< 

..-. . - i :iiii^ficem saloon, ir 

->*.......=.. u:.'V -Cfred to her hi 

::.?..:. v:::i -FAier, that she 
'.: :iLJsw she could no 

a., -.it i'l::;^ icrself at his fe( 

. ,_^ .;... Ltvi, ' -Xiicld. my dream hi 

..r:^ ic %a.cer :o wash with < 
... ^^ .-.av -.vu befiilling you." 

^^ .i ..i,:a ':s> iilhculty, as he ha 

.cr ^reuc resemblance tc 

. .. .*. "..i**;^'.ict:r.'* said he, embrac 
..^ .. .-H"^c my cruelty 1 I 
,^^^i v..*a- Lrwuu prognostica^ 
.. . s, , .-i*ie<cu. ' .vutiuued he, " f 

^ ^ , .,^.-. i*iii -^**^J^ ^^ * crown 
^ \ "^^ .<- ^. ,H*rs " So raying, he ro 
*  vai'>MQ9e& crying, 



V>k. 



^*' 



SJL3C 2:^5 

I Queen MerfciILECKl'' AH uie cocrc r?pE*d:cii lijc <l:w:. 
two ip**-* id bbe T^un^ I^zmSieii ouDe iind :Lr^T ihcir 
mromid her cieck. izd kfssei Ler & ^-.vLSLnd :ii:i<&, 
vfti so ^^pj she cccld =.*:( cxrr\csg hzr :cT:l::^^^. 
I cried and langrirHJ u cLe s&me mon^c:. Sl^ cz::icrav.\:c 
talked to anctitasr. chAZLud Ube Kiz^. &=.d in cc.^ llliI^c 
iluB iccciiieeccd ihe ca^fciin oc chie cillttI io L::i: <x:< 
under so much ccrgaifo::. and askol c;i^rlj :o see 
but ther izLforxned hssr he was dead. Sh^ fcl: 1m< Ic^ 



v 



When they sat down to Xiiitile, toe Kir.g r:\q^ue:s:cd :.^'r 
all thai had iiAppenei :o her since rhe dav r.c Lii 
guch faxftl orders respecrin^ her. She ininie-I-iiTtly 
the EirritiTe. with the mcot adsiinille imioe. ;u:.: 
rbody Uatened to Ler ftnentiTelT. 

Kit whilst she was thus engnj^sed by the King ;vn.; hcT 
firten^ the enamoured Ram saw the hour nxcd :Vr c2:e rv:uni 
ef the Princess pass bv. and his acxieiT became sc cxtrvnie tiiti: 
be oonld not contrGi it. * She will never n?tuni,~ he cried ; 
"my miserable sheep's &ce disgusts her. Oh! Cvx^ uiirVr- 
tonate loTer, what will become of me if I have I.sc Mcr- 
leOlensel Bagotte! b^Lrbarous Fairy!  ^how ha;5t then rt- 
tenged thyself for my indicerence to ihee !" He iuvui-iitd ::i 
nch lamentations for a long time, and then. Ending iii^l.: 
approach, without any signs of the Princess, he ran ;o t:.o 
dty- When he reached the King's palace, ho askcvi to sko 
Mo'veilletise : but as evervbodr was now aware oi her ad- 
ventures, and by no means desired that slie shoiild retiiru to 
the realms of the Bam, they harshlv refused to admit him to 
her presence. He uttered cries and lamentations caj^ible of 
moving any one except the Swiss guard who stood sentn^ at 
the palace gates. At length, broken-hearted, he dung hiiuself 
on the ground, and breathed his last sigh. 

The King and ^[erveilleuse knew nothing of the sad 
tragedy which had taken place. The King proposed to his 
daughter to mount a triumphal car, and show hei'solf to all 
the city by the lights of thousands and thousimds of tlam- 
l>eaux which illuminated the windows and all the groat 
squares; but what a horrible spectacle for her, to see, as she 
issued from the palace-gates, her dear Ram stretched breatliloss 
on the pareinent ! She threw herself from the cm, d\vi r\\i \ci 



Mt ^>.> >l U d..- hemic 

)l inut UiKU aJmUtaid tfait immh rf tto la^ifiBt rank u 

lWit)*vH(ljr iiwvt with tigWilB*MMTatrfieTOyni 
UmJ Mwtv lIuHnwiTM to ban laaMid dw hd^ of l 






Finette Csndron.  p. 2- 



FINETTE CENDRON. 229 

lady's maid. Take down my hair and comb it." The 

Princess took her hair down and combed it as cleverly as 

possible. "I know well enongh," said Merluche, "what 

brought you hither. You overheard the King and Queen 

consulting how they might lose you, and you would avoid 

this misfortune. Here, you have only to take this skein of 

thread ; it will never break. Fasten one end of it to the 

door of your house and keep the other end in your hand ; 

"when the Queen leaves you, you will easily find your way 

back by following the thread." 

The Princess thanked her godmother, who gave her a bag 
full of fine dresses all of gold and silver. She embraced her, 
placed her again on the pretty horse, and in two or three 
minutes he carried Finette to the door of their majesties' 
cottage. " My little fnend," said Finette to the horse, " you 
are very handsome and clever ; your speed is as great as the 
8un's. I thank you for your service. Return to the place 
yovL came fix>m." She entered the house softly, and hiding 
Iier bag under her bolster went to bed, without appearing to 
know anything that had taken place. At break of day the 
ing woke his wife : " Come, come. Madam," said he, " make 
i-eady for your journey." She got up directly, took her thick 
shoes, a short petticoat, a white jacket, and a stick. She 
summoned her eldest daughter, who was named Fleur 
d* Amour; her second, who was named Belle-4e-Nuit, and her 
third, named Fine-Oreille, whom they familiarly called Finette. 
" I have been thinking all last night," said the Queen, " that 
we ought to go and see my sister; she will entertain us 
capitally. We may feast and laugh as much as we like there." 
Fleur d' Amour, who was in despair at living in a desert, said 
to her mother, "Let us go. Madam, wherever you please; 
provided I may walk somewhere, I don't care." The two 
others said as much. They took leave of the King and set 
off all four together. They went so far  so far, that Fine- 
Oreille was much afraid her thread would not be long enough, 
for they had gone nearly a thousand leagues. She walked 
always behind the others, drawing the thread cleverly through 
the thickets. 

When the Queen imagined that her daughters could not 
find the way back, she entered a thick wood, and said to 
them, " Sleep, my little lambs, I will be like the shepherdess. 



230 FINETTE C3ENDBON. 

who watches over her flock for fear the wolf should deyoor 
them." They laid themselves down on the grass and went 
to sleep. The Queen left them there, believing she should 
never see them again. Finette had shut her eyes, but not 
gone to sleep. '* If I were an ill-natured girl^" said she to 
herself, " I should go home directly and leave my sisters to 
die here, for they beat me and scratch me till the blood 
comes. But notwithstanding all their malice, I will not 
abandon them." She aroused them, and told them the whole 
story. They began to cry, and begged her to take them with 
her, promising that they would give her beautiful dolls, a 
child's set of silver plate, and all their other toys and sweet- 
meats. " I am quite sure you will do no such thing," said 
Finette ; " but I will behave as a good sister should, for all 
that." And so saying she rose, and followed the clue with 
the two princesses, so that they reached home almost as soon 
as the Queen. Whilst they were at the door, they heard the 
King say, ** It gives me the heart-ache to see you come back 
alone." " Pshaw !" said the Queen, " our daughters were too 
great an incumbrance to us." " But," said the King, "if you 
had brought back my Finette, I might have consoled myself 
for the loss of the others, for they loved nothing and nobody." 
At that moment they knocked at the door  ^rap, rap. "Who 
is there 1" said the King. "Your three daughters," they 
replied, "Fleur d' Amour, Belle-de-Nuit, and Fine-Oreille." 
The Queen began to tremble. " Don't open the door," she 
exclaimed; "it must be their ghosts, for it is impossible 
they could find their way back alive." The King, who was 
as great a coward as his wife, called out, " It is false; you are 
not my daughters ! " but Fine-Oreille, who was a shrewd girl, 
said to him, " Papa, I will stoop down, and do you look at 
me through the hole made for the cat to come through, and 
if I am not Finette, I consent to be whipped." The King 
looked as she told him to do, and as soon as he recognised 
her, he opened the door. The Queen pretended to be de- 
lighted to see them again, and said, " that she had forgotten 
something, and had come home to fetch it ; but that most 
assuredly she should have returned to them." They pre- 
tended to believe her, and went up to a snug little hay-loft, 
in which they always slept. 

"i^ow, sisters," said Finette, "-jom ^Torcdsad me a doll; 



HNETTE CENDEON. 231 

give it me." " Thou mayst wait for it long enough, little 
T^ogae,^^ ssiid they. " Thou art the cause of the King's caring 
BO little for us;" and thereupon, snatching up their distaflfe, 
they beat her as if she had been so much mortar. When they 
had beaten her as much as they chose, they let her go to bed, 
but as she was covered with wounds and bruises, she could not 
sleep, and she heard the Queen say to the King, '' I will take 
them in another direction, much further, and I am confident 
they will never return." When Finette heard this plot, she 
rose very softly to go and see her godmother again. She went 
into the hen-yard and took two hens and a cock, and wrung 
their necks, also two little rabbits that the Queen was fatten- 
ing upon cabbages, to make a feast of on the next occasion. 
She put them all into a basket and set off: but she had not 
gone a league groping her way and quaking with fear, when 
the Spanish horse came up at a gallop, snorting and neighing. 
She thought it was all over with her; that some soldiers were 
about to seize her. When she saw the beautiful horse all 
alone, she jumped upon him, delighted to travel so comfort- 
ably, and arrived almost immediately at her godmother s. 

After the usual ceremonies, she presented her with the 
hens, the cock, and the rabbits, and begged the assistance of 
her good advice, the Queen having sworn she would lead them 
to the end of the world. Merluche told her goddaughter not 
to afflict herself, and gave her a sack full of ashes. " Carry 
this sack before you," said she, " and shake it as you go along. 
You will walk on the ashes, and when you wish to return you 
will have only to follow your footmarks; but do not bring 
your sisters back with you. They are too malicious, and if 
you do bring them back I will never see you again." Finette 
took leave of her, taking away by her order thirty or forty 
millions of diamonds in a little box, which she put in her 
pocket. The horse was ready in waiting, and carried her 
home as before. At daybreak the Queen called the Princesses. 
They came to her, and she said to them, " The King is not 
very well; I dreamed last night that I ought to go and 
gather for Mm some flowers and herbs in a certain country 
' where they grow in great perfection. They will completely 
renovate him, therefore let us go there directly." Fleur 
d' Amour and Belle-de-Nuit, who never thought tVievr TCLoWi'et 
intended to lose them again, were much grieved A. \i)cv^"5^ 



"232 PINETTE CENDRON. 

tidings. Go, however, they must; and so fieur did they go that 
never before had any one made so long a journey. Finette, 
who never said a word, kept behind, and shook her sack of 
ashes with such wonderful skill that neither the wind nor tbe 
rain affected them. 

The Queen being perfectly persuaded that they could not 
find their way back again, and observing one evening that 
her three daughters were fast asleep, took the opportunity of 
leaving them, and returned home. As soon as it was light, 
and Finette found her mother was gone, she awoke her sistenj. 
"We are alone," said she; "the Queen has left us." Fleut 
d* Amour and Belle-de-Nuit began to cry; they tore tbeii 
hair, and beat their own faces with their fists, exclaiming, 
"Alas! what will become of us!" Finette was the best- 
hearted girl in the world. She had compassion again on her 
sisters. "See now to what I expose myself," said she to 
them ; " for when my godmother furnished me with means to 
return, she forbade me to show you the way, and told me that 
if I disobeyed her, she would never see me more." Belle-de- 
Nuit threw herself on Finette's neck, Fleur d*Amour did the 
same, kissing her so affectionately that it required nothing 
more to bring them all three back together to the King aud 
the Queen. 

Their majesties were greatly surprised at the return of the 
Princesses. They talked about it all night long, and the 
youngest, who was not called Fine-Oreille for nothing, heard 
them concoct a new plot, and arrange that the next morning 
the Queen should again take them on a journey. She ran to 
wake her sisters ; " Alas ! " said she to them, " we are lost 1 
The Queen is determined to lead us into some wilderness, and 
leave us there. For your sakes I have offended my god- 
mother; I dare not go to her for advice as I used to do." 
They were in sad trouble, and said one to another, " What 
shall we do, sister; what shall we do?" At length Belle-de- 
Nuit said to the two others, "Why should we worry our- 
selves) old Merluche has not got all the wit in the world  
some other folks may have a little. We have <Jhly to take 
plenty of* peas with us and drop them all along the road as we 
 and we shall be sure to trace our way back." Fleur 

^imr thought the idea admirable; they loaded themselves 
filing all their pockets ; but Fine-Oreille, instead 



IINETTE CENDRON. 233 

of peas, took her bagfiill of fine clothes, and the little box of 
diamonds, and as soon as the Queen called them they were 
ready to go. She said to them, " I dreamed last night that 
in a country ^hich it is unnecessary to name, there are three 
handsome princes, who are waiting to marry you. I am 
going to taie you there, to see if my dream is true." The 
Queen went first and her daughters followed her, dropping 
their peas without any anxiety, for they made sure of being 
able to find their way home. 

This time the Queen went further than ever she had gone 
before ; but during one dark night she left the Princesses, and 
reached home very weary, but very happy to have got rid of 
80 great a burthen as her three daughters. 

The three Princesses having slept till eleven o'clock in the 
morning, awoke, and Finette was the first to discover the 
Queen's absence. Although she was perfectly prepared for it, 
she could not help crying, trusting for her return much more 
to the power of her fairy godmother than to the cleverness of 
her sisters. She went to them in a great fright, and said, 
"The Queen is gone; we must follow her as quickly as pos- 
sible." " Hold thy tongue, little mischievous animal," replied 
Fleur d' Amour; "we can find our way well enough when we 
choose; you are making a great fuss at a wrong season, 
gossip." Finette durst not make any answer. When, how- 
ever, they did try to retrace their steps, there were no signs or 
paths to be found. There are immense flocks of pigeons in 
that country, and they had eaten up all the peas. The Prin- 
cesses began to cry and scream with grief and terror. After 
being two days without food, Fleur d'Amour said to Belle-de- 
Kuit, ''Sister, hast thou nothing to eat?" ** Nothing," she 
replied. She put the same question to Finette. " Nor liave 
I," she answered, " but I have just found an acorn." " Ah ! 
give it to me," said one ; " Give it to me," said the other. 
Each insisted on having it. "An acorn will not go far 
amongst three of us," said Finette ; " let us plant it ; there may 
spring a tree from it which may be useful to us." They con- 
sented, although there was little chance of a tree growing in 
a country where none were to be seen. They could find 
only cabbages and lettuces, on which the Princesses lived. 
If they had been very delicate they must have died a hundred 
times. They slept almost always in the open aK, ^xA es^x^ 



234 . FINETTE CENDRON. 

inoining and evening they took it by turns to water the 
acorn, saying to it, " Grow, grow, beautiful acorn!" It began 
to grow so fast that you could see it grow. When it had got 
to some size, Fleur d' Amour tried to climb it, but it was not 
strong enough to bear her; she felt it bend under her weight, 
and so she came down again. Belle-de-Nuit was not more 
successful. Finette, being lighter, managed to get up and 
remain a long time. Her sisters called to her, " Canst thou 
see anything, sister?" She answered, " No, I can see nothing." 
" Ah, then, the oak is not tall enough," said Fleur d' Amour; 
so they continued to water it, and say, " Grow, grow, beautiful 
acorn!" Finette never failed climbing it twice a-day. One 
morning when she was up in the tree, Belle-de-Nuit said to 
Fleur d' Amour, " I have found a bag which our sister has 
hidden from us. What can there be in it?" Fleur d' Amour 
replied, " She told me it contained some old lace she bad got 
to mend." " I believe it is full of sugar-plums," said BeUe- 
de-Nuit. She had a sweet tooth, and determined to ascertain 
the fact She opened the bag, and found in it actually a 
quantity of old lace belonging to the King and Queen, but 
hidden beneath it were the fine clothes the Fairy had given 
to Finette, and the box of diamonds. " Well, now ! was there 
ever such a sly little rogue?" exclaimed Belle-de-Nuit; "we 
will take out all the things, and put some stones in their 
place." They did so directly. Finette rejoined them, without 
observing what they had done, for she never dreamed of 
decking herself out in a desert ; she thought of nothing but 
the oak, which speedily became the finest oak that ever was 
seen. 

One day that she had climbed up into it, and that her 
sisters as usual asked her if she could see anything, she 
exclaimed, "I can see a large mansion, so fine  so fine, that I 
want words to describe it; the walls are of emeralds and 
rubies, the roof of diamonds ; it is all covered with golden 
bells and weathercocks that whirl about as the wind blows." 
** Thou liest," said they ; " it cannot be as fine as thou sayest." 

^ieve me," replied Finette, "I am no story-teller; come 

*ir yourselves; my eyes are quite dazzled by it." 

 olimbed up the tree. When she saw the 

. talk of nothing else. Belle-de-Nuit, who 

curiosity, failed not to climb in her turn, 



EINETTE CENDSON.  235 

and was as much enchanted as her sisters at the sight of the 
ch&teau. " We must certainly go to this palace," they said ; 
^ perhaps we shall find in it some hands6me princes, who will 
be only too happy to marry us." They talked the whole 
evening long on tius subject^ and lay down to sleep on the 
grass; but when Finette appeared to them in a sound 
slumber, Fleur d'Amour said to Belle-de-Nuit, " I'll tell you 
what we should do, sister; let us get up and dress ourselves 
in the fine clothes Finette has brought hither." ** You are in 
the right," said Belle-de-Nuit; so they got up, curled their 
hair, powdered it, put patches on their cheeks,^ and dressed 
themselves in the beautiful gold and silver gowns all covered 
with diamonds. Never was anything so magnificent. Finette, 
ignorant of the theft her wicked sisters had committed, took 
up her bag with the intention of dressing herself, but was 
vastly distressed to find nothing in it but flints. At the 
same moment she perceived her sisters shining like suns. 
She wept, and complained of the treachery they had been 
guilty of towards her, but they only laughed and made a joke 
of it. " Is it possible," said she to them, " that you will have 
the efi&ontery to take me to the chateau, without dressing and 
making me as fine as you are?" "We have barely enough 
for ourselves," replied Fleur d* Amour. "Thou shalt have 
nothing but blows, an' thou importunest us." " But," continued 
she, " the clothes you have on are mine ; my godmother gave 
them to me. You have no claim to them." " If thou sayest 
more about it," said they, " we will knock thee on the head, 
and bury thee without any one being the wiser!" Poor 
Finette did not dare provoke them ; she followed them slowly, 
walking some short distance behind them, as if she were only 
their servant. 

The nearer they approached to the mansion the more won- 
derful it appeared to them, " Oh!" said Fleur d' Amour and 
Belle-de-Nuit, " how we shall amuse ourselves !  what capital 
dinners we shall get ! We shall dine at the King's table ; but 
Finette will have to wash the dishes in the kitchen, for she 
looks like a scullion; and if anybody asks who she is, we 
must take care not to call her our sister ; we must say she is 

(1) Tbe fiuhion of patching the face with small pieces of coart-plaister, cut some- 
times into the most fantastic shapes, was carried to the greatest extreme at the close 
of the seventeenth and commencement of the eighteenth centuries. 



236  FINETTE CENDBON. 

the little cowkeeper ia the village." The lovely and Bengible 
Finette was in despair at being bo ill-treated. 

When they reached the caetie-gate tbey knooked at it It 
was opened immediately by a terrific old icoman. She had 
but one eye, which was in the middle of her forehead, but it 
iras bi^cF than five or six ordinary ones. Her nose was flat, 
hei' complexion swarthy, and her mouth so horrible that it 
frightened you to look at it. She vaa fifteen feet high, and 
measured thirty round her body. " Unfortunate wretehefll" 
said she to them; " what brought ye hitherl Know ye not 
this ia the Ogre's Castle, and that all three of you would 
ecnrcely suffice for his breakfastl But I am more good- 
natured than my husband. Come in ; I will not eat you all 
at ouoe. You shnll have the consolation of living two or ] 
three days longer," When they heard the OgreBS eay this,  
they ran away, hoping to escape; but one of her etndes wu j 
equal to fifty of theirs. She ran after and caught them, one j 
by the hair, the others by the nape of the neck ; and putting 
them under her arm took them into the caatle, and threw ' 
them all three into the oellar, which was full of toads and 
adders, and strewed with the bones of those the Ogres had 

As the Ogress fiincied eating Finette immediately, she went 
to fetch some vinegar, oil, and salt, to make her into a salad, 
but hearing the Ogre coming, and thinking that the Prinoesaes 
were so white and delicate that she shoidd like to eat them 
all herself, she popped them quickly under a large tub, out of 
which tbey could only look through a hole. 

The Ogre was six times as tali as his wife; when he spoke, 
the buildit^ shook, and when he coughed it was like peals of 
thunder. He had but one great filthy eye ; his hair stood all 
on end ; he leaned on a huge Ic^ of wood which he used for a 
cane. Ha had a covered bosket in his hand, out of which 
tiled fifteen little children he had stolen on the road, 
. , .. ^ j^^ fifteen new-laid egga. When the 
L they trembled under the tub. They 
est they should be heard, but tbey whis- 
IJi J'B e will eat us all alive ; is there no 

Lcwk ye, I smell fresh meat ; 
' " " uie Ogress; " thou dost 




UNETTE CENDBON. 237 

always fancy thou smellest fresh meat; it is thy sheep which 
have just passed by." " Oh ! I am not mistaken," said the 
Ogre, " I smell fresh meat for certain, and I shall hunt every- 
where for it" " Hunt," said she ; " thou wilt find nothing." 
" If I do find it, and thou hast hidden it from me," replied 
the Ogre, " I will cut thy head oflF, and make a ball of it." She 
was frightened at this threat, and- said, " Be not angry, my 
dear little Ogre, I will tell thee the truth. Three young girls 
came here to-day, and I have got them safe, but it would be 
a pity to eat them, for they know how to do everything ; I 
am old and want rest ; thou seest our fine house is "very dirty, 
that our bread is badly made, and thy soup now rarely pleases 
thee ; that I myself do not appear so handsome in thine eyes 
since I have worked so hard. These girls will be my servants. 
I pray thee do not eat them just now ; if thou shouldst fancy 
one of them some other day, they will be always in thy 
power." 

The Ogre was very reluctant to promise that he would not 
eat them immediately. *' Let me alone," said he, " I will 
only eat two of them." * No, thou shalt not eat them." 
"Well then, I will only eat the smallest;" and she replied, 
" No, thou shalt not touch one of them." At last, after much 
contention, he promised he would not eat them. She thought 
to herself, *' When he goes hunting I will eat them, and tell 
him they have made their escape." 

The Ogre came out of the cellar, and told his wife to bring 
the girls before him. The poor Princesses were almost dead 
with fright j the Ogress tried to comfort them. When they 
were brought before the Ogre, he asked them what they could 
da They answered, they could sweep, and sew, and spin, 
exceedingly well; that they could make ragouts so delicious 
that joa would eat even the plates ; and as for bread, cakes, 
ood patties, people had been wont to send to them for a 
thousand leagues round. The Ogre was dainty. **Aha!" 
ud he, ''set these good housewives to work immediately; 
but" said he to Finette, " after you have lighted the fire, how 
do you know when the oven is hot enough?" " My Lord," 
she repliedy " I throw some butter into it, and then taste it 
with my tongue." "Very well," said he; "light the oven 
fire, then.*" The oven was as big as a stable, for the Ogre and 
OgresB ate more bread than would feed two armies. The 



238 FINETTE CENDRON. 

Princess made a terrific fire. The oven was as hot as a 
furnace ; and the Ogre, who was present, waiting for his new 
bread, ate in the meanwhile a hundred lambs and a hundred 
little sucking-pigs. Fleur d' Amour and Belle-de-Nuit were 
making the dough. "Well," said the great Ogre, "is the 
oven hot?" " You shall see, my Lord," said Finette. She 
threw in a thousand pounds of butter, and then said to him, 
" It should be tasted with the tongue, but I am too short to 
reach it." " I am tall enough," said the Ogre ; and stooping, 
he thrust his body so far into the oven that he could not 
recover himself, and so all the flesh was burnt off his bone& 
When the Ogress came to the oven she was astounded to find 
her husband a mountain of cinders ! 

Fleur d*Amour and Belle-de-Nuit, who saw she was very 
much distressed, consoled her to the best of their ability, but 
they feared her grief would too soon subside, and, her appetite 
returning, she would make a salad of them as she was about 
to do before. They said to her, " Take comfort, Madam, you 
will find some king or some marquis who will be delighted to 
marry you." She smiled a little, showing her teeth longer 
than one's fingers. 

When they saw her in such a good humour, Finette said to 
her, "If you would throw off these horrible bear-skins in 
which you wrap yourself, and follow the fashion, we will dress 
your hair to perfection, and you will look like a star." 
" Come," said the Ogress, "let us see what thou wouldst do; 
but assure thyself that if there be any ladies handsomer than 
me, I will make minced-meat of thee!" Upon this the three 
Princesses took off her cap, and began combing and curhng 
her hair, amusing her all the while with their chatter. Finette 
then taking a hatchet, struck her from behind such a blow 
that her head was taken clean from her shoulders. 

"Wr was there such delight! The three Princesses 

-"~*fi the roof of the mansion to amuse themselves 

Tcdden bells. They ran into all the apartments, 

wig and diamonds, and the furniture so 

"ire ready to die with pleasure. They 

nted for nothing. There were corn, 

in. abundance. Fleur d' Amour 

p in beds of brocade and velvety 

>^\1B xicber than our father ^a^ 



FINETTE CENDRON. 239 

when he was in possession of his kingdom ; but we want to be 
married, and nobody will venture here. This mansion no 
doubt is considered a cut-throat place, for people are not 
aware of the death of the Ogre and Ogress. We must go to 
the nearest city, and show ourselves in our fine dresses, and 
we shall soon find some honest bankers who will be very glad 
to marry Princesses." As soon as they were dressed, they 
told Finette they were going to take a walk ; that she must 
stay at home and cook, and wash and clean the house, so that 
on their return they might find everything as it should be : 
if not, she should be beaten within an inch of her life ! Poor 
Finette, whose heart was full of grief, remained alone in the 
house, sweeping, cleaning, washing, without resting, and crying 
aU the time. " How unfortunate," she said, " that T should 
have disobeyed my godmother ! All sorts of evils happen to 
me; my sisters have stolen my costly dresses, and array 
themselves in my ornaments. But for me, the Ogre and his 
life would be alive and well at this moment. How have I 
benefited by destroying them?" When she had said this, 
she sobbed till she was almost choked. Shortly afterwards 
her sisters returned laden with Portugal oranges, preserves, 
and sugar. "Ah!" said they to her, " what a splendid ball 
we have been to! How it was crowded! The King's son 
was amongst the dancers ; we have had a thousand compli- 
ments paid to us. Come, take our shoes off and clean them, 
as it is your business to do." Finette obeyed them, and if by 
accident she let a word drop in the way of complaint, they 
flew at her, and beat her almost to death. 

The next day they went out again, and returned with an 

account of new wonders. One evening that Finette was 

sitting in the chimney comer on a heap of cinders, not 

knowing what to do, she examined the cracks in the chimney, 

and found in one of them a little key so old and so dirty that 

she had the greatest trouble in cleaning it. When she had 

done so she found it was made of gold, and presuming that a 

golden key ought to open some beautiful little box, she ran 

all over the mansion trying it in all the locks, and at length 

found it fitted that of a casket which was a masterpiece of 

art. She opened it, and found it full of clothes, diamonds, 

lace, hnen, and ribands^ worth immense sums oi DCiOuc^ . ^\^ 

'' Dota word of her good Juck to her sisters, Wt ns^\\.^^ 



liH>Cil iKuN bwnttAiI tkM a  ^ MHK iijiri 

'ni'u (trntyod, *ha mnt to dw Ul iA(9 i^   
lUwiVi ^"^mx"'!:'' 'till liiiil nri iiJ im "* rihi   iihw|i^ 
f^ t)w MiTf (iMt Uioy did not kw fasi J *  rin 
ty^Miv^ * WHnuur oroRe tbnmg^otf tic ^RHUr^ nw 
nM(MhiiiUiun, othenofjcaloiaT. acnMbdto 

^#lkikteMV> IWaRktreuofthemMMnowetahc^ 

^lA ^AMK W*  avAwnd curtsy, leq^vaieed to fcaaw Is 

v * MP" d**n nmember with fl ti (ke 

 ^ i^ ^ mUinisly beoutiAil pccson. 9n 

.  ~AML Wt UOM VU CeD4roii. Tben mam matt 

 ' ana '^um ks ustras for Cendrgn: not  pad 

 19IM -M Cidron. Neror did a Ktlis 

i>.>ai a M short a time. The ediow 

. . .1^ yitc of Cendron. Peopk had 

^^ v/mik te, nor tongues enm^ to 

R..Ii.--ii.^yat who had juretioudy 
I .-'>  .T :;cv appeared, observing 

_;r3elf from all ill- 

- . > f -. rtinw -Jl" 'AM bom to commaDd, 

', :: , VBirttr ait^ Eell^'^e-Xiut, lo never eaw their 

^^, -,1 v.ii ^wr ^"wb^^med with sool fromthechimney, 

.r.a,-*-.iWf as Ar^f s a dog. had so completely lost all 

;,-j. 1 h." JoKiiC? that Ihey did not recognise her in th 

(X" i'*'^ ***"" '^'"" * Cendron, as well as the rest- 

V ,\ 1. te -K> SA* ihc lU was nearly over, she hastened 

, ,1'ii'wiii &."*. tctxln'ssed herself quickly, and put on 

s ->. .*. *^ ^"^ l>f sisit^rs arrived, " Ah [ Finette," said 

>^, . K^v  tv Sww jst seen a young princess who is per- 

s ,v vVt'ti'v :^ K not a young ape such as thou art, 

V ^  *^-^v  M^.-'W, wilh a richer crimson than the roses; 

,^^* ,y ^-wrts. h<* iijis coral; she had a gown on that 



Englmd bttor* the eightoenlli 




HKXITE GKNBBOK. 241 

ittOBt hmve weighed moce than a thousand pounds. It was 
i& gold and diamonds. How heautifull how amiable she 
kt" Fmette said in a low yoioe, ^ So was I ; so was I.** 
*What dost thou mutter there)" said her sisters. She re- 
wted in a still lower tone^ '*So was I; so was L". . This 
lUe giune was played for some time. Theie was scarcely a 
^iaA ilnettedid not appear in a new dress; for the ca^t 
t!as a fiiiry one, and the more jou took out of it the more 
theie came in, and everything so hi(^y fiishionable, that 
fl the ladies dressed themselves in imitation of Finette. 

One evemng that Finette had danced mate than usual, tboid 
had delayed her departure to a later hour, being anxious to 
make up ior lost time and get home a little before her sisters, 
ihe walked so &st that she lost one of her slippers^ which was 
cf red velvety embroidered with pearls. She tried to find it 
in the road, but the night was so dark, her search was in 
vain, and she entered the house one foot shod and the other 
not The next day, Prince Ch^i, the King's eldest son, going 
oat honti]^ found Finette*s slipper. He had it picked up, 
examined it, admired its diminutive size and elegance, turned 
it over and over, kissed it^ took care of it and carried it home 
with him. From that day he would eat nothing, he became thin, 
and altered viably; was yellow as a quince, melancholy, de- 
pnassed. The King and Queen, who loved him to distraction, 
sent in every direction for the choicest game and the best 
sweetmeats. They were less than nothing to him. He looked 
at it all without uttering a word in reply to his mother when 
she spoke to him. They sent everywhere for the first pby- 
sidans, even as far as Paris, and Montpellier.^ When they 
arrived they saw the Prince, and after watching him for three 
days and three nights without once losing sight of him, they 
came to the conclusion that he was in love, and that he would 
die if they did not find the only remedy for him. The Queen 
who doted on her son, was nearly dissolved in tears, so great 
was her grief at not being able to discover the object of his 
love, that he might marry her. She brought into his apart- 
ment the most beautiful ladies she could find. He would not 

(1) The School of Medicine of Montpellier is one of the mot eminent in Europe, 
and owes its establishment to the Moorish physicians driven nut of Spain by the 
Christiana, a.d. 1186, and received here by the lords of Montpellier. From its first 
establiahment, it has been much resorted to ; and many of the uiost celbxXi 
French phyaiciaas and Burgeons received their education there. 



1 



:2I0 



Till,.:: 
T til ^ 

10 tli ^. 



L*i 



, r 



t  



..I 1 .. 






lt '  * 



:{." K.-.J  



 *-. * 






I "i 



  * 






nNnn ckrbbok. 248 

Wben she opened the door to go out, she was 

to lee the pretty Spaniah hone which had 

her to her godmother^a. She patted him^ and said, 

are moat wdcome, mj little hohhy. I am much 

to my godmother, Merluche.** He knelt down, and 

~ npon him like a nymph : he was aU oovered with 

befla aiMl ribands. His housings and bridle were prioe- 

[:waad Fmette was thirty tunes more beautiM than &ir 

ofTroy. 

Spanish horse galloped off gaily, his bells went *' ting; 
ting." Fleur d'Amour and BeUe-de-Nuit^ hearing the 
of them^ turned round and saw her ooming; but what 
Hwir astonishment at that moment! They Imew her to 
Unette and Cendron. They were very mudi splashed, 
fine dresses draggled with mud. '' Sister !" cried Fleur 
' to Belle-de-Nuit, ** I protest here is Finette Cendron." 
other eohoed the ciy ; and Finette passing dose to them, 
hone i^kshed them all over, making ti^em a mass of 
Ilnette laughed at them, and said, ''Tour High- 
Gendron^ despises you as you deserve ;" then passing 
Hke a shot, she disappeared. Belle-de-Nuit and Fleur 
riaoar looked at each other. ''Are we dreaming)** said 
^; ^who could have supplied Finette with clothes and a 
it what mirade is this) Good fortune attends her; she 
wiD'piit on the slipper, and we shall have made a long journey 
kfihiu* 

Whibt they were distressing themselves, Finette arrived at 
ftapa]ae& The moment she appeared eveiybody thought 
dhs was a Queen. The guards presented arms, ihe drums 
imkg and the trumpets sounded a flourish ; all the gates were 
tong open, and those who had seen her at the ball preceded 
her, crying, ** Room ! room ! for the beautiful Cendron, the 
wonder of the world!" She entered in this state the apart- 
ment of the dying Prince. He cast his eyes on her, and 
flosaptured at her sight, wished fervently that her foot might 
be small enough for her to wear the dipper. She put it on 
instantly, and produced its fellow which she had brought with 
her on purpose. Shouts immediately arose of " Long live the 

0) CendriUon in the French ; but whether a mistake, or used as a diminutirc 
** "Bttle Cendron," it is curious when we consider the simiVvtude \^i?eii Vta% \xV 
tie CeadrilloB ofPersault. 

r2 



244 FINETTE CENDKON. 

Princess Ch^rie, long live the Princess who will he our 
Queen!*' The Prince arose from his conch, and advanced to 
kiss her hand ; she found he was handsome and very intdfi- 
gent. He paid her a thousand delicate attentions. The 
King and Queen were informed of the event They came in 
all haste, and the Queen took Finette in her arms, called her 
her daughter, her darling, her little Queen ! and made her 
some magnificent presents, to which the liberal Eang added 
many more. They fired the guns; violins, bagpipes, every 
sort of musical instrument was set playing; notiiing m^ 
talked of but dancing and rejoicing. The King, the Queen, 
and the Prince, begged Cendron to consent to the marriage 
taking place immediately. " No," said she, " I must first tdl 
you my history,** which she did in a few words. When they 
found that she was a Princess bom, there was another burrt 
of joy, which was almost the death of them ; but whi she 
told them the names of the King and Queen, her father and 
mother, they recognised them as the sov^eigns whose 
dominions they had conquered. They imparted this fact to 
Finette, and she immediately vowed she would not consent to 
marry the Prince until they had restored the estates of her 
father. They promised to do so, for they had upwards of a 
hundred kingdoms, and one more or less was not worth 
talking about. 

In >die meanwhile Belle-de-Nuit and Fleur d' Amour arrived 
at the palace. The first news that greeted them was that 
Cendron had put on the slipper. They knew not what to do 
or to say ; they determined to go back again without seeing 
her; but when she heard they were there, she insisted they 
should come in, and instead of frowning on them and punish- 
ing them as they deserved, she rose and advanced to meet 
than, embraced them tenderly, and then presented them to 
tiie Queen, saying to her, '' Madam, these are my sisters ; 
very amiable, and I request you will love them." 
o fionfiued at the kindness of Finette, that they 
* word. She promised them they should 
ivdom, which the Prince would restore 
"* words they threw themselves on 
ng for joy. 

Nrt splendid that ever were seen. 
i^aiBf ttad. ^\A >iJaa V*XfcT^ ACom- 



Fcrsns cxKiiBo:c. 



245 



iid %Hk lalubk pneeata, on t]ii imA of the prettr 
niath bon^ b^giag ber to aecA tlw King aiul Qneoi, to teSt 
jft dteir good fcKtoiie^UKl tk&t tb^faad sothn^todo but 
kn to tbeir ktagdotn. Hie Faiij Ueriocbe aoqnitted 
fX fvj gneionfd; at this comtni^fwi. Tbe fidber ttod 
Ifccr of Flnette vere repoaeessed of tlicar esute& and her 
n beeune kfterwirds qneene aft well as heneU 




L 



FOETUN^E. 



There was once upon a time a poor husbandman, who, 
feeling himself at the point of death, did not wish to leave 
behind him any subjects of dispute between his son and 
daughter, whom he tenderly loved. So he said to thenii 
" Your mother brought me as a wedding portion two joint- 
stools and a straw mattrass. There they are with my hen ; also 
a pot of pinks, and a plain silver ring, which were given me 
by a great lady who once lived in my poor hut. She said to 
me at parting, ' My good man, there is a present I make you; 
be careful to well water the pinks and to lock up safely the 
ring. In addition to this, your daughter shall be incom- 
parably beautiful. Name her Fortun^e, and give her this 
ring and these pinks to console her for her poverty.' Thus, 
continued the good man, my dear Fortun^e, you shall have 
both the one and the other; the rest shall be for your 
brother." The two children of the husbandman appeared 
contented ; he died ; they wept, and the division of propeiiy 
was made without an appeal to the law. 

Fortun6e thought that her brother loved her, but one day 
that she had taken one of the stools for a seat, he said with 
great fierceness, " Keep your pinks and your ring, but do not 
disarrange my stools ; I like order in my house." Fortunle, 
who was very gentle, began to weep silently, and remained 
standing whilst Bedou (that was her brother's name) was 
leated in state like a judge. Supper time arrived. Bedou 
bad an excellent new-laid egg from his only hen, and he threw 
-**. bis nster. " There," he said, '^ I have nothing 
i; if that doea not >3it ^o\i^ ^o and himt for 



\ 



lOETUNJE. 247 

ikoffi : there are plenty in the neighbouring marsh." Fortune 
)iiade no answer; she only raised her eyes to heaven, wept 
gedn, and then went to her own room. She found it filled 
%ith perfume, and never doubting that it was the scent of the 
pinks, she approached them sadly and said, '< Beautiful pinks, 
whose variety is so charming to my sight, you who console 
toy afflicted heart by the sweet perfume you exhale, do not 
ftar that I shall let you want for water, or with cruel hand, 
that I shall tear you from your stem. I shall cherish you, 
fer you are my only treasures." As she ceased speaking, she 
looked to see if the plants then required watering  ^they were 
very dry. She took her pitcher, and hastened by the light of 
the moon to the foimtain, which was at some distance. As 
die had walked fast, she sat down by the side of the fountain 
to rest; but she had scarcely been &ere a moment when she 
nw a lady approaching, whose majestic air was in perfect 
ooordanoe with the numerous attendants who accompanied 
her; six maids of honour carried her train, she leant on two 
ethers; her guards walked before her, richly dressed in 
tmaranth velvet, embroidered with pearls. They carried an 
arm-ohair, covered with cloth of gold, in which she seated 
herseli^ and a field-canopy which was quickly arranged; at the 
une time, they set out the buffet. It was covered with 
vessels of gold and vases of crystal They served an excel- 
lent supper by the side of the fountain, the sweet murmurs 
of which seemed to accompany a number of voices that sang 
these words :  

Softest zephyrs fan our groves, 
Flora garlands every, glade ; 
Happy birds declare their loves 
Deep within the leafy shade ; 
Listen to their warblings sweet. 
And if thy heart with love would beat, 
Choose amongst the countless swains 
Who would glory in thy chains. 

Fortun^e remained in a corner, not daring to move, so 
much was she surprised at all that was passing. In a few 
moments, this great Queen said to one of her Equerries, " I 
fency I see a shepherdess near that thicket ; let her approach.'' 
Fortunle immediately advanced, and though she was naturally 
timid, she did not omit to make a profound curtsey to the 
Queen with so much grace, that those who saw Kei ^et^ ^t- 



348 PORTUNfiE, 

fectly astoniRhed. She took the hem of the Queen^s rohe and 
kissed it, and then stood erect before her, her eyes modestly 
cast down, and her cheeks coloured with Grimson, which 
heightened the brilliant whiteness of her complexion. It was 
easy to remark in her manners that simplicity and sweetnesB 
which is so charming in young maidens. 

" What are you doing here, pretty girl," said the Queen; "aw 
you not afraid of robbers?" "Alas! Madam,'* replied For- 
tun6e, ." I have but a linen gown ; what would they take from 
a poor shepherdess like me." "You are not rich, then!" 
said the Queen, smiling. " I am so poor," answered Fortun6e, 
"that I only inherited from my father a pot of pinks and a 
silver ring.'.' 

" But you have a heart," said the Queen. " If any one 
wished to have that, would you give it them 1 " '* I do not 
know what it is to give my heart. Madam," she replied; "I 
have always understood that without a heart we could not 
live, that if it is wounded we must die, and notwithstanding 
my poverty I am not sorry to live." " You are quite right to 
defend your heart, my child ; but tell me," continued the 
Queen, " have you had a good supper 1" " No, Madam," said 
Fortun^e, " My brother ate it all." The Queen commanded 
a cover to be laid for her, and, desiring her to be seated, 
helped her to the very best. The young shepherdess was so 
lost in admiration, and so charmed with the goodness of the 
Queen, that she could scarcely eat a morsel. 

" I am very anxious to know," said the Queen, " what has 
brought you so late to the fountain." " Madam, there is my 
pitcher, I came to fetch water to water my pinks." Saying 
this, she stooped to pick up the pitcher which was near her, 
but as she showed it to the Queen, what was her astonishment 
to find it was a golden one, covered with large diamonds, and 
filled with water which had a delicious perfume. She dared 
not take it, thinking it could not be hers. " I give it you, 
Fortun^e," said the Queen ; "go and water the flowers you take 
such care of, and remember that the Queen of the Woods 
would be numbered amongst your friends." At these words, 
the shepherdess threw herself at the Queen's feet. " After 
having offered you my most humble thanks, Madam," she 
said, "for the honour you have done me, I venture to 
Uberty to ask you to remain here a moment. I n8h 



roETUN^ 249 

to fetch you the half of my goods my pot of pinks which 
oui never be in better hands than yours." 

" Go then, Fortun^e," said the Queen, gently patting her 
obeek, " I consent to remain here till your return." Fortun^e 
took her golden pitcher and ran to her little room, but during 
her absence Bedou had entered, taken away her pot of pinks, 
and put in their place a large cabbage. 

"WThen Fortun^ saw this wretched cabbage, she was plunged 
in despair, and hesitated about returning to the fountain at all. 

At length she determined she would do so, and throwing 
herself on her knees before the Queen, said, " Madam, Bedou 
has stolen my flowers ; I have nothing now remaining but my 
ring; I hope you will accept that in proof of my gratitude." 
"If I take your ring, fair Shepherdess," said the Queen, "you 
are coimpletely ruined.*' 

**Ah ! Madam," she answered with an air of great intelligence; 
"while I possess your good opinion, I can never be ruined." 
The Queen took the ring, placed it on her finger, and then 
mounted a car of coral, enriched with emeralds, and drawn by 
six white horses more beautiful than the steeds of the sun. 

Fortun^e gazed after her as long as she could. At last 
a turn of the road in the forest hid her from her sight, and 
she then returned to Bedou's cottage fuU of this adventure. 

The first thing she did, on entering her chamber, was 
to throw the cabbage out of window, but she was much 
astonished to hear a voice cry, "Ah! I am killed." She 
could not tell what to make of this exclamation, as in general 
cabbages do not speak. As soon as it was light, Fortun^e, 
uneasy about her pot of pinks, went down into the garden to 
search for them, and the first thing she found was the unhappy 
cabbage; she gave it a kick, saying, "What dost thou here, 
thou that didst presume to take in my chamber the place of 
my pinks'?" " Tf I had not been carried, it would never have 
entered my head to go there," replied the cabbage. Fortun^e 
trembled, for she was very much frightened ; but the cabbage 
said again to her, " If you will carry me to my companions, 
I can tell jou in two words that your pinks are in Bedou's 
straw mattrass." Fortunee, in despair, knew not how to re- 
cover them. She kindly planted the cabbage, and then taking 
up her brother's favourite hen, she said to it, " Naughty 
thing, I will now make jou pay for all tVie xms^^r^ ^\i\^ 



250 FORTUNfiE. 

Bedou has caused me.'' <'Ah! Shepherdess/' said the hen, 
" Let me live ; and, as my fancy is to cackle, I will tell you 
some wonderful things. 

** Do not imagine yourself the daughter of the husbandman 
who brought you up ; no, beautiful Fortim^, he is not your 
&ther; but the Queen who gave you birth had already six 
girls, and, as if it was in her own power to have a boy, her 
husband and father-in-law threatened to stab her if she did 
not bring them a son and heir. The poor Queen was again 
about to become a mother, they shut her up in a castle, and 
placed round her guards, or more properly speaking, execu- 
tioners, who had orders to kill her if she gave birth to 
another daughter. 

" The Queen, trembling at the fate which awaited her, could 
neither eat nor sleep. She had a sister a &iry. To her she 
wrote, informing her of her just cause of alarm. The Fairy, 
who was also near her confinement, knew that she would have 
a son, and as soon as the boy was bom, she loaded the zephyrs 
with a cradle, in which she put her own son, and ordered 
them to carry the little prince into the Queen's chamber, and 
change him for the daughter which would be bom to her; but 
this forethought was of no avail, for the Queen, receiving no 
answer from her fairy sister, profited by the good-will of one 
of her guards, who, out of pity, allowed her to escape by a 
ladder of ropes. 

" As soon as you were in the world, the afflicted Queen, 
trying to hide herself, came to this cottage nearly dead with 
grief and fatigue. I was the husbandman's wife, and a good 
nurse. She gave you in charge to me, and told me her mis- 
fortunes, by which she was so overwhelmed, that she died 
without having time to give us any directions respecting 
what was to be done with you. As I loved gossiping all my 
life, I could not help telling everybody this adventure; and so 
one day I told all I knew about it to a beautiful lady who 
came here. She instantly touched me with a wand, and I 
became a hen, without power to speak any more. My 
grief was excessive, and my husband, who was absent at the 
time of the metamorphose, knew nothing of it. On his 
return, he looked everywhere for me ; finally he thought I 
was drowned, or that the beasts of the forest had devoured 
me. This same lady who had done me so much mischief 



JOKTUN]fiE. 251 

passed by here a aecond time ; she then ordered him to call 
you Fortun^e, and made him a present of a pot of pinks and 
a silver ring; but whilst she was here there arrived five-and- 
twenty soldiers of the King, your Either, who sought you for 
evil purposes; she uttered some words, and changed them all 
into green cabbages. It is one of them you threw out of the 
window yesterday eTening. I never heard him speak till now, 
nor could I speak myself: I know not how our voices came 
back to us." The Princess was greatly surprised at the 
wonders which the hen related to her. She was full of kind 
feeling towards her, and said, " I pity you very much, my 
poor nurse, to think you should become a hen ! I would 
gladly restore you to your own form if I could, but do not 
despair. It appears to me that all the affairs you have just 
acquainted me with cannot be allowed to remain as they are 
at present. I shall go now and look for my pinks, for I love 
them dearly." 

Bedou was gone into the forest, never imagining that 
Fortune would think of hunting in his mattrass; she was 
delighted at his absence, and flattered hei'self that she would 
meet with no obstacle, when she suddenly saw an immense 
number of enormous rats armed for battle. They formed 
themselves in battalions, having in their rear the famous 
mattrass and one of the stools on either flank; many great 
mice formed a corps de reserve, determined to fight like 
Amazons. Fortunle, struck with surprise, dared not approach. 
The rats threw themselves on her, and bit her till she was all 
over blood. "What!" she exclaimed, "my pinks, my dear 
pinks, must you remain in such bad company!" It suddenly 
occurred to her that perhaps the perfumed water which was 
in the golden vase might possess a peculiar virtue. She ran 
to fetch it, and threw some drops of it on the host of rats 
and mice. Immediately the rascals ran away, each into his 
hole, and the Princess quickly laid hands on her beautiful 
pinks, which were nearly dead for want of water. She at 
once poured on them all the water she had in her golden 
vase, and was smelling them with much pleasure, when she 
heard a sweet voice come from amongst the stalks, which said 
to her, "Incomparable Fortun6e, this is the happy day so 
long wished for, in which I may declare to yoMmy ^exiXivmeviX.^. 
Know ibat the power of your beauty is so gceat \\i'aX. *\X <ia. 



252 FORTUNfiB. 

even inspire flowers with love." The Princess, trembling and 
surprised at having heard a cabbage, a hen, and a pink tspeek, 
and seen an army of rats, turned pale and ikinted. 

Bedou came in at the moment: labour and the heat of the 
sun had put him in such a fever, that when he found Fortune 
had come to search for her pinks, and had found them, 
he dragged her to the door and flung her outside. She had 
scarcely felt the coldness of the earth, before she opened her 
beautiful eyes and perceived near her the Queen of the 
Weeds charming and magnificent as usual. '^ Tou have a bad 
brother," she said to Fortun6e. " I saw with what inhumanity 
he threw you out here ; would you like me to revenge yout" 
" No, Madam," answered Fortun^e ; " I have no feelings of 
anger, and his bad disposition cannot change mine." " But>** 
rejoined the Queen, " I have a presentiment which assures me 
that this rough peasant is not your brother; what do you 
think?" "All appearances persuade me that he is, Madam,** 
replied the Shepherdess modestly, "and I ought to believe 
them." "What!" continued the Queen, "have you not hesrd 
that you were bom a princess?" " I have just been told it," 
she replied ; " but how can I venture to boast of that of 
which I have no proof?** 

" Ah ! my dear child,*' replied the Queen, " how I like to 
see you in this mood ; I know now that the mean education 
you have received has not extinguished the nobility of your 
blood. Yes, you are a princess, and it has not been in my 
power to save you from the misfortunes which you have 
suffered up to this hour.'* She was here interrupted by the 
appearance of a youth more beautiful than the day. He was 
attired in a long robe of gold and green silk, festened by 
large buttons of emeralds, rubies, and diamonds. He had a 
crown of pinks, and his hair covered his shoulders. As soon 
as he saw the Queen, he bent one knee to the ground and 
saluted her respectfully. " Ha ! my son, my amiable Pink,'* 
she said, " the ftital time of your enchantment is over, thanks 
to the aid of the beautiful Fortun6e; what joy to see 
you!" She pressed him closely to her bosom, and then 
turning to the Shepherdess, ** Charming Princess," she said, 
^ know all that the Hen told you ; but what you do not 

^nr 1^ that the zephyrs whom I had ordered to put my son 
it fkm laid him in a bed of flowers whilst they went 




KOtTOMtiB. 2S8 

find 7<mr mother, who was my sister. A ialrj, from whose 
rledge it was impossible to conceal anythingy and with 
I had quarrelled for some time, watched so well for 
moment that she had foreseen from the birth of my son, 
she changed him on the spot to a pink, and notwith- 
my science, I could not prevent the misfortune. In 
' in which I was pluxiged, I employed all my art to 
some remedy, and I could find none better than to 
Prince Pink to the place where you were nursed, 
ng that when you had watered the flowers with the 
^jdioious water I had in the golden vase^ he would speak, 
he would love you, and in future nothing would disturb jour 
happiness. I had also the Bilver ring which it was necessary 
I should receive from you, being aware that that would be 
die sign by which I should know that the hour approached 
when the spell would lose its force, in spite of the rats and 
nioe whom our enemy would place in battle array to prevent 
your recovering the Pinks. Thus, my dear Fortunle, if my 
son marries you with this silver ring, your happiness will be 
permanent. See if this Prince appears sufficiently amiable 
for you to receive him as a husband." " Madam," replied she 
bhififtiing, '' you overpower me with &vours. I know you are 
my aunt; that, by your power, the guards sent to kill me 
were metamorphosed into cabbages, and my nurse into a hen ; 
and that in proposing to me an alliance with Prince Pink, it 
is the greatest honour you can do me, but shall I tell you 
the cause of my hesitation f I do not know his heart, and 
I begin to feel for the first time in my life that I could not 
be happy if he did not love me.'* 

'^ Banish all uncertainty on that point, sweet Princess," 
said the Prince. " Long ago you made as much impression 
on me as you could wish at the present moment, and if 
the use of my voice had been granted me, what would you 
not have heard of the passion which consumed me; but 
I am an unhappy Prince, for whom you can feel only indifier- 
ence." He then recited these verses :  

"While but a simple flower to sight, 
You lavish'd on me every care ; 
With pleasure mark'd my blossoms hright, 
With joy inhaled my fragrance rare. 
For you I breathed my sweetest sigh, 
For you my gayest tints display'd, 



'en 



d. 

Be 

h 



dn 



Inothf 
iMthr 



-that ti 
-tliiiik? 

-ishat J. 
she re 



 .* 



J' 
you 1 

lloo<i 




)W( 

8Ufie> 
appe 

<5row 

(ii 
le 












9. j^n.TfflR. 



"  -liC^ 






"of 1 







remain 

. ^QCxbeQue 

1b manne 



lOKTUNtE. 255 

and improved his appearance. Bedou then found himself 
possessed of gratitude. What did he not say to the Queen 
and Princess, to prove it on this occasion. Finally, by a 
stroke of the Queen^s wand, the cabbages became men, the hen 
a woman. Prince Pink remained the only person discontented. 
He was sighing beside the Princess ; he conjured her to take 
a resolution in his &vour. At length she consented ; she had 
never before seen any loveable object, and all that was most 
loveable was less so than this Prince. The Queen of the 
Woods, delighted at so fortunate a marriage, neglected 
nothing to make it sumptuous. The f6tes on this occasion 
lasted many years, and the happiness of this tender couple as 
long as they lived 

One might have guess'd, without a fairy's aid, 
That Fortii6e was bom a throne to grace : 
The brilliant virtues which adom'd the maid 
Prored ahe had sprung Arom an illustrious race ; 
For in her veins ran the high blood of worth, ^ 
Virtue alone is true nobility. 
O thou with nought to boast of but thy birth, 
Learn from my page this lesson with humility. 
Vainly thou vatmtest that ancestral fame 
Which makes thee bearer of a glorious name ; 
Vainly thou dreamegt the purple robe of pride 
Thy crimes can Justify, thy follies hide. 
The wise and good, whatever their estate, 
Alone have claims to be accounted great. 
Pomp, wealth, and power, without a noble mind, 
No place in honour's spotless roll will find. 



(1) I prMume the "beau sang" to which the countess alludes, as the cause of 
ttie "toilliant virtues ** of Fortun6e, was entirely on the mother's side. The virtue 
of the poor queen is unquestioned, but that of her royal husband, who threatened 
to nrarder ber if she did not bring him an heir to his crown, is scarcely of that class 
wliioh wo slumld call brilliant, even in an " antique Roman." The moral is an ad- 
mbablo one. Iti only bult appears to me to be, that it has nothing to do with 
theitorjr. 



nBTcinti, 






1t->uw. 


i(>dgh 


HTPUrioBtc 


.eip>e.eeu>y' 




CotuuiDiiv ' 






In lUenH Hoc 


m'dKlongloi 


lugateli: 


Vlth gentle b 




Jmyfrunfc 


Withgratl.li 




,gnl.h. 




lu loTely Upi would Uii 


Hjr luvM, 111 


mmbUne -llli 


emitioB. 




lIii 


To jioTi my gntefti] bun't i 


leTstlon 








Some migls poirn, my file deploring, 


WoaW bnik  




My ihtpe, my 


peech egnln re 


loring. 


My pmyet wu heud ; once mo I Bbd 


The torn,, Ih. 


loice, for whlcl 


b I prated; 


But MSK ut e 


hinged l-noloi 




Ye god. 1 my 


pnyeriihyhi. 


 ye gnmirft 



Tha FrinoesB seemed well pletiaed witli the Prince 
lantzy. She highly praised the impromptu, and thou 
vas not aocuBtomed to hear verees, she epoke on the subjt 
a person of good taste. The Queen, who had home her 
hOTdesa'B dress with great impatience, touched her, and 
for her the richest clothes that were ever seen. In a mi 
her white linen changed to silver brocade, embroidered wi 
buncles ; from her high head-drass fell a long veil of 
mixed with gold; her black hair was ornamented i 
thousand diamonds; and her complexion, whose wh 
was dazzling, assumed so rich a colour, that the Prince 
scarcely support its brilliancy. "Ah! Fortunfe, how be; 
and charming you are!" eiclaimed he, sighing; "will ; 
inexorable to my pain?" " No, my son," said the (, 
"your cousin will not resist our prayers." 

While they were thus talking, Bedou, returning to his 
passed them, and seeing Fortun6e attired like a godd 
thought he was dreaming. She called him to her with 
kinduesa, and begged the Queen to have pity on 
"What, after having so ill-treated youl" said she. 
Madam," replied the Princess, " I am incapable of venge 
""he Q\iccu embi-aced her, aud praised the generosity  
htimouts. " To gratify you," she rejoined, " I am go 
h theungratefulBedou." His hut bec^raa a palace, wi 
if.aionej; his stools and Ills mattress ren 
B^Di of his former st.ile; but the ' 
,,hia epirtt, amended his ma 




265 

improved Ids appoBxooe. Bedoii tiban Icrasd fmmt^f 
sased cf gynL'itudp ., IThit did be not s^ to tJae Qoeeo 
PriDecB, to piD've it cm tfak ooeaooiL Fisallr, br s 
Leof 1iieQnBan*B'iaBid,iiie cabba^baeiBe9eaD,tiHeLeo 
num. Pxixi0eKi]k2GnB2iied1i]e<x]}Tpenoodko(i0^^ 
i KJgfaTT^ bende iiK Tnaoem; he caDJivai har to talK 
KBistian in ide iKvmic. j^leoi^ ^le <DsegDtMl; iiiebiid 
r bsEoFe sen bst lovcaekde <ii3^M3t, sod dl Hast vus scKUst 
tii^b -was 'km wu -fimu -fiik FnxioB. Hie QoMn <iC tbe 
d&, dfiTighiBd fll K> fortnute a xoarn^^ iM^^iMitod 
iitg ID in^st it HoapcmnK, Tbe festes od tiiis uwMMi 
d smzix jBBss. and lis lagifnnsK tif iiikleotderodujjk  
E t^ifxlrvcd. 








ID koait f kst tor ^irtt. 
thii. 

lever ttter 
vo mr tmomxBxac 

J{.- paer XL vmautr : 8|n^ xul. iJ Iimc 







BABIOLE. 



Once upon a time there was a Queen who had nothing on 
earth to wish for to complete her happii^ess, except children. 
She talked of nothing else, and continually said that the 
Fairy Fanferluche having attended at her birth, and not 
being contented with the Queen, her mother, had put herself 
into a passion, and condemned her in consequence to nothiDg 
but misfortune. 

One day, when she was sitting sadly and alone by the fire- 
side, she saw come down the chimney a little old woman, 
about the height of your hand, riding on three bits of rushes. 
She wore on her head a sprig of hawthorn; her dress was 
composed of flies' wings; two nut-shells served her for boots; 
she sailed in the air, and after taking three turns in the 
room, she stopped before the Queen. "For a long time," 
said the old woman, " you have been complaining of me, 
accusing me of all your misfortunes, and making me respon- 
sible for all that happens to you. You think, Madam, thaX I 
am the cause of your having no children. I come now to 
announce to you that you will have an Infanta,^ but [ fear 
she will cost you many tears." " Ah ! noble Fanferluche." 
said the Queen, " do not refuse me your pity and your aid. 
I "will render you all the services in my power, provided the 
*M Ton TOomise me shall be my comfort and not my 
" uegtiny is more powerfd than I," replied the 
Tin do, to show my affection for you, is to 
hawthorn; &stea it to your child's head 

U to eslled. in Syain. 



BIBIOLE. 257 

he moment ehe is bom ; it will preserve her from many perils." 
She gave her the Bprig, and Taniehed hke lightning. 

The Queen remained sad and thoughtful " Why ahould I 
lish," Bhe said, " for a daughter who will cost me many tears 
md sighs 1 should I not be happier ^thout any children f " 
[lie presence of the Eing, whom she loved dearly, a little 
lissipated her grief, and when she found that she should 
oon become a mother, all her care was to desire her 
riends, the moment the Princess should be horn, to lay 
n her head the hawthorn flower, which she kept in a box 
/gold covered with diamonds, as the most valuable thing she 

At length the Queen gave birth to the moat beautiful 
feature that had ever been seen ; they instantly attached to 
ST head the sprig of hawthorn, when, at the same moment, 
l! wondrous! she became a little monkey, jumping, running, 
id skipping about the room Just as a monkey would. At 
LIB metamorphose all the ladies uttered the moat horrible 
ies, and the Queen, who was more frightened than any one, 
lought she should have died of despair. She called to them 

remove the sprig of hawthora that they had placed behind 
e ear ; but after the greatest trouble in catching the little 
>e^ they found it useless to remove the fatal flowers ; she was 
monkey still, a confirmed monkey, refusing to iie nursed 
CQ a ohild, and would eat nothing but nuts and chestnuts. 
Barbaroua Fanferluche," said the Queen, sadly, "what 
ire I done to thee that thou ahouldst use me thusl What 
ill become of me ! wbat a disgrace to me ! all my subjects 
HI think I have given birth to a monster. What wiU be 
n Eing''s horror at sndi a ohild 1" She wept, and prayed 
le ladies to advise hir bow to act in such an emergency. 
Madam," said the oldest of her attendants, "yon must 
ersuade the King that the Frinoeas is dead, and theu shut 
tf tluH ape in a box, and Bink it to the bottom of the sea ; for 
^iraitld he horrible to pnaerre any longer a little brute of 
noh a kiud," The Quaen fimnd it diffioult to agree to this' 
l^eoK] m* ag they told her the King was coming to her 
1 was n oonfliaed and agitated, that without 
- ' !) she told her maid of honour to do what 

to, flbot it up in th \>oi, uv" 



258 BABIOLE. 

desired one of the valets-de-chambre to throw it into tbe 
sea. He instantly departed on his errand. 

Behold the Princess exposed to extreme danger ! The man, 
however, thinking the box beautiful, was sorry to depriiB 
himself of it ; so he seated himself on the sea-shore, and took 
out the ape, determining to kill it, (for he did not know it was 
his sovereign,) but whilst he had hold of it, a great noise 
which startled him obliged him to turn his head, when he saw 
an open chariot drawn by six unicorns, resplendent with gold 
and precious stones. It was preceded by a military l^nd. 
A Queen crowned, and in a royal mantle, was seated in the 
chariot on cushions of cloth of gold, and she held in her 
arms her son, a child of four years old. 

The valet recognised this Queen as the sister of his mistressL 
She had come to see and rejoice with her, but when she found 
the little Princess was dead, she departed sadly to return to 
her kingdom. She was lost in thought, when her son cried, 
" I want that monkey I I will have it." The Queen, looking 
up, beheld the prettiest monkey that ever was seen. Tbe 
valet endeavoured to escape, but he was prevented. The 
Queen ordered a large sum to be given him for the monkey; 
and finding it gentle and playful, she named it Babiole ; thus, 
notwithstanding her hard fate, the Prinoess fell into the hands 
of her own aunt. 

When the Queen arrived in her own dominions, the little 
Prince begged her to give him Babiole for a playmate. He 
desired she should be dressed like a Princess ; so every day they 
made her new dresses, and they taught her to walk only on her 
feet. It was impossible to find a prettier or more agreeable 
little monkey; her little face was as black as a jackdaw's, 
with a white ruff round her neck, and tufts of flesh colour at 
her ears. Her little paws were not bigger than butterflies' 
wings, and her sparkling eyes indicated so much intelligence, 
that there was no need for astonishment at anything she did. 

The Prince, who loved her very much, petted her im- 
oeasingly ; she would never bite him, and when he wept, she 
wept too. She had been already four years with the Queen, 
when, one day, she began to stammer like a child trying to 
talk. Every body wondered at her, and they were still more 
astonished when she began to speak in a voice so clear and 
difiin^ that every word was iiitei\l\^bl&. M&rvellous! Babiole 



BABIOLE. 259 

peaking! Babiole a reasoning creature! The Queen would 
lave her again, to amuse her ; they therefore carried her to 
icr Majesty's apartments, greatly to the grief of the Prince, 
le began to weep ; and, to console him, they gave him cats 
nd dogs, birds and squirrels, and even a pony, called Cri- 
uetin, which danced a saraband;^ but all this was to him 
ot worth one word from Babiole. 

On her side, she was under greater constraint with the 
jueen than with the Prince: they required her to answer 
ke a Sibyl to a hundred ingenious and learned questions to 
hich she could not always reply. When an ambassador or 
stranger arrived, they made her appear in a robe of velvet or 
rocade with bodice and collar. If the Court was in mourn- 
ig, she had to drag after her a long mantle of crape, which 
tigued her very much. They did not allow her to eat what 
le liked, the physician always ordering her dinner, which 
d not at all please her, as she was as self-willed as an ape 
>m a princess might be expected to be. The Queen gave her 
asters who tried the powers of her intellect most thoroughly, 
le excelled in playing on the harpsichord; they had made 
)r a wonderful one in ah oyster shell. Painters came from 
I quarters of the world, and especially from Italy, to take 
ir likeness. Her renown spread from pole to pole^ for no 
le had ever heard of a monkey endued with speech. 
The Prince, as beautiful as the picture of the god of love, 
acefol and witty, was not less a prodigy. He came to see 
ibiole, and sometimes amused himself with talking to her; 
eir conversation often changed from gay to grave, for Babiole 
d a heart, and that heart was not metamorphosed like the 
3t of her little body. She became, therefore, deeply 
tached to the Prince, and he in return became only too fond 
her. 

The unfortunate Babiole did not know what to do; she 
ssed her nights on the top of a window shutter, or on a 
mer of the chimney-piece, without a wish to enter the 
sket prepared for her, which was soft, and well lined with 
idding and feathers. Her governess (for she had one) often 
ard her sighing, and sometimes complaining; her melan- 
oly became deeper as her reason increased, and she never 
w herself in a looking-glass without trying, out of vexation, 

(I) A dance originally Moorish. 

s2 



to break it, m> Ost faifiB bm m I miIIj nid. " A monkey irift ' 
ivlwitys be a taa^tafi Bahaab OBkot rid Iierself of the uti^ 
chief n&tunl to ho- tftiBm.' 

Tfie Princo ^wiae ^ fc wnw fond of haating, dancing, 
plays, anni, and bodq, and no Imger even mentioned tha 
poor little apa TUagi s tcij different on her side of the 
iguestion; she Iwred faaa better at twelre years old than she 
hud nt fitx, and otnetima lefTCCtched him with his neglect, 
while ho thought that be made up for everything when he 
^nvF her a choice appb or soma sugared chestnuts. 

At Innt Babiole's rvpnution rt^ched even the kingdom of 
U)o monkoys, and King Magot conceived s. great wish to 
Bwrry hor. With this intention he sent a notable emhaaay 
lu ohtitin her from the Queen ; his prime minister had no 
^UHciiIfy iu iiitderstandiDg his wishes, bat would have been 
at mat troubio in espressing them, had it not been for the 
MWiUtee of the parrots and plea, vulgarly called ' fnng a," 
wlftV chattend not a little, while the jackdaws, who followed 
te t^ niitv, would not saSer themselves to bo outdone in 

\ htt^ monkey, named Mirlifiche was chief of the embasay; 
''< ^<>t  OATTtti^ mnde for him of cardboard, and oa it were 
Mntvvt th> loves of King Magot and the ape Mottette, well 
\ -.vin m the empire of the Monkeys; she, poor thing, had met 

  '->,-:iv' cud from the claws of a wild cat, who was by no means 
t.N-i;.5,'movl to her tricks. There was painted the happiness 

^l ^O't and Monette during their marriage, and tho natural 
.\'i' 'iv' had displayed at her death. Sii white rabbits, from 
t ,>i;!:l warren, drew the carriage called by way of diatino- 
 ". I'l,- i.t:te (\Mich. After this came a chariot made of straw, 
>>'<''. '.t lit ilttH'ivnt colours, and containing the apes destined 

 ni,-'.l ,'t\ llnlnole; it was worth anything to see howthey 
.u. . ii>i.i.>|, in fiiot they looked as if they were going to a 
w.il.i.u,; Tin* rt'st of the cortSge was composed of little 
si'.im^'U iv\ liiHinds, Spanish cats, Muscovy rats, some 
\"-'L\, 'i.>,;b, iimtimin wt'rwcls, and dainty fbies; some drew the 
cimi.ij.L,, ,.iin:. iiiiTiod the baggage. Above all, Mirlifiche, 
Kva\ui- Hull H livuirin ilictator, and wiser than Cato himself; 
beati'iHlu u lov^ivt. tlmt ambled along more easily thm any ' 
tiiigliah yulvlitiH, 

J'" ' u huow iwtliiug oE ftas maigaiSoeut embassy until 



BABIOLE. 261 

it orriyed at her palace, but the shouts of laughter from the 
guards and people inducing her to put her head out of window, 
she beheld the most extraordinary sight she had ever seen in 
her life. Mirhfiche^ followed by a considerable number of 
monkeys, adyanced towards the chariot of the apes, and, 
giying his paw to the largest^ called Gigona, assisted her to 
descend ; then letting fly the little parrot, who was to serve 
as interpreter, he waited until this beautiful bird had presented 
itself to the Queen and demanded an audience for him. 

Perroquet, raising himself gently in the air, came to the 
window out of which the Queen was looking, and in a tone of 
yoice the prettiest in the world said, *' Madam, his excellency 
the Count De Mirlifiche, ambassador from the celebrated 
Magot^ king of the monkeys, demands an audience of your 
Majesty, to treat of a most important affair." ''Beautiful 
parrot," said the Queen, caressing him, ''first take something 
to eat and to drink, and then I will allow you to go and teU 
Count Mirlifiche I bid him most welcome to my kingdom, he 
and all who accompany him. If his journey from Magotia 
hither has not too much &,tigued him, he may shortly enter 
my audience chamber, where I shall await him on my throne, 
with all my court." At these words Perroquet kis&ed his 
claw twice, flapped his pinions, sang a little air, expressive of 
his delight, and taking wing again perched on the shoulder of 
Mirlifiche and whispered to him the feyourable reply he had 
received. Mirlifiche was not insensible of the kindness. He 
immediately requested one of the Queen's officers, through 
the magpie, Margot, who had installed herself as sub-inter- 
preter, to show him into an apartment, where he might repose 
for a few moments. They immediately opened a saloon paved 
with marble, painted and gilded, which was one of the best in 
the palace. He entered it with part of his suite, but as 
monkeys are always great ferreters by profession, they found 
a certain comer in which had been arranged a quantity of jars 
of preserves. Behold the gluttons at them. One has a 
crystal cup full of apricots, another a bottle of syrup  this 
one a patty, that one some almond cakes. The winged gentry 
who made up the cortege were much annoyed to be spectators 
of a feast in which there was neither hempseed nor millet- 
seed, and a jackdaw, who was a great chatterer, flew to the 
audience chamber, and^ respectfully approacbm^ ^i)cv^ ^m'^.^xv^ 



Mid, ** *'^*^"'. I am too devoted a servant of your 'Majesty's 
to to  wiBiag Mcomplice ia the havoc which is being mada 
tajraarvKTBice aveetmeats. Count Mirlifiche himself has 
ttnmfy mUo three boies ML He nras cinmchiug the fourth 
wi^oBt Bny raspect to your royal Majesty, when, touched to 
tb hart, I came to inform your Majesty of it." " I thant 
n^ my tittle &knd Jackdaw," said the Queen, smiling, "but 
I on <tiipmiiP irith your xeal about my sweetmeats ; I aban- 
ilantlieniiii&v(turofabiole,whomllovenithaU myheaut" 
The jacUaw, a little a^iamed at having made a great noise 
ttr BOtbiDg. I'etired without another word. The ambaesador 
sitk kia auite shortly after entered the apartment. He vat 
Wt diMMd preciHely in the height of the fitahion, for since the 
nUmu of the Vinous Fagotio,! who had cut such a figure in 
ifce vorid, they bad never seen a good model. He had a 
peaked b^ with a plume of green feathers in it, a shoulder 
bell of blue paper covered with gold spangles, large cauions,' 
isd a walking stick- Perroquet, who passed for a tolerably 
good poet, having compo^d a very grave harangue, advanced 
, the foot of the throne where the Queen waa seated, and 
addressed Babiole thus : 




BABIQUS. 268 

OUtm and nuts, hU fkyourite food of yon. 
Insipid seemare xelish'd now no more. 
He dies ; your help alone we come to crave, 
Tie you alone can snatch him tnm. the grave. 
I scorn to tempt you by the grosser bait 
Of the choice fisre within our happy state. 
Where grapes and figs are in proliuion finuid, 
And all the finest fruit the whole year round." 

rroquet had scarcedy finished his oration when the Queen 
d her eyes on Bahiole, who felt more disconcerted than 
xly had ever been before. The Queen wished to ascertain 
entiments before she replied. She told the parrot to 
his excellency the ambassador understand that she 
red the King's pretensions as &r as it depended on 
L The audience over, she retired, and Babiole followed 
ito her closet. *' My little ape^" said the Queen to her, 
knowledge that I shaQ regret thy absence, but there is no 
>f refusing Magot, who asks thy hand in mairiage, for I 
not yet forgotten that his &ther brou^t two hundred 
and monkeys into the field against me^ and they ate so 
' of my subjects that we were obliged to agree to a shame- 
eace.** ''That means, then, Madam," replied Babiole, 
biently, '' that you are resolved to sacrifice me to this 
1 monster to avoid his anger; but I supplicate your 
sty at least to grant me a few days to make up my mind 
y." " That is but just," said the Queen; " nevertheless, if 
ill take my advice, decide promptly; consider the honours 
xed for thee, the magnificence of the embassy, and what 
i of honour he sends thee. I am sure that Magot never 
)r Monette what he has done for thee." *' I do not know 
he has done for Monette," said little Babiole, indig- 
y, "but I know well that I am not greatly touched by 
sentiments with which he honours me." She rose 
itly, and with a graceful curtsey went to search for 
'rince, to tell him her troubles. As soon as he saw her, 
xlaimed, " Well, Babiole, when are we to dance at your 
ing ? " " I do not know, Sir," said she, sadly; *'but the 
rable state I am in renders me incapable of keeping my 
secrets, and however my delicacy may sufier, I must 
to you that you are the only person I could take for a 
tnd." "Mel" said the Prince, bursting into a loud 
, "for a husband] My little ape, 1 fMco. ^Y^aroi^^ "^^ 



^204 BABIOiLB. 

what you tell me, yet I hope yoa will paxdoii me jf I do ni 
accept your proposal, Ibr, in shorty our flgura^ taata^ and 
manners are not quite Baitable.** ''I agree with yoiv" ifa6 
said, <^and our hearts also are unlike; you wte an ingnie; 
for a long time I have suspected it, and I am yery fobSsh to 
feel an affection for a prince who so little deaerves it" 

" But, Babiole, think of the misery with whidh I ahould 
see you perched on the top of a sycamore^ holding on toa 
branch by your taiL Take my adTioel lan^ at this affidr. 
for your honour and mine. Marry King Magot^ and fiar old 
firiendahip*s sake, send me your &:st little mookOT.* ''Itii 
well for you, my Lord," added Babiole^ ^that I have not 
exactly the disposition of an ape ; any other tluui I would 
have already scratched out your eyes, bitten off your noae^ 
and torn off your ears, but I abandon, you to. the lefcotiona 
that you will one day make on your unworthy oondoot'* She 
could say no more, for her goyemess came to fistdx her; the 
Ambassador Mirlifiche, haying taken to her apartments some 
magnificent presenta There was a toilette^ oompoaed of a 
jspider's web embroidered with little glowwormaj an egg-shell 
held the combs^ and a white-heart cherry seryed- for a pin- 
cushion, all the linen being trimmed with lace paper. There 
were besides in a basket several shells neatly arranged; some 
to serve for earrings, others for bodkins, and all brilliant as 
-diamonds; and what was much better, there were a dozen 
boxes filled with comfits, and a little glass coffer, containing 
a nut and an olive, but the key was lost. Babiole^ however, 
cared little about it The Ambassador informed her in a 
grumbling tone, the language used in Magotia^ that his King 
.was more touched by her charms than by those of any monkey 
he had ever seen in his life; that he had had a palace built for 
her in. the top of a fir-tree ; that he had sent her these presents 
and also some excellent sweetmeais, as a mark of his attach- 
ment, so that the King, his master, could not better testify his 
affection. " But," continued he, " the strongest proof of his 
tenderness, and the one of which you ought to be the most 
sensible, is, Madam, the care he has taken to have his portrait 
painted as a foretaste of the pleasure you will have in seeing 
him." He thereupon displayed the portrait of the Eling of the 
Monkeys, seated on a great log of wood, and eating an apple. 

Babiole turned her eyes away, that they .mi^t not be 



BABIOLB. ^65 

.longer offended by such a disagreeable figure, and gmmbllDg 
three or four times she made Mirlifiche understand that she 
was obliged to his master for his esteem, but that she had 
not jet determined whether she should many or not. 

Meantime the Queen had resolved not to draw on herself the 
anger of the monkeys, and not thinking it necessary to stand 
on much ceremony in sending Babiole where she chose her to 
go, prepared everything for her departure. At this news 
despair took complete possession of poor abiole*s heart; the 
contempt of the Prince on one hand, the indifference of the 
Queen on the other, and more than all, such a husband, made 
her resolve to fly. It was not a very difficult matter ; since 
she had spoken they no longer tied her up; she went out and 
came in and entered her room as often by the window as by 
the door. She hiuried, therefore, away, jumping from tree to 
tree, from branch to branch, till she came to the banks of a 
river. The excess of her despair prevented her from compre- 
hending the peril she should incur by attempting to swim 
across, and without pausing even to look at it, she flung her- 
self in, and immediately went to the bottom ; but as she did 
not lose her senses, she perceived a magnificent grotto, orna- 
mented with shells. She entered it quickly, and was received 
by a very old man, whose long white beard descended to his 
waist : he was reclining on a couch of reeds and flags, and 
was crowned with poppies and wild lilies, and was leaning 
against a rock, out of which flowed several fountains which 
fed the river. " Ah ! what brings thee here, little Babiole 1" 
said he, holding out his hand to her. " My Lord," she replied, 
*' I am an unfortunate ape I I am flying from a horrible 
fnonkey, whom they want me to marry." " I know more of 
thy history than thou thinkest," added the wise old man; 
"it is true thou dost abhor Magot, but it is no less true 
that thou lovest a young Prince, who treats thee with indif- 
ference." " Ah, Sir," cried Babiole, sighing, " do not speak 
of it ; the thought of him augments all my woes." " He 
will not always be a rebel to love," continued the guest of 
the fishes ; " I know ho is reserved for 'the most beautiful 
princess iu the world." " Unfortunate that 1 am," continued 
Babiole, *^ho then can never be mine." The good man 
smiled, and said to her, " Do not distress thyself, my good 
Babiole, time is a great master; only take cvxi^ \i<^\ \.Q>Vi'$a 



266 BABIOLE. 

the little glass coffer which Magot sent thee, and which by 
chance thou hast in thy pocket. I cannot say more to thee 
on the subject : here is a tortoise who goes a very good pace; 
seat thyself on him, and he will conduct thee whither thou 
shouldst go.** " After all the obligations you have conferred 
on me/* said Babiole, '* I cannot leave you without inquiring 
your name.*' " They call me Biroquoi,*' he said, " &ther of 
Biroquie  a river, as you see, large enough and fiunous 
enough.** Babiole mounted the tortoise with perfect con- 
fidence ; they travelled for some time on the water, and at 
last, after what appeared a long round, the tortoise gained the 
bank. 

It would be difficult to find anything more noble looking 
than the English saddle and the rest of the harness of the 
tortoise, complete even to the little pistols in the saddle bow, 
the pockets of which were made of two bodies of crabs. 

Babiole travelled on, entirely confiding in the promises of 
Biroquoi, when on a sudden she heard a rather loud noise; 
Alas ! alas ! it was the ambassador Miiiifiche, with all his 
followers, who were returning to Magotia, sad and afflicted at 
the flight of Babiole. A monkey of the troop had climbed 
a walnut-tree at dinner time, to knock down the nuts to feed 
the Magotius ; but he had hardly reached the top of the tree 
when, looking about him, he saw Babiole on the poor tortoise, 
who was travelling slowly in the open country. At this 
sight he began to scream so loud that the assembled monkeys 
asked him in their language what was the matter ; he told 
them, and they immediately let loose the parrots, pies, and jays, 
who flew to the spot and identified her, and on their report 
that it really was Babiole, the Ambassador, the apes and the 
rest of the party ran after and seized her. 

What a misfortune for Babiole! It would be difficult to have 
met with a greater or more grievous one. They made her 
enter the state coach, which .was immediately surrounded by 
the most vigilant apes, some foxes, and a cock, the latter of 
whom mounted on the imperial and stood sentinel day and 
night. A monkey led the tortoise as a rare animal, and thus 
the cavalcade continued its journey, to the great distress of 
Babiole, who had no other companion than Madame Gigona, 
a sour-tempered and ill-natured ape. 

At the end of three days, d\rmi<g \i\^<ck iio^kdn'^ particular 



BABIOLE. 267 

iQoaamd, the goicles haying miflsed their way, the cayaloade 
ximd at a large and beautiful city totaUy unknown to 
them, but peroeiying a beautiful garden, the gate of which 
was open, they entereid and xayaged it as if it was a conquered 
ecmntry. One cnicked nuts, another swallowed cherries, a 
third stripped a plum-tree; in short, down to the smallest 
monkey in the train, there was not one that did not go plun- 
dering and pocketing. 

Now, you must know that this city was the capital of the 
kingdom in which Babiole was bom, that the Queen her 
motiier, resided in it, and that ever since she had the misfor- 
tune to 8ee.;her daughter changed into an ape by the sprig of 
hawthorn, she had never suffered in her dominions any ape, 
monkey, baboon, or anything in &ct that could recal the 
fiital oiroumstance to her mind. A monkey was looked upon 
there as a disturber of the public peace. What, then, was 
the astonishment of the people at the arrival of a card coach, 
a chariot of painted straw, and all the rest of the most ex- 
traordinary equipage that has ever been seen since stories 
were stories, and fairies Juries. 

The news flew to the palace. The Queeiwwas appalled; 
she imagined that the monkey people had designs against her 
tiirone. She called a council immediately, .and the whole of 
the intruders were pronounced guilty of high treason : de- 
termined, therefore, to make such an example of them as 
should be a warning to all for the future, she sent her guards 
into the garden with orders to seize all the monkeys. They 
threw large nets over the trees; the himt was soon over, and 
notwithstanding the respect due to the quality of an ambas- 
sador, the character was sadly outraged in the person of 
Mirlifiche, whom they consigned without the least remorse 
to the depths of a dungeon, in which he was placed under a 
large empty puncheon with the rest of his comrades, together 
with the lady apes and miss monkeys who accompanied Babiole. 
Babiole herself experienced a secret gratification in this new 
misfortune. When unhappiness attains a certain point, 
nothing further alarms us, and even death, perhaps, is looked 
forward to as a boon. Such was her situation  her heart, 
tortured by the recollection of the Prince, who had despised 
her, and her mind by the frightful image of King Magot, 
whose wife she was about to become. 



^68 3ABI0LE. 

Now we must not forget to saj that her dress was bo 
pretty and her manners so superior that those who had made 
her prisoner could not help considering her something won- 
derful, and when she spoke their surprise was still greater. 
They had often heard mention of the admirable Babiole. The 
Queen, who had found her, and was ignorant of the transfor- 
mation of her niece, had frequently written to her sister that 
she had a wonderful ape, and begged her to come and see it; 
but the afiiicted mother always skipped such passages in her 
letters. At length the guards, in ecstasies of delight^ carried 
Babiole into a great gallery where they erected a little throne, 
on which she seated herself with the air of a sovereign more 
than that of a captive ape, and the Queen happening to pass 
through the gallery, was so struck with surprise at her pretty 
mien, and the graceful salutation she made her, that, despite 
herself, nature spoke in favour of the In&nta. 

The Queen took Babiole in her arms. The little creature, 
herself agitated by feelings till then unknown to her, threw 
herself on the Queen's neck, and said to her such tender and 
winning things, that all those who heard her were full of 
admiration. " No, Madam," she said, " it is not the fear of 
approaching death (with which I am told you threaten the 
unfortunate race of monkeys) that induces me to seek means 
to please and propitiate you ; the termination of my existence 
is not the greatest misfortune that can befal me, and my 
feelings are so far above the thing I am, that I should regret 
the least step that might be taken to save me. It is for your- 
self alone that I love you, Madam; your crown affects me 
much less than your merits." 

Now what reply, in your opinion, could anybody make to 
so polite and respectful a Babiole] The Queen, as mute as a 
fish, opened her two great eyes, imagined she was dreaming, 
and felt her heart excessively agitated. She carried Babiole 
into her cabinet. When they were alone she said to her, 
" Delay not a moment the relation to me of thy adventm*es, 
for I feel satisfied that of all the animals that stock my 
menageries, and that I keep in my palace, I shall love thee 
the best. I promise thee even, that for thy sake I will par- 
don the monkeys that accompany thee." ** Ahl Madam," said 
Babiole, " I do not intercede for them. It has been my mis- 
fortune to be bom an ape, and the same cruel fate has given 



BABIOLE. 269 

me an understanding which will be my' torment as long as I 
live ; for what must I feel when I see myself in a looking 
glass, a little ugly black creature, with paws ooyered with 
hair, a tail, and teeth always ready to bite, and at the same 
time know that I am not without intelligence, that I possess 
some taste, refinement, and feeHng.*' '^ Art thou susceptible 
of lovel " asked the Queen. Babiole sighed without replying. 
"Ohl" continued the Queen. "I pray thee tell me if thou 
lovest a monkey, a rabbit, or a squirrel, for if thou art not 
positively engaged, I have a dwarf who would be the very 
husband for thee." Babiole at this proposition assumed an 
air of indignation, which made the Queen burst out laughing. 
" Don't be angry," said she ; " and tell me by what chance it 
is that thou hast the power of speech?" " All that I know 
of my history," said Babiole, " is that the Queen your sister, 
had scarcely leJPb you after the birth and death of the Princess 
your daughter, than she saw, on the sea-shore, one of your 
valets-de-chambre, who was about to drown me. I was 
snatched from his grasp by her orders, and by a miracle 
which astonished everybody I found myself possessed of the 
power of speech and reason. Masters were given to me to 
teach me several languages, and how to play on various in- 
struments; at length. Madam, I became aware of my misfor- 
tune, and,  ^but what is the matter. Madam?" cried she, 
observing the Queen's fece perfectly pallid, and covered with 
cold perspiration. "I perceive an extraordinary change in 
your countenance 1" "I am dying," said the Queen, in a 
feeble Toioe, and scarcely able to articulate. '' I am dying, 
my dear and too imhappy child ! Ah ! have I then found 
thee to-day?" As she uttered these words she &,inted. 
Babiole, much alarmed, ran to call for help. The ladies in 
waiting on the Queen hastened to give her some water, to 
unlace her, and put her to bed. !l^biole smuggled herself 
into bed with her. No one noticed it, she was so very little. 

When the Queen recovered from the long swoon into which 
the Princess's account of herself had thrown her, she desired 
to be left alone with the ladies who knew the secret of the 
fatal birth of her daughter. She told them what had occurred ; 
at which they were so amazed that they knew not what 
advice to give her. 

She commanded them, howdver, to Bay ^Yi^it \k<^'^ >^q>v^^e^ 



270 BABIOLE. 

it would be best to do in so sad a conjuncture. Some sug- 
gested that the ape should be smothered, others were for 
shutting it up in some hole, and a third party proposed send- 
ing it again to be drowned in the sea. The Queen wept and 
sobbed, and said, '* She has so much good sense, what a pity 
to see her reduced by a magic bouquet to this miserable con- 
dition. But after aU," she continued, " it is my child. It is 
I who have drawn down upon her the wrath of the wicked 
Fanferluche; is it just she should suffer for the hate that &iiy 
bears to me?" 

"Yes, Madam," said her old maid of honour, "you must 
protect your own fame. What would the world think of you 
if you declared yourself the mother of a monkey InfiBuita. It 
is not natural for one so handsome as you are to haye such 
children." 

The Queen lost all patience at suih reasoning, whilst the 
old lady and the others all insisted with equal warmth that 
the little monster ought to be exterminated. Finally the 
Queen determined to have Babiole locked up in a chateau, 
where she could be well fed and well treated for the rest of 
her days. 

When the Princess heard the Queen express her resolution 
to put her in prison, she slipped quietly out at the side of the 
bed, and leaping from a window on to a tree in the garden, 
escaped into the great forest, and left everybody wondering 
what had become of her. 

She passed the night in the hollow of an oak, where she 
had time to moralize on the cruelty of her destiny; but what 
gave her the most pain was the necessity she was under of 
quitting the Queen. Still she preferred a voluntary exile 
which left her the enjoyment of her liberty, to remaining a 
captive for ever. 

As soon as it was light she continued her journey, without 
knowing where to go, turning in her mind over and over 
agcin a thousand times, this strange, this most extraordi- 
nary adventure. " What a difference," she exclaimed, " be- 
tween that which I am, and that which I ought to have been l" 
The tears flowed fast from the little eyes of poor Babiole. 

Every morning at daybreak she resumed her flight. She 
feared the Queen would have her pursued, or that some of 
the monkeys, escaped from the cellar, would seize and carry 



BABIOLE. 271 

her agaiimt her will to Kmg Magot. She fled so &r without 
following road or track, that at length she came to a great 
desert, in which was to be found nor house nor tree, nor 
fruit, nor herb, nor fountain. She entered upon it without 
reflection, and when she became hungry, she discovered, but 
too late, how imprudent it was to travel through such a 
coimtry. 

Two nights and two days elapsed without her being able 
to catch eyen a worm or a gnat. The fear of death came 
over her. She was so weak that she felt fainting. She 
stretched herself on the ground, and recollecting the olive 
smd the nut that were still in the little glass box, she thought 
she might make on them a slender meal. Encouraged by 
this ray of hope she took up a stone, broke the box to pieces, 
and began to eat the olive. 

But scarcely had she bitten it when out ran a flood of 
fragrant oil, which felling on her paws they became the most 
beautiful hands in the world. Her surprise was extreme. 
She took some of the oil in her hands and rubbed herself all 
over with it. A miracle! She made herself so beautiful 
that nothing in the universe could be compared to her. She 
felt she had large eyes, a small mouth, a handsome nose  
she was dying to see herself in a glass ; at last it occmTed to 
her to make one out of the largest piece of her broken box. 
Oh, when she saw herself, what delight ! What an agreeable 
surprise ! Her clothes had enlaige*! with herself. Her head 
was well dressed, her hair was in a thousand curls; her com- 
plexion was as blooming as the flowers of spring. 

The first moments of her surprise over, the cravings of 
hunger became more urgent, and her distress on that score 
greatly increased. " Ah," said she, " so young and handsome, 
a princess born as I am, must I perish in this sad spoti Oh, 
cruel fortune that has brought me hither, what hast thou in 
store for me? Is it to heap more affliction upon me, that thou 
hast effected this charming a^id unhoped-for change in my 
person? And thou, too, venerable river Biroquoi, who so 
generously saved my life, wilt thou leave me to perish in this 
frightful desert?" 

The Infanta vainly cried for help. Every power was deaf 
to her voice, and the torments of hunger increased to ^vxOdl ^ 
degree that she took the nut and cracked it . bxit sea ^^ ^w.t^'^, 



272* babiole: 

away the shell, she was greatly astonished ta see' coming out 
of it, architects, painters, masons, upholsterers, sculptors, and 
workmen in a thousand other crafts. Some drew plans of a 
palace, others built it, others furnished it These painted the 
apartments, those laid out the gardens. Blue and gold met 
the eye in every direction. A magnificent repast was served 
up: sixty princesses dressed finer than queens, led by squires, 
and followed by their pages, came and paid her the highest 
compliments, and invited her to the banquet which awaited 
her. Babiole immediately, without waiting to be pressed, 
entered the saloon, and with the air X)f a Queen ate as a 
starving person might be expected to eat. 

She had scarcely risen from table, when her treasurers 
placed before her fifteen thousand chests as big as hogsheads, 
filled with gold and diamonds. They inquired if it was her 
pleasure that they should pay the workmen who bad .built 
her palace. She answered that it was proper to do so; but 
bargained that they should also build a city, marry, and 
remain in her service. They all consented, and the city was 
built in three quarters of an hour, although it was five times 
larger than Rome. Here was a number of prodigies to come 
out of a little nut ! 

The Princess resolved to send a grand embassy to the 
Queen her mother, and to convey some reproaches to the 
young Prince her cousin. Whilst the requisite preparations 
were being made, she amused herself with runnings at the 
ring, at which she always distributed the prizes ; also with 
cards, plays, himting, and fishing; for they had brought a 
river through the palace gardens. 

The report of Babiole's beauty spread throughout the 
universe, and kings came to her court fi-om the four comers 
of the earth;  ^giants taller than mountains and pigmies 
smaller than rats. 

It happened one day, during a grand tournament, after 
several knights had broken their lances, a quarrel arose be- 
tween them, and they fought in earnest and wounded each 
other. The Princess, greatly offended by this conduct in her 
presence, descended from her balcony to ascertain who were 
the guilty parties; but when they were urihelmed, what were 
her feelings when she recognised in one of them ibe Prince 
her cousin 1 If not dead, he was so nearly gone, > that she 



BABIOLE. 278 

was herself ready to die of grief and alarm at the sight. She 
had him csurried into the handsomest room in the palace, 
where nothing was wanting that could be necessary for his 
recovery,  physicians from Chodrai,^ surgeons, ointments, 
broths, syrups. The In&nta herself made the bandages 
and prepared the lint. They were watered with her tears ; 
and those tears should alone have been a balsam to the 
wounded prince. They were so indeed in more ways than 
one, for not counting half-a-dozen sword-cuts, and as many 
lance-thrusts, which had pierced him through and through, 
ho had long been at * the court, incognito, and had been 
wounded by the bright eyes of Babiole so desperately, that 
he was incurable for life. It is easy, therefore, to imagine at 
present some portion of what he felt, when he was able to 
read in the countenance of that beautiful princess, that she 
was in the utmost grief at beholding the condition to which 
he was reduced. 

I shall not stop to repeat all that his heart prompted him 
to say in thanking her for the kindness she had shown him. 
Those who heard him were astonished that a man so very ill 
could express himself with so much warmth and gratitude. 
The In&nta, who blushed more than once at his words, begged 
him to be silent, but his agitation and ardour carried him so 
&r, that she saw him suddenly fall into an alarming agony. 
Up to this time she had evinced great fortitude, but now she 
lost it so completely that she tore her hair, uttered wild 
shrieks, and gave her people reason to believe that her heart 
was vastly susceptible, since she could in so short a time be 
80 desperately in love with an utter stranger,  for little did 
they know in Babiola (she had so named her kingdom), that 
the prince was her cousin, and that she had loved him from 
her earhest in&ncy. 

It was during his travels that he had arrived at this Court, 
and as there was no one he knew to present him to the 
Infanta^ he thought that nothing could be better than per- 
forming five or six heroic actions before her, that is to say, 
cutting off the arms or legs of some of the knights in the 
lists ; but he found none polite enough to permit him to do 

(1) There is no Chodrai to be found in the Dictionnaire Universel G6ographique de 
U Fnutee, 6 toIi. 1804. Chandray near Mantes, and Chandrey on the Aube, are 
small towns which do not appear to have been distinguished in the annals of 
medicine. 

T 



276; B^IOLE. 

rapidly. They went down in it, horse and man, and tils' 
Pnnoe made sure he should be drowned. 

He arrived, howeyer, fortunately, at the abode of the 
worthy Biroquoi, who' was oelebrating the marriagD of Us 
daughter wiUi one of the ziohest and deepest xi-ven in the 
country. All the aquatio deities were asBemblad ia the 
Grotta The Tritons and the Syzens performed the mMt 
agreeable musio, and the Biver Biroquie, lightly aitind, 
danced the Hay^ with the Seine, the Tiuime% the op)ixaiH% 
and the Ganges, who had certainly come a long my to be 
merry together. 

Criquetiny who knew good manners^ halted Tery respeet- 
Mly at the entrance of the Grotto, and the fzuiof^ who 
knew better manners even than his horse, maldiig a preftraod 
bow, inquired if a mortal like himself m^t bo peirmittifed to 
make his appearance in so splendid a party. 

Biroquoi replied, in an a&ble tone, that he did tibeoi both 
honour and pleafiure. " I have expected you lor 90|na d^m^ 
my lord," continued he; ''I am interested in yoqr &te^ ud 
that of the In&nta who is dear to me. Tou must rcJoaae her 
from the fatal spot in which the vindictiye Fanfeflnohe has 
imprisoned her. It is in a bottle." ^' Ah, what do I hear!'* 
cried the Prince; " the Infanta is in a bottle?" "Yes," said 
the sage old man ; '^ she suffers much ; but I warn you, my 
lord, that it is not easy to conquer the giants and the dragons 
that guard it, unless you follow my counsels. Youmnat leare 
your good steed here, and mount on a winged dolphin that 
I have for some time been breaking in for you." He had the 
dolphin brought out, saddled and bridled, "^ho vaulted and 
curveted so cleverly that Criquetin was jealous of him. 

Biroquoi and his friends made haste to arm the Prince. 
They gave him a brilliant cuirass of the scales of golden 
carps, and placed on his head the shell of a huge snail, which 
was overshadowed vdth the tail of a large cod raised in the 
form of an aigrette ; a naiad girt him with an eel, from which 
depended a tremendous sword made out of a long fish-bone ; 
and lastly they gave him the shell of a great tortoise for a 
shield; and, thus armed, there was not the smallest gadgeon 

(1) *' Les Olivettes." A dance, the figure of which was formed hy eouplMtimiiDg 
h'and-in-hand after each other, round three fixed points. It was eaUad tlie Hay in 

England. 



JBABIOLB. 277 

that did not take him to be the God of Soles, for to speak the 
truth, this young Prince had a certain air which is rarely 
met with in mortals. 

The hope of soon recovering the charming Princess he 
adored inspired him mth a joy he had not experienced since 
her losb, and the uthful chronicle of these events asserts 
that he ate with an excellent appetite whilst he was staying 
with Biroquoi, and that he thanked him and all the company 
with extraordinary eloquence. He then bade adieu to Cri- 
quetin, and mounted the flying dolphin, who set off with 
him immediately. The Prince, towai^ evening, found him- 
self at such a height, that for the sake of a little rest he 
entered the kingdom of the Moon. The curiosities he saw 
there would have detained him for some time had he been 
less anxious to extricate his beloved Infanta from the bottle 
in which she had been living for several months. 

Morning had scarcely dawned when he discovered her 
surrounded by giants and dragons, which the Fairy, by the 
power of her little wand, had kept beside her. She so little 
imagined that any one would have power to rescue the Prin- 
cess, that she felt perfectly satisfied with the vigilance of her 
terrible guards, and their ability to prolong the sufferings of 
Babiole. 

That beautiful Princess had raised her mournful eyes to 
Heaven, and was addressing to it her sad complaints, when 
she saw the flying dolphin and the knight who came to her 
deliverance. She had not believed in the possibility of such 
an event, although her own experience had taught her that 
the most extraordinary things become familiar to certain 
persons. "Is it by the malice of some Fairies,'* said she, 
"that yon knight is borne through the air? Alas! howl 
pity him i^ like me, he is doomed to be imprisoned in some 
bottle or flagon." 

Whilst she thus ruminated, the Giants, who saw the Prince 
hovering above their heads, thought it was a boy's kite, and 
xjried one to the other, " Catch hold, catch hold of the line ! 
 ^it will amuse us;" but while they were stooping to look 
for the line, the Prince rushed down upon them, sword in 
hand, cut them in pieces as you would cut a pack of cards, 
and scattered them to the winds. 
. At the noise of this desperate combat the Infanta looked 



278 BABIOLE. 

round, and recognised her young Prince. What joy, to be 
assured he was alive !  but what terror to see the imminent 
peril he was in amongst those horrible giants and the dragons 
that were springing upon him. She uttered fearful shnek^ 
and was ready to die at the sight of his danger. 

But the enchanted bone with which Biroquoi had armed 
the Prince never struck in vain, and the light dolphin flying 
up or down with him at exactly the right moment, was also <^ 
wonderful assistance to him; so that in a very short time the 
ground was covered with the bodies of these monsters. 

The impatient Prince, who saw his Infanta through the glass, 
would have dashed the bottle to pieces had he not been a&aid 
of wounding her. He decided, therefore, to descend through 
the neck of it. When he reached the bottom of the bottle, he 
flung himself at the feet of Babiole, and respectfully kissed 
her hand. " My Lord," said she, " it is necessary, in order to 
retain your good opinion, that I should give you my reasons 
for the tender interest I took in your preservatioiu Enow 
that we are near relations : that I am the daughter of the 
Queen, your aunt, and that very Babiole whom you found in 
the form of an ape on the sea-shore, and who affcerwards had 
the weakness to evince an attachment for you which you de- 
spised." " Ah, Madam," said the Prince, " can I believe so 
miraculous a circumstance? You have been an ape,  ^you 
have loved me, I have been aware of it, and was capable of 
rejecting the greatest of all blessings!*' "I should at this 
moment have a very bad opinion of your taste," replied the 
Infanta smiling, " if you could then have felt any affection for 
me : but let us away, my Lord; I am weary of captivity, and 
I fear my enemy. Let us seek the Queen, my mother, and 
tell her all the extraordinary things in which she must be so 
much interested." " Come, Madam, let us go," said the 
enamoured Prince, mounting the winged dolphm, and taking 
Babiole in his arms ; " let me hasten to restore to her in your 
person the most lovely princess that the world ever boasted." 

The dolphin rose gently into the air and took his flight to- 
wards the capital, where the Queen passed her melancholy 
life. The disappearance of Babiole had deprived her of 
repose. She could not cease thinking of her, of the pretty 
speeches she had made, and, all ape as she was, the Queen 
would have given half her kingdom to see her once more. A^* 



BABIOLE. 279 

Boon as the Prince arrlTed he assumed the disguise of an 
old man, and requested a private audience of her Majesty, 
*^ Madam," said he to her, '' I have studied from my earliest 
youth the art of Necromancy : you may judge from that &ct 
that I am not ignorant of the hatred Fanferluche bears you, 
and its terrible consequences; but dry your tears, Madam; 
that Babiole, whom you have seen so ugly, is now the most 
beautiful Prhioess in the world. She will shortly be beside 
yon, if you will forgive the Queen your sister the cruel 
war she has made upon yon, and cement the peace by the 
marriage of your Infanta with the Prince yoiu: nephew." " I 
cannot flatter myself with such hopes," replied the Queen 
weeping; ''you wish to allay my sorrow, sage old man, but 
I have lost my dear child, I have no longer a husband, 
my sister pretends to my kingdom, her son is equally unjust 
towards me, and I will never seek their alliance." " Destiny 
has ordained otherwise," said the Prince, '' I am commissioned 
to inform you so." " Alas !" added the Queen, " where would 
be the advantage of my consenting to their marriage ? The 
wicked Fanferluche has too much power and malice. She 
would oppose it always." '' Make yourself easy on that score. 
Madam," replied the old man; ''promise me only that you will 
not object to the match so much desired." " I will promise 
anything," said the Queen, " on condition that I once again 
behold my dear daughter." 

The Prince retired and ran to the spot where the Infanta 
was awaiting him. She was surprised to see him disguised, 
and he was, therefore, compelled to explain to her that for 
some time past there had been a conviction of interests between 
the two Queens, which had caused considerable bitterness; 
but that he had at length induced his aunt to consent to his 
wishes. The Princess was delighted: she repaired to the 
palace. All who saw her pass, were so struck by her perfect 
resemblance to her mother, that they hastened after her 
to ascertain who she could be. 

As soon as the Queen saw her, her heart was so greatly 
agitated that she needed no other proof of the truth of the 
stoiy. The Princess flung herself at the Queen's feet, and 
was raised by her into her arms; where, after remaining for 
some time without speaking, and kissing away each other's 
tears, they gave utterance to all that can be imagined on such 



280 BABIOLSL 

an occasion. The Queen then, casting her ejes on her nephew, 
received him very graciously, and repeated to him the pro- 
mise she had made to the necromancer. She would have 
said more, but the noise that she heard in the court-yard of 
the palace induced her to look out of the window, and she had 
the agreeable surprise of beholding the arrival of the Que^ 
her sister. The Prince and the In&nta, who were looking 
out also, perceived in the royal suite the venerable Biroquoi, 
and even good Criquetin was one of the party. All at the 
sight of each other uttered shouts of joy ; they ran to meet 
each other with transports which cannot be described, and 
the magnificent nuptials of the Prince and the In&nta were 
celebrated upon the spot in spite of the Fairy Fanferluche, 
whose power and malignity were equally confounded. 

The friendship of the wicked we should fearf 
Their fairest offers prudently declining ; 
E'en while protesting that they hold us dear, 
In secret oft our peace they're undermining. 

The Princess, whose adventures I've related, 
Of happiness might ne'er have been bereaved, 
If, from the fairy who her mother hated, 
The fatal hawthorn had not been received. 

Her transformation to an ugly ape 

Could not exempt her from the tender passion ; 

Regardless of her features and her shape, 

She dared to love a Prince" the glass of fashion." 

I know some well, in this our present day, 
Ugly as any monkeys in creation. 
Who, notwithstanding, venture siege to lay 
To the most noble hearts in all the nation. (1) 

But I suspect, ere they secure a lover. 
They must to some enchanter pay their duty, 
Who can inform them where they may discover 
The oil which gave to Babiole her beauty. 



(1) We have no clue to the exact dates at which these stories were written, but 
about this period Mdlle Choin, whom St. Simon describes as " a fat, squat, 
swarthy, ugly, flat-nosed girl," contrived to acquire an ascendency over the heart of 
Monseigneur the Dauphin, son of Louis XIV., and father of Philip V. king of 
Spain. The allusion may have been more general, but the notoriety of this in- 
trigue, which became the theme of the ballad-mongers of the day, renders the 
supposition not improbable, that this celebrated intrigante -was at least included in 
the category 



THE YELLOW DWAEF, 



Once upon a time there was a Queen who had only one 
daughter left out of a very large family, but that one was 
worth a thousand. Finding herself a widow, and having 
nothing in the world so dear to her as the young Princess, 
she was so much afraid of losing her that she never corrected 
any of her faults ; so that this marvellous creature, perceiving 
that her beauty was celestial rather than mortal, and knowing 
that she was bom to a crown, became so proud and so vain 
of her nascent charms that she despised everybody. 

The Queen, her mother, by her caresses and her indulgence, 
confirmed her in the belief that there was nothing in the 
world which could be worthy of her. She appeared nearly 
always dressed as Pallas or Diana, followed by the principal 
ladies of the court attired as nymphs; and finally, to pamper 
her vanity to the utmost, the Queen gave her the name of 
Toutebelle ; and having had her portrait painted by the best 
artists, sent it to several kings, with whom she was in strict 
alliance. As soon as they saw this portrait, every one, without 
an exception, yielded to the inevitable power of her charms. 
Some fell ill, others lost their wits, and those who were for- 
tunate enough to preserve their health and senses hastened 
to her court. But no sooner did they behold the fair original, 
than the poor princes became her devoted slaves. 

There never was a court more gallant and polite. Twenty 
kings vied with each other in their endeavours to please the 
Princess; and after having spent three or four hundred 
millions of francs upon a single entertainment, would feel 
more than repaid if they could only draw from her ja. 
admissian that "It was pretty." 




Ha tlLIOV SWABF. 

j"!? T ^^ '" ""' delighted the Queen 
_d ibM the PnncB did not receive eeven or 
""I?*!: "^ "^^ *^ madrigals, and son-s, 
m Df lUI Uio poe(a in the uaiTerse. Toute- 
1* tittm rf dl the pne and rerse written 
ofiK-tia*. AU the boafitw were made with 
m^ j^nrUcd and bttmed better than 
l^- ^!/5r" *^ "^"^y ^<'''ed the 
9m vmluiMt ft) pTBtend to the honour of 
mad. Acm^ umjhodj desired it : but how 
at<dtiat decription J you m ight 
w mx timea s-day to please her, 
M  m mere trifle. Her lovers 
r. and her mother, who 
M ^^BAS^ a omna of induotug her (o 
K-^^rrfi^K. "Waijoo not," said she 
lK-iaMIWk<if ifiiC inn|iportable pride 
- - -c^AdMttB ^tB iB the kings who 



i^r^^i*^i^^ vgaa au ue Kings who 

Z-mm^igm JB bm fcr a husbaud :  

'-''^mm^H' *Cmtbppy,'* replied 

eu; ^, 'r b nm . e bijot my peacefal 

 :?-? c i.^ X T'?a might be very 

-Bftrtjai^ -^r Aonld be sorry if you 

rK: WKimitseiAtme who dgh for you, 

  grand more worthy." 

' id tadk an opiniou of 

uiid herself worth some 

, ka* obstinate determi- 

ij her mother, that ghe 

. Mliilgence. Not know- 

^_- . X u^ -^ *" by herself to consult a 

'^ ^^ ^3M?-rftfcB Desai: but it was 

.^-^^B'^waBBM by lioM. The Queeu 

"""^^^^^^ i^ iwd not baoi for a long 

** ^.^^B0^s thnnr to theee beasts 

^ -^^t^m^ W I'nnrfT aod crocodiles' 

idputitinto 

^S so &r, not 

,u_  it rf a tree to 

i^ta* aan-awaking 

iRiMtMe! and to 




THS TXLLOW TlWABJf. 288 

ooxnplete the mis^ratone,, she heard the great lioiui ooming, 
roaring tremendouflly, for they had smelt her. 

'' AlaSy what will beoome of me !" she exclaimed piteotusly; 
" I shall be deyouredl" She wepi and not having strength 
to fly^ she dung to the tree under which she had slept. At 
that moment she heard, ''Hist! Hist I A-hem! A-heml" 
She looked all about her^ and raising her eyes, she saw up in 
the tree a little man not aboye a cubit in hei^t. He was eating 
oranges, and said to her, ^ Oh! I know you well, Queen, and 
I know the fear you are in that the lions will devour you; 
and not without reason are you alarmed, for they have d&- 
voured many before you, and to complete yo^^* misfortune 
you have no cake." 

^ I must submit to die 1" said the Queen, sighing. " Alaa, 
I should do so with less pain if my dear daughter were but 
married!" '' How 9 you have a daughter!" exclaimed the 
Teilow Dwarf (He was so called from the colour of his skin, 
and his living in an orange-tree.) ''Truly, I am delighted 
to hear it, for I have sought a wife by land and sea. Look 
now, if you will promise her to me, I will save you from 
lions, tigers, or b^irs." The Queen looked at him, and she 
wajs scarcely less frightened at his horrible little figure than 
she was at the lions. She mused, and made no answer. 
" What! do you hesitate, Madam 9" cried he. '' Tou cannot 
be very fond of life." At the same moment the Queen per- 
ceived the lions on the brow of a hill running towards her. 
Each had two heads, eight feet, four rows of teeth, and their 
skin was as hard as shell, and as red as morocco. At this 
sight, the poor Queen, trembling more than a dove at the 
view of a falcon, cried out with all her might  '' My Lord 
Dwarf! Toutebelle is yours." " Oh !" said he, with a disdain- 
ful air, "Toutebelle is too much of a belle ;^ I will have 
none of her. You may keep her." " Ah, my Lord," con- 
tinued the afflicted Queen, " do not refuse her !  ^she is the 
most charming Princess in the world!" "Well," said he, 
" out of charity I accept her : but recollect the gift you have 
made me I " The trunk of the orange-tree, in which he was 
seated, immediately opened. The Queen rushed headlong into 
it; it closed, and the lions were balked of their prey. 

The Queen was so agitated that she did not notice a door 

(1) " ToutebeUe est txopbeWe:* 



TIM TH lELLOW DWARF. 

oonstruoted in the tree. At length she perceived it, and 
opened it : it opened on a field of nettles and thistles sur- 
rounded by a muddy ditch. At a little distance stood a very 
low-roofed cottage, thatched with straw,--the Tellow Dwarf 
came out of it with a mirthful air. He wore wooden shoes, 
and a jacket of coarse yellow cloth; had large ears, and no 
hair, and looked like a thorough little villain. ^' I am de- 
lighted, my Lady Mother-in-law," said he, " to show you the 
little ch&teau in which your Toutebelle will reside with me. 
She may keep an ass upon these nettles and thistles to ride 
about on. This rustic roof will shelter her from the incle- 
mency of the weather; she will drink this water and eat some 
of the frogs that Ettten in it ; and she will have me day and 
night beside her, handsome, gay, and gallant, as you see me, 
for I should be very sorry if her shadow followed her closer 
than I." 

The xmfortunate Queen, suddenly struck by the wretched 
life the Dwarf had allotted to her dear daughter, and being 
imable to support so terrible a picture, dropped insensible to 
the ground without being able to utter a word in reply to 
him : but while she was in this state she was transported to 
the Palstce, placed in her own bed, very neatly, with the finest 
night-caps and the handsomest fontange^ that she had ever 
worn in her life. The Queen awoke and recollected what had 
befallen her. She wouldn't believe it was true; for finding 
herself in her Palace, amidst her ladies, and her daughter by 
her side, there was little to show that she had been in the 
Desert, that she had encountered such great dangers, and 
that the Dwarf had saved and preserved her from them on 
so hard a condition as the gift to him of Toutebelle. Never- 
theless, the rare lace of the cap, and the beauty of the riband, 
astonished her as much as the dream she presumed she had 
had, and in the excess of her anxiety she fell into a melan- 
choly, so extraordinary, that she could scarcely speak, eat, or 
sleep. The Princess, who loved her mother with aQ her heart, 
was very uneasy about her. She implored her frequently to 
say what was the matter with her : but the Queen, seeking 
for pretexts, answered sometimes that she was out of health, 
and at others that one of the neighbouring States threatened 
to go to war with her, 

(I) See note, p. 122. 



r J 



h < 



I. 



388 THE ntxoir mrjunr. 

Tbe wonhip that was paid to her daB^toi tiia Qor.' 
Not a da; paued that the Prinoen did not noBm mvm 

mAt thoiuand b"IJ1J^'t^. u- iimny od>.% tiifidrl^^il- 

iraich were aent 1>y all iho pjks in tbo uiiii^r- 
belle mm the ao]e theme of all the prose a.ad \< 
bytheauthon of her time. All the bonfimwoi-f i.i 
theae oompositioua, %vhicb sparkled tuul bnmed 1 
an; other aort of fucL The FrinoesB had alre.irlv 
ago of fifteen. Kobod; ventured to pretend t " 
being her hnaband, though everybody li'sir . 
waa it posnble to touch a heart of that dcHcri j>u 
have hangad yourself five or six times ii-<l > 
and ahe would have thought it ft imrv t, 
complained Intterlj of ha cruelty, uiiii i 
wiabed her to be mArried, saw u" rr"-"- 
dedde in fiivoor of one "f '>' 
B to her, "abiit,, . 



which causes yoa 

visit our oourtl 1 ui- 

have yon oo desi re l^.' 

Toiitebelle. "Pny. ( 

indifierence. If I were 

sorry," " Yes," said thu , ^oat dw Swi j'ts: 

loved any one beneath yuu . .=aUBoted wtSMC. iiau. 

and admit that there mx . i^t txiw; fce* iniiins; 

It was quite true, l>ii> 
her own perfectiimB tli,. 
one better still; and uT 
nation to remain sin:_' 
repented, but too lat.^ 
ing what she ought r 
celebrated Fairy call 
not easy to see lur, i 
would have had lit' 
time aware that it 




TMS TEUOir DWAfiF, 

"Batatiiul Priocesa," said the Dwar^ 1 
acJf ftt her feet, " I flatter myself tint 
 v^ not displeMsa Tou when I inform 70U that it ia 
1 to enjoy such happiness." " My mother ' 
iM ^ Imt aon-in-law !" eicliumed Toutebelle, i 
t pMCM; 'vM there ever any madnesa lika 
jvani" " I can xeiy BtUa about the honour," said the Dwarf 
Uprily. " Hvn ooaae tbe lioc^ in three bites they will aTenge 
Baa tar your unjust disdaio.'* 

At the ino momeat the poor Princess heard the pro- 
longed roars of the approaching monsters. " What will 
faecoiDe of me!" die cried: "murt lend my young days thus !" 
The wicked Dwarf looked at her, and laughing contemp- 
tuously said, " Yon will have at least the glory of dying 
a maiden, and of having esca|>ed the mi$allianee of a person 
of your dazding worth with a miserable Dwarf like me." 
" For mercy's sake be not angry," said the Prineeaa, clasping 
her beautiful hands, " I would rather many all the dwar& in 
the aniTerse than perish in so frightful a manner." " Look at 
me well. Princess, before you give me your word," replied he, 
" for I do not wish to take any advantj^ of you." " I have 
looked at you more than enough," said she. " The lions are 
approaching ; my terror increases; save me! save me! or I 
shall die of fright" In fact, she had scarcely uttered these 
words before she &inted ; aud without knowing how she got 
there, found herself, on recovering from her swoon, in her 
own bed, in the finest linen in the world, with the moat beau- 
tiful ribands on her dress, and a little ring made <rf a single 
red hair, which fitted her finger so closely that the skin might 
have been taken off sooner than the ring. 

When the Princess saw all these things, and remembered 
what had taken place that night, she fell into a melancholy 
which surprised and pained the whole Court. Her mother 
was more alarmed than anybody, and asked her hundreds of 
times what was the matter ; but the Princess persisted in 
concealing from her the adventure. At length, the great 
estates of the kingdom, impatient to see the Princes married, 
-issembled in council, and afterwards proceeded to have an 
audience of the Queen, whom they petitioned to choose a 
husband for her daughter as soon as possible. She answered 
.(jigjOj that lired nothing better ; but that her daughter 



i THE TELLOW DWABF. 287 

^ evinced so much repugnance to marriage, that she advised 
,j them to go and talk to the Princess herself upon the subject. 
They Trent immediately. 

- l^outebelle had lost much of her haughtiness since her ad- 
Tontore with the Yellow Dwarf. She saw no better way of 
getting out of the dilemma, than by marrying some great 
king with whom the little monkey would not dare to dispute 
so glorious a prize. She, therefore, returned a more favourable 
answer than was hoped for ; sa3dng, that although she should 
have esteemed herself happy in remaining single all her life, 
she consented to marry the King of the Grold Mines, a very 
powerful and handsome prince, who had loved her passion- 
ately for several years, and who up to that moment had 
never been able to flatter himself that she would make the 
least return to his affection. 

It is easy to imagine the excess of his joy when he received 
such charming intelligence, and the rage of all his rivals 
at the utter extinction of the fond hopes they had continued 
to nourish; but Toutebelle could not marry twenty kiugs. 
She had much ado to choose one ; for her vanity was as great 
as ever, and she was still fully persuaded that nobody in the 
world was a fitting match for her. 

Everything was prepared for the celebration of one of the 
grandest entertainments that had ever been given in the uni- 
verse. The King of the Gold Mines sent home for such pro- 
digious sums of money that the sea was entirely covered with 
the ships which returned with them. Agents were despatched 
to all the most polished and gallant Courts, particularly that 
of France, to purchase the rarest materials for the wardrobe 
of the Princess; though she had less need than anybody 
of ornament to set off her beauty, which was so perfect that 
it was impossible to add to it; and the King of the Gold 
Mines, thus upon the eve of happiness, never left the side of 
his charmiDg Princess. 

The obvious importance of becoming acquainted with the 
character of her future husband, inducing the Princess to 
study it carefully, she discovered in him so much merit, so 
much sense, such deep and delicate feeling,  in short, so fine 
a mind in so perfect a body, that she began to return in 
some degree his affection. What happy moments were they 
for both^ when, wandering in the moat \;>eauWlv3\ ^iix^'ssoa """ 



THE TELLOW DWAEF. 289 

'cry shoes, which were made of them. Her gown of 

rocade was striped with a dozen rays of the sun, which 

TR bonght at an enormous price ; but which also could 

^ Bdxpassed in brilliancy except by the beauty of the 

"*% A magnificent crown adorned her head, her hair 

*? in wavy curls to her feet, and her majestic form dis- 

'bathed her amongst the crowd of ladies who accompanied 

ne King of the Gold Mines was not less perfect or less 

Tiifioent in his appearance. His happiness was visible in 

bis looks and actions. No one accosted him who did not 

Qm laden with his liberalities; for round his banqueting- 

4 were arranged by his orders a thousand barrels full of gold, 

<4 laige sacks of velvet embroidered with pearls, crammed 

Jth pistoles. Each held an hundred thousand. They were 

-^m indiscriminately to all who held their hands for them; 

Jihat this ceremony, which was not one of the most useless 

ff least agreeable on this occasion drew many persons to the 

oedding, who had little taste for other entertainments. 

The Queen and Princess were advancing to meet the King, 
' a&d proceed with him to the altar, when they saw entering a 
- long gallery through which they were passing, two kige 
turkey-cocks, drawing a very clumsily-made box. Behind 
them came a tall old woman, whose great age and decrepitude 
were no less remarkable than her extreme ugliness. She 
leaned on a crutcL She wore a black taffety ruff, a red 
velvet hood, and a &rthingale all in tatters. She took three 
turns roimd the gallery with her turkey-cocks before she 
spoke a word ; then, stopping in the centre of it, and brandish 
ing her crutch in a threatening manner, she cried, ** Ho ! ho ! 
Queen!  Ho! ho! Princess! Do you fiincy you can break 
with impunity your promises to my friend the Yellow Dwarf! 
I am the Fairy of the Desert ! But for him and his orange- 
tree know you not that my great lions would have devoured 
ye? We do not put up with such insults in Fairy Land. 
Consider quickly what you are about to do ; for I swear by 
my coif, that you shall marry him, or I will burn my 
crutch." 

" Ah I Princess," exclaimed the Queen, bursting into tears, 
"what do I hear!  what promise have you made]" "Ah! 
Mother," cried Toute-bellC; sorrowfully, " "WbsA. ^xovxiSssfc'W^'^ 

u 




with indift; 
princes wli. . 
sibility, foi- 
their posj^ 
reason to t 
have so ] 
atigfat not 
Gold ATji 



her, thre- 
pudon : 
mited :: 




THE YELLOW DWABT. 291 

[wlio were interested in his preservation, and perhaps some- 
Lt embarrassed the Yellow Dwarf; but his courage &iled 
he saw the Fairy of the Desert, her head covered with 
serpents like Tisiphone, mounted upon a winged grifi&n, 
armed with a lance, rush upon his dear Princess, and 
her so fierce a blow, that she fell into the Queen's arms 
in her own blood. That tender mother, more deeply 
ided by the blow than was even her daughter, uttered 
ieks and lamentations which are indescribable. The 
_^B courage and reason at that sight abandoned him 
^^together. He ceased fighting, and ran to rescue the Princess, 
>dr perish with her, but the Yellow Dwarf anticipated his 
. inovements : he leaped with his Spanish cat into the balcony, 
knatched the Princess from the arms of the Queen and of the 
ladies by whom she was surrounded, and then jumping on to 
the roof of the palace, disappeared with his prize. 

The King, motionless with astonishment, was gazing in 
utter despair on this extraordinary adventure, which unfortu- 
nately he had no power to prevent, when, to complete his 
nuseiy, he felt his eyesight fail him, and that by some irre- 
sistible power he was hurried through the vast expanse of air. 
What misfortunes! Love! cruel Love! Is it thus thou 
xusest those who acknowledge thee their conqueror? The 
wicked Fairy of the Desert, who came to assist the Yellow 
Dwarf to carry off the Princess, no sooner set her eyes upon 
the Kiug of the Gold Mines thaii her barbarous heart was 
touched by the charms of that young Prince. She marked 
him for her prey, and bore him off to the recesses of a 
frightful cavern, where she loaded him with chains which she 
had festened to a rock. She hoped that the fear of approach- 
ing death would make him forget Toute-belle, and induce 
him to do whatever she desired. As soon as they had arrived 
there, she restored his sight without settiug him at liberty, 
and, assuming by the power of fairy art the graces and 
charms which nature had denied her, she appeared before him 
like a lovely nymph, whom chance had conducted to that 
spot. 

" What do I behold !" she cried. " Can it be you, charm- 
ing Prince 1 What misfortune has befallen you, and driven 
you to languish in this miserable abode ?" The  King, 
deceived by her appearance, replied, " A.\as, feXx tl-^tcl^, ^ 

u2 



He had sc, 
tl box fle 
ud out of if 
ooalarge Si 
~'yof tn.- 

ing this ilii-is. 
I am thy riv 
gintbee li' 
mine. X^ool: 

tint thy p.. ' 
Mid the Ki 

tliv 

to  



thftt tboii 
the aigfa.t:, 
been iw*>i-t 
Btnng to t 
cat, wUo 
thither, 
pressed t 
with -vrtti- 

rith a^a-i 
he wfat' 

hen *' 



THE YELLOW DWAEl'. 293 

* J^ flhe saw the Bang pass by with the Fairy of the Desert, 

jJV having taxed the magio power she was so skilled in, to 

jp0sr beautiful in the eyes of the yoimg monarch, seemed 

fhoBe of the Princess the most admirable creature in the 

gSSAl "How!" she exclaimed, **am I not sufficiently 

zMnhed in this inaccessible castle, to which the frightful 

ISOow Dwarf has transported me 1 Must the demon of 

2t3amsy come to torture me, to complete my misery ? Must 

leion by this extraordinary occurrence the infidelity of the 

tibg of the Gold Mines 1 He has supposed that once out of 

3^t he was absolved from all the vows that he has made 

3iel But who is this formidable rival, whose fsital beauty 

sarpasses minet" 

Whilst the Princess was thus speaking, the enamoured King 
WM in mortal agony at being so rapidly borne away from the 
dear object of his affections. If he had not been so fully 
Bware of the power of the Fairy, he would have attempted, 
fc any hazard, to escape from her, either by killing her, or 
Knne other means which his love or his courage might have 
BOggested; but what could be done against so powerful a 
being ? Opportunity and stratagem could alone release him 
from her clutches. 

The Fairy had perceived Toute-belle, and sought to discover 
in the eyes of the King the effect which the sight of his 
darling had produced in his heart " No one," said the King, 
interpreting her glances, " can better than myself furnish you 
with the information you desire; this imexpected meeting 
with an imhappy Princess, for whom I entertained a previous 
attachment, has caused me some little emotion; but you 
possess so great an ascendency over her in my mind, that I 
would rather die than be faithless to you." " Ah ! Prince," 
said the Fairy, " may I flatter myself that I have inspired 
you with sentiments so favourable to me?" "Time will con- 
vince you, Madam," he replied ; " but if you would persuade 
me that I have some share in your good graces, you will not 
refuse me when I ask your protection for Toute-belle." " Do 
you know what you ask me?" said the Fairy, frowning and 
looking askance at him. " Would you have me employ my 
science against the Yellow Dwarf, who is my best friend, and 
release from his power a proud princess whom I canxiot c^"afc 
to regard as my rival ? " The King sighed, ^it\io\3Lt T^^y^ 



294 TSB YELLOW DWAEF. 

What answer could he make so astute a personage 1 Th^li 
reached an extensive meadow, enamelled with a thoii8SDl|? 
various flowers. A deep river surrounded it, and stream 
from many fountains flowed gently beneath tufted tne^|p 
affording ever a refreshing shade. In the distance arose ft 
superb palace, the walls of which were of trausparenl 
emeralds. As soon as the swans that drew the Faiefi 
chariot had descended beneath a portico roofed with rubiee^ 
and paved with diamonds, thousands of lovely nymphs 
appeared on all sides, and advanced to receive them with' 
loud acclamations of joy. They sang the following words : 

*' When Love o'er the heart would a triumph obtain, 
Defiance is idle  we struggle in vain. 
Resistance gives force to the weapons he wields ; 
The greater the hero, the sooner he yields." 

The Fairy of the Desert was delighted at hearing this 
allusion to her conquest. She led the King into the most 
superb apartment that had ever existed in the recollection of 
fairies, and left him there for a few minutes alone, that he 
might not &ncy himself positively a prisoner. He felt 
assured that she was not far off, and that wherever she might 
hide herself, she had an eye upon all his actions. He there- 
fore advanced towards a large looking-glass, and, addressing 
it, he said, " Faithful counsellor, allow me to see what I caa 
do to render myself more agreeable to the charming Fairy of 
the Desert, for my anxiety to please her is unceasing." So 
saying, he combed and powdered his hair, put a patch upon 
his cheek,^ and seeing on a table a suit of clothes more mag- 
nificent than his own, he dressed himself in them as quickly 
as possible. The Fairy reentered, so transported with joy, 
that she could not control it. "I appreciate," said she, 
"the pains you take to please me. You found the way 
without intending it. Judge then. Sir, if it will be a difl&cult 
task when you are anxious to do so." 

The King, who had his reasons for saying sweet things to 
the old Fairy, was not sparing of them, and by degrees ob- 
tained permission to take a daily walk by the sea-side. She 
had, by the exercise of her art, rendered that coast so dan- 
gerous that no pilots were sufficiently adventurous to approach 

(1) Mouehes. Patches made of small pieces of court plaister were at this period 
indispensahle to the appearance of a fine gentleman or lady. 




THE TELLOW DWABP. 295 

*lk> tbat she bad nothing to fear from the favour she had 

ited to her captive. It was, however, some comfort to 

to indulge in solitary musings, uninterrupted by the 

ce of his wicked gaoler. 

Aiter having strolled for some time on the sands, he stooped 

wrote the following lines in them with a cane which he 

At length I am at liberty to weep : 

My tears in torrents now uncheck'd may pour, 

And ease my labouring bosom's anguish deep. 

Alas f my love I shall behold no more. 

O thou that makest this rock -girted shore 

To mortals inaccessible ! dread Sea, 

Whose mountain billows as the wild winds roar : 

Now high as heaven, now low as hell, can flee ; 

Thy state, compared to mine, is calm tranquillity. 

Toute-belle ! O cruel destiny! For ver, 
 - Vor ever lost ! The idol of my heart ! 

Ye Gods, when dooming me from her to sever, 

Why bade ye not my life as well depart t 

Spirit of Ocean I whatsoe'er thou art  

If it be true that e'en beneath the wave 

Love hath the power to reach thee with his dart  

Rise from thy pearly grot, thy coral cave. 

And f^om despair a fond and faithful lover save. 

As he finished writing, be heard a voice which irresistibly 
attracted all his attention, and perceiving the tide rising in 
an extraordinary manner, he looked rapidly around him and 
saw a female of extraordinary beauty, whose body to the waist 
was covered only by her long hair, which, gently agitated by 
the breeze, floated upon the water. She held a looking-glass 
in one hand, and a comb in the other. Her form terminated 
in a long fish's tail, furnished with fins. The King was much 
surprised at so extraordinary an appearance. As soon as she 
was near enough to speak to him, she said, " I know the sad 
state to which you are reduced by the loss of your Princess, 
and by the extravagant passion which the Fairy of the Desert 
entertains for you. If you are willing, I will convey you 
from this fatal spot, where you may otherwise languish for 
more than thirty years longer." The King knew not how to 
reply to this proposal ; not that he wanted any temptation to 
escape from captivity, but that he feared the Fairy of the 
Desert had taken this form to deceive him. As he hesitated, 
the Sjren^ who could read hia thoughts, Ba\d, "T)oTio\*mr 



."1 



TUB YELLOW DWARF. 

'I 1 1 un If^ing K niKra for jou ; lam of too honest <( 
.* jM to Mrre row foee. The conduct of the Fairy of tk ' 
OlMrt )uk1 of ttte Yellow Dvarf has incensed me agaioH 
tkwB. I wo jotir aohappy Princess daily ; her beauty and 
9tti% t^milly sicita my compaasion, and I repeat to yon, if 
jrwu will Inn) coafidenoe in me, I will save you." " I have 
uoh pcrtvvt roufiddUM in you," said the King, " that I will 
tl whnlvTvr yuu vomnmad ; but as you have seen my ftin- 
gii% ynj gtira luu cumo news of her. " " We should lose too 
unk tuiM in wuverastioQ. here," said the Syreo. "Come 
tlk B I "ill convey you to the Steel Castle, and leave on 
A* l^Hi K 8pm Ku perfectly resembling you, that it shall 

Sh* hMMtliktoly cut seme sea-roshea, and making a lai^ 
>MM>B ff ttMB, hieir three limes upon tiiem, and said, " So- 
nukaik mj Mca^ 1 dnkr you to he stretched on the sand, 
MwM mMa^ wtil iha Fury of the Desert comes to take 
Vwt fttM," Ttw n>bn Iwvune covered with akin, and so 
\iU Ikv Kii^ <.^r tW Gvia Uine:^. that he had never seen so 
Ml^v^ -.' ;--i -."  ,;; They were dressed in clothes 

*\*'   r' CvHmtenance was pale and 

vi>u\i, :w if ho h.i.l Kvii Jivwiied. The friendly Syren then 
"iiv itiv' K;tii: \s( h[:ik!*'lf u[k>u her great fish's tail, and 
>!iMH i':,>v (*(v>i^;ih,\i the a?a t^'^rether with mutual aatisEiction. 
I "iU iww wiiiiuilv inf.ftu vou." slid the Syren, "that 
lv"i ;',' w;,'ke.l Velkiw Pwan'onmed off Toute-beUe, not- 
w the Wi'uad tis Kairy ot" the Desert had inflicted 
(iljwvd htr Ivhiad him on the crupper of his hor- 
^u*',x oat, :Jhe lost sn mv.v-a bKvxl, and was so terri- 
Uirence. tha; her strength feiled her, and 
.;r.u^ lie er.;ire joumer ; but the Yellow 
~ :-> givehsr the it*st assistance until he 
V,;s ti-rr.bJe S;^*! Palace. He was re- 
^y the -.:'.vs: beautiful Djmphs in the 
s-.js'.v.riiv. :h;;hiT. They emniated each 
j.'s* to stTve she Prinoess. She was put 
;^v ,;' wl-,;.'!! WHS cf cli."'ih of gt-ld, covered 
,w i-.vuts." -Hah:"' esclwued the 
s*k :v.ri~TT.irtin^ ihe Syren. " he has mar- 
i .;:;'!" "" Kc"" said she, -eomptee 
,' ,\.:i*;,;cy cif Toute-belle has preserved 



,n,u,wt! 



I THl TSSJUOfW BWABR 297 

F ber from the Tiolence of that hideooa dwart" '^ Proceed 
' then," and the King. ''What more have I to tell yout" 
; ooQDtiniied the Syren. ''She weM in the groTO when you 
; paaaedover il Sheaawyouwiththel^aizy oltheDeaert, who 
waa 80 diqgniaed that she appeared to the Prinoesa to poaaeBB 
greater beauty than heraelE Her deapair ia not to be oon- 
oeiTed. She beUeyea you love the Fairy." " She beUeves that 
1 love the Fairy 1 Just Heavenai** cried the King, "into what 
a fiital enor baa ahe fibUen, and what mnst I do to undeceive 
berf* '^Gonault your own hearty" replied the Syren, with 
a gradouB amile. " When we are deeply in love, we need no 
advice in anoh a matter." Aa she uttered these words^ they 
arrived at the Steel Caatk. The aide that &ced the sea waa 
the only part of it that the Yellow Dwarf had not fortified 
with those fbrmidable walls which burned everybody who 
approached them. 

'' I know well Plough,'* said the Syren to the King, " that 
Toute-belle ia beside the same fountain that you saw her 
seated near when you passed over the castle gardens; but as 
you will have some enemies to contend with before you can 
approadi her^ here is a sword, armed with which you may 
dare any encounter, and braye the greatest dangers; but be- 
ware that you never let it ML Adieu; I go to repose 
beneath the rock you see yonder. If you need my assistance 
to convey you and your <4r Vim^mj &rther, I ^ not 
&il you ; for the Queen, her mother, is my best friend, and it 
was for her sake that I came to seek you." So saying, she 
presented the King with a sword, made of a single diamond. 
The rays of the sun were less brilliant. The ng compre* 
bended all its value,' and miable to find terms in which to 
express his gratitude to the Syren, he implored her to supply 
his deficiency by imagining all that an honest heart was capa- 
ble of feeling, under such great obHgations. 

We must now say a word about the Fairy of the Desert. 
When she found her amiable lover did not return, she 
hastened in search of him. She went down to the sea-shore 
with an hundred maidens in her train, all bearing magnifi- 
cent presents for the King. Some carried large baskets filled 
with diamonds ; others golden vases of marvellous workman- 
ship ; many bore ambergris, coral, and pearls ; others 
ried on their heads bales of incouceiyably nc\i%\MSS&\ 



ftntm- 




O 
] 



-5  ' *?'''V - 



- =^:av -:^?su:i!sr 



.;^ir. 



7r*~:: 



fc. 



.11 



t'' 



THE YELLOW DWABF. 299 

his redoubtable sword, there was not one that he did not cut 
in half at a blow. He was in hopes he had surmounted the 
greatest obstacles, when a most embarrassing one presented it- 
Bal Twenty-four beautiful and graceful nymphs advanced to 
meet him with long garlands of flowers, wdch they stretched 
across his path to impede his progress. '^ Whither would 
you go, Sire 1 ** said they, '^ we are entrusted with the guardian- 
ship of these regions. If we permit you to pass, innumerable 
misfortunes will be&l both you and us. For mercy's sake do 
not persist in this resolution. Would you stain your vie- 
tofrious hand with the blood of twenty-four innocent maidens, 
irho haye never done anything to di^lease you)** The King 
at this sight stood amazed and irresolute. He did not know 
what course to take. He, who professed such extreme respect 
f<v the hir sex, and his eagerness to be their champion to the 
death on eveiy occasion, was in the present case about Uj 
destroy some of the fidrest ! But whilst he was hesitating, 
he heiu-d a voice which instantly determined him. " Strike ! 
strike!" said this voice to him, ''or thy Princess is lost to 
thee forever!" 

At these words, without uttering a syllable in reply to the 
nymphs, he rushed upon them, broke through their garlands, 
attacked them without mercv, and scattered them in a 
moment. This was the last obstacle he had to encounter. 
He entered the grove in which he had previously fseen I'oute- 
bella She was ybn.uA b&side the fountain, pftle and VdSenrtiL 
He accosted her treiLl. liiigiv. He would have thrown him- 
self at her feet : but she ed from him as hastily and indig- 
nantly as if he 1^ Ki the Yfcilow Dwarf " Cond^^mu t/jo 
not unhear-i. ^AsJi&ziir hhi'l Le. '' I am Xi^ither faitLleisg z^or 
guilty of aziT 'zuyrLXz^Usl wroi;g towards joy. I am an un- 
happy loTrr. v>o Lsk^ be^^^ oorfipellwi, deepzte hin^^'iL Vj 
offend vco,'  -.'" cruel Priioe." she excairrtei. ^'I saw t*:-^ 
sail thr:-ia:i. ile Silr -sritl a Ii.dT '.f eTtrioriiiiSLrr bi--tv: vrjA 
it desniic t : -ir^lf t : :: ii.aie t:Li: t -, T&i'e r "' - Ye* , Yt.u:^^J' 
repli&i l^ -i* k'l.% ien'^e n ;.-=:'.:; '^.e vlcx^ Yilrj ',* tLe 
Desert wa= i.:t -jar-ciei -i^:::.  ^- ' ' ;" zuz v, a r>:x, tie va.fT.ei 
me in a car *: :i:c 'A iLe ei.i-. '.f i-e v. rid- vLi^re J *jLv*-li 
still LaTc "iH.'uTL.-'ii^ei 11 '^-],:-v.-r, ''.:--\ f:r 'Le 'jLl'.:e:-/'.r 
aaostanoe :f s. i^:^ei.;TL: -rvre:! vji', 'r.-i.T ziA LriiKT. ^ 
oom^ iLT trju'ji^ i: ^iiii^::. j. - 1: vj. M*^ y-''^'-2 'A '-::^Si.^ 



 jr^^ wzT': . :i  iti -nrleiv at the sight oi 
..- -,:^- -J. - " .:i"*trarL't I the little mon 

-- j_ '-;-  '= .-  -; ired 'ip two giants, 

.^ -: : 15 ^i TtrtTcrs. " Xow," saii 

^ -..-^v;:- : T""- ? lite ; but I will spar 

'*" . . L.-.T* -:: puioe. provided 

__ -; :l :.--.:..- '  '.'ii. let me rathe 

"** -^ ; .:_-^.-. -r iZl*. T. ".'^s King. '' YoU 

"~* 4. ^. .'-Z..5S. "what can be i 

 " . . ,^   i^^i~ ' * Y ur becoming 

^  , , .,^- " :- -" \ :: :: can any h 

^ ;:. -.J :_:cr "iien.~ continued 

' ^ .... . L.- :. ' r~i^t me the con 

- -.- ' -: -j^:." said the Prii 

^ - - .r T-.ines." " Before 

"^ ... . -. ::t fvcs. will vou I 

_  ~ .-..:^-.  _:i will be hatef 

= .""tt'^- * V.ii shall not se 

~ ' .-;-.. r"~^ .2 '-'-' iangerous 

^-. . -^.. -.-riT? iii'i alirieks of T< 

' "* ** . .. - -... :.i:;Lr:. 'i Liid him dej 

" "" - i  .Tr her lover, fell i 

' " ^ ~. .1 hi'?. Tliuspcri 



THE nULOW DWARF. 801 

a misfortune^ oould obtain no other &your from Fate than 
the permission to change the two loyers into pahn-trees. 
Their two bodies^ so perfect during life^ became two beautiful 
trees; still cherishing a fidthful love for each other, they 
joined their branches in fond embraces^ and immortalised 
their passion by that tender union. 

Those who in danger on the ttonny m^n 
Vow heestombs to all the Gods they know, 
When safe on shore they And themselTes again, 
Not even near their altars care to go. 
All, whrat in peril, oaths are prone to take; 
But let the tragic tale of poor Tout4>eUe 
Warn ye no promise in yonr fear to make, 
Ton would not gladly keep when all ia welL 



GREEN-SERPENT. 



Once upon a time there was a great Queen, T^ho, on giviDg 
birth to twin daughters, invited twelve fairies, residmg in 
her neighbourhood, to come and see them, and endow them, 
as was the custom in those days,  and a very convenient 
custom too, for the power of the &iries generally made i^ 
the deficiencies of nature, though it certainly did sometLmes 
spoil what nature had done her best to make perfect. 

When the &iries had all assembled in the banquet cham- 
ber, a magnificent collation was served up to them. They 
were just seating themselves at the table, when Magotine 
entered the apartment. She was the sister of Carabosse, and 
no less malicious. The Queen shuddered at the sight of her, 
fearing some disaster, as she had not invited her to the 
entertainment; but, carefully concealing her uneasiness, she 
placed, herself, an arm-chair for the Fairy, which was covered 
with green velvet embroidered with sapphires. As Magotine 
was the eldest of the fairies, all the rest made way for her to 
pass, and whispered to each other, " Let us hasten, sister, to 
endow the little Princesses, so that we may be beforehand 
with Magotine." 

When the arm-chair was placed for her, she rudely said 
she would not have it, and that she was big enough to eat 
standing. But she made a mistake, for the table being rather 
a high one, she was not tall enough even to see over it ; and 
this annoyance increased her ill-humour. " Madam," said 
the Queen, " I beg you will take your seat at the table." " If 
you had wished me to do so," replied the Fairy, " you would 
have sent an invitation to me, as you did to the others ; but 
you would only have handsome persons at your court, with 
fine figures and fine dresses, like my sisters here. As for me 



GBIEN-SKBIENT 808 

im too ugly and too old; but, for all tbal I hure no leai 
wer than thej-^and, without boasting of it, I may perhaps 
,ye more." All the fEuries prened her ao mudi to ait down 
table, that at length aha consented. A golden basket was 
eused before them, containing twelye bouquets composed of 
virels. The fiedries who had arrived first, each took her 
uquet; so that there was not one left for Magotine, who 
gan to mutter between her teeth. The Queen ran to her 
binet, and brought her a casket of perfumed Spejush 
orocco, covered with rubies and filled with diamonds, pray- 
g her acceptance of it; but Magotine shook her head, and 
id to her, '' Keep your jewelcf, Madam; I have enough and 
spare. I only came to see if you had thought of me. Tou 
.ve neglected me shamefully." Thereupon she struck the 
ble with her wand, and all the dainties with which it was 
uled turned into fiicaseed serpents; at which the &iries 
ire all so horrified, that they flung down their napkins, and 
ft the table. 

Whilst they were talking together respecting the sad trick 
agotine had played them, that cruel little Fairy approached 
e cradle in which the Princesses were lying wrapped in 
eir swaddling clothes of cloth of gold, and looldng the 
veliest children in the world. '' I endow thee," said she 
pidly to one of them, *' with perfect ugliness." She was 
out to utter some malediction on the other, when the 
iries, iu great agitation, ran and stopped her; on which t* 
e mischievous Magotine broke one of the window-panes, 
id, darting through it like a flash of lightning, vanished 
3m their sight. 

All the good gifts which the benevolent fiedries could 
(Stow on the Princess were insufficient to alleviate the 
retchedness of the Queen, at finding herself the mother of 
e ugliest being in the universe. She took the infant in her 
ms, and had the misery to see it grow more hideous every 
stant. She struggled in vain to suppress her tears in pre- 
nce of their fairy ladyships; she could not prevent their 
)wing, and it is impossible to imagine the compassion they 
It for her. " What shall we do, sisters?" said they to each 
her; "what shall we do to console the Queen?" They held 
grand council on the subject, and, on its conclusion, told 
e Queen not to give way so much to gtiei, j^ \Xi"et^ "^ 



804 GB.EEN-SEEEENT. 

a time coming when her daughter would be yery happji 
''But," interrupted the Queen, ''will she become beautLfol 
again?" "We cannot give you any further informatioD,' 
replied the &iries. " Be satisfied, Madam, with the assuranee 
that your daughter will be happy." She thanked them Toy 
much, and did not neglect loading them with presents; for, 
although the fairies were very rich, they always liked people 
to give them something; and the custom has descended from 
that day to this, through all the nations of the earth, without 
time having had the least effect upon it 

The Queen named her eldest daughter Laidronette, and 
the yoimgest Bellotte. These names suited them perfectly; 
for Laidronette became so frightful, that, in spite of all her 
intelligence, it was not possible to look at her; while hx 
sister's beauty increased hourly, and her appearance nu 
altogether charming. The consequence was, that Laidronettie, 
having arrived at twelve years of age, went and threw henelf 
at the feet of the King and Queen, and implored them to 
permit her to go and shut herself up in the Lonely Castld 
that she might afflict them no longer with the conteni' 
plation of her ugliness. As, notwithstanding her hideoiu 
appearance, they could not help being fond of her, it was not 
without some pain they consented to let her depart ; hut 
Bellotte remained with them, and that was a sufficient con- 
solation. 

Laidronette beseeched the Queen to send nobody with her, 
but her nurse and a few officers to wait on her. " You need 
not be under any apprehension, Madam, of my being run 
away with," said she ; " and I can assure you that, being what 
I am, I would willingly avoid even the light of day." The , 
King and Queen acceded to her wishes, and she was con- 
ducted to the Castle she had chosen to reside in. It had 
been built many ages. The sea came in close under its 
windows, and served it for a canaL There was a large forest 
in the vicinity, to walk or ride in, and several meadows 
terminated the prospect. The Princess played various instru- 
ments, and sang divinely. She passed two years in this 
agreeable solitude, and even wrote in it some volumes of 
reflections; but the desire to see the King and Queen again 
induced her to take coach and revisit the Court She arrived 
just as they were about to celebrate the marriage of Bellotte. 



GBGEN-SEBPENT. dO& 

=^ ttie joy was universal ; but the moment they beheld Laidro- 
ette, everybody looked distressed. She was neither embraced 
r::^ tar caressed by any of her relations, and the only thing they 
-= kid to say to her was, that she had grown very much uglier, 
.. ind that they advised her not to appear at the ball ; but that 
' if she wished to see it, they would manage to find some hole 
. fcr her to peep through. She replied that she had come' 
j7 fliere neither to dance nor to hear the music; that she had 
. been so long in the Lonely Castle, that she could not resist quit- 
ting it, to pay her respects to the King and the Queen; that 
. iriie was most painfully aware they could not endure the sight 
of her, and that she would therefore return to her wilderness, 
where the trees, the flowers, and the fountains did not re- 
proach her with her ugliness, when she wandered amongst 
r them. When the King and Queen saw she was so much 
. hurt, they told her, with some reluctance, that she might stay 
two or three days with them ; but, as she was a girl of high 
feeling, she answered that it woidd give her more pain to 
leave them if she passed so much time in their good com- 
pany. They were too anxious for her departure, to press her 
to stay, and therefore coldly observed that she was quite 
ri^t. 

The Princess Bellotte, for a wedding gift, presented her 
with an old riband, which she had worn aU the winter in 
a bow on her muff, ^ and the king BeUotte was going to many 
gave her some zinzolin taffety ^ to make a petticoat with. If 
she is to be believed, she would willingly have thrown the 
riband and the rag of zinzolin in the &ces of the generous 
donors; but she had so much good sense, prudence, and 
 judgment, that she exhibited no ill-temper. So, with her 
fistithful nurse, she left the Court to return to her Castle, her 
heart so full of grief, that she never spoke a word the whole 
journey. 

One day, as she was walking in one of the most gloomy 
avenues in the forest, she saw at the foot of a tree a large green 
serpent,^ which, rearing its head, said to her : " Laidronette, 

(1) The muffs worn by persons of fashion at that period were ornamented with a 
bow of riband in front. 

(2) A mixture of silk and red worsted. Zinzolin by itself was much used in the 
working of tapestry. 

(3) From her description of the monster at page 307, it would appear that MAiixfiA 
D'Aulnoy adopted the word *erpent in the sense of tlie Genaaxv a^ o\^ "Sa^ 

Z 



808 GREEX-aXIPESIT. 

thoo ftii not the only unhappj creatnra Look at my horriUe 
form, and know that I ms bom handHomer even than thn 
irert " The PrinoeaB, greatly terrified, heard not one half of 
these irord& She fled finom the spot, and for many days did 
not Tentnre to leave the castle, so moch was ahe afiadd of 
meeting with soch another adyentoie. At kat^ weary of 
sitting alone in her chamber, she came down one ereniogi 
and walked on the sea-beach. She was pacing it slowlj, 
musing on her sad fiite, when she perceiyed sailing towartb 
her a little barque, gilt and painted all OTer with a thouflud 
Tsrious deyices. The sail was of gold brocade, the mast of 
cedar, the oars of eag^e-wood.^ It appeared to be driftingat 
random, and, coming close in shore, the PrinoeaB, curious to 
inspect all ita beautiful decorations^ stepped on board of it 
She found it fitted up with crimson yelyet, on a gold ground, 
the nails being aU diamonds. But suddenly the barque ms 
borne to sea again, and the Princess^ alarmed at the impendr 
ing danger, caught up the oars, and endeaToured to row hamk 
to the beach; but her efforts were in Tain. The wind rose^ 
and the waves ran high: she lost sight of land, and, percernng 
nothing round her but sea and sky, she resigned herself to 
her fiite, fully assured that it was little likely to be a happy 
one, and that this was another malicious trick of the Fairy 
Magotine. ** I must die,** she said, ** and wherefore this secret 
dread of death t Alas ! have I ever yet enjoyed any of those 
pleasures of life which might cause me to regret leaving itt 
My ugliness di^usts even my nearest relatives. My sister is 
a great queen, and I am consigned to exile in the depths of 
a wilderness, where the only companion I have foimd is a 
serpent who can speak. Is it not better I should perish, 
ih&a drag on so miserable an existence T* With these re- 
flections, she dried up her tears, and courageously looked out 
for the quarter from which death would come. She appeared 
to invite his speedy approach ; when over the billows she saw 
a serpent malung towards the vessel, and which, on nearing 
it, said to her : " If you were willing to receive some assistance 
from a poor green serpent like me, I am able to save your 



wonn. which is used indiilierentljfora dngon or a seriient, and as the fonner 
it has ben figured in the print to the Genera and Paris edition of the *' Cabinet 
des Fees," 17S5. I hare adhered to the woxd I found in the text, and leave the 
inference to the reader. 
(1) See note to page 179. 



GBEEN-SEBPENT. 307 

" ''Death is leas fri^tfol to me than thon art," exclaimed 
PrinceBB; ** and if thou seekest to do me some kindness, 
let me set eyes on thee again." The green serpent 
a long hiss (the manner in which serpents sigh), and 
..friihout answering a word, went immediately nnder water. 
. ^What a horrible monster!*' said the Princess to herself 
. ^ He has green wings, a body of a thousand colours, ivory 
. 4ftW8^^ fieiy eyes, and on his head is a bristling mane of long 
. tur. Oh, I would much rather die than owe my life to him ! 
Bnt^" continued she, " what motive has he in following me i 
end by what accident has he the power of speaking like a 
mtional being I** She was thus musing, when a voice, in 
answer to her thoughts, said to her : *' Learn, Laidronette, 
that Green-Serpent is not to be despised; and, were it not 
a harsh thing to say to thee, I might assure thee he is less 
hideous in the sight of his species than thou art in the eyes 
of thine. But, hx from desiring to annoy thee, our wish is 
to lighten thy sorrows, provided thou dost consent" This 
Toice greatly surprised the Princess, and the words it uttered 
appeared to her so unjustifiable, that she could not suppress 
her tears ; but a sudden reflection striking her, she exclaimed : 
" How is this ? Do I grieve to die, because I am reproached 
with my ugliness ) Alas ! should I not perish as certainly, 
Were I the handsomest person in the world 1 It should 
rather console me, and prevent my regretting the speedy 
termination of my existence." Whilst she thus moralized, the 
vessel, completely at the mercy of the winds, drifted on till it 
struck upon a rock, and went immediately to pieces. The 
poor Princess felt that all her philosophy could not support 
her in such an extremity. She caught at some pieces of the 
wreck, and clung, as she imagined, to them ; she felt herself 
supported in the water, and happily reached the shore at the 
foot of a great rock. Alas ! what was her horror, when she 
discovered that her arms were tightly locked round the neck 
of the green serpent ! Perceiving her dreadful terror, he 
retired a short distance from her, and said : " You would fear 
me less, if you knew me better; but it is my hard fate to 
terrify all who see me." With that he plunged into the 
waves, and Laidronette remained alone upon the rock, which 
soared to a prodigious height above her. 

(1) See note 3, page 305. 

x2 



308 OBEN-SERPNT. 

On whichever side she oast her eyes, she saw nothing to 
save her from despair. Night was approaching; she iros 
without food, and knew not where to go. '^ I thoiight,** said 
she, sadly, '' to perish in the ocean, hut here, doubtleaef, is the 
end reserved for me. Some sea-monster will come and devour 
me, or I shall die of hunger." She climbed up, and seated 
herself on the summit of the rock. As long as it was light, 
she gazed upon the ocean; and when it was quite dark, die 
took off her taffety petticoat, covered her head with it, and 
remained in trembling expectation of what might befid her. 
Sleep at length overpowered her; and presently she though 
she heard the music of several instruments. She was pe^ 
fectly persuaded that she was dreaming; but a moment after- 
wards she heard some one sing the following yersee, which 
seemed to have been composed expressly for her : - 

" Suffer Cupid here to wound thee, 
Here his gentle away we own ; 
Love with pleasure will surround thee, 
In this isle no grief is known." 

The attention she paid to these words had the effect of 
waking her completely. **What good or ill fortune now 
awaits me 1" she exclaimed. " Can there yet be happy days 
in store for one in my wretched condition?" She opened her 
eyes timidly, under the apprehension of seeing herself sur- 
rounded by monsters ; but what was her astonishment when, 
in place of the rude and terrible rock, she perceived an 
apartment, the walls and ceiling of which were entirely of 
gold. She was lying in a bed, which perfectly corresponded 
in its magnificence with the rest of this most splendid palace 
in the universe. She asked herself a hundred questions re- 
specting this extraordinary sight, not being able to believe 
she was wide awake. At length, she got up, and ran to open 
a glass door that gave access to a spacious balcony, from 
which she beheld all the beauties nature, assisted by art, 
could create upon earth. Gardens, filled with flowers, foun- 
tains, statues, and the rarest trees ; distant woods ; palaces, 
the waUs of which were ornamented with jewels, and the 
roofs composed of pearls, so wonderfully constructed that 
each was a masterpiece of architecture. A calm and smihng 
sea, covered with thousands of vessels, whose sails, pendants, 



OBJSiN-SBPNT. 809 

and streamers, fluttering in the breeze^ completed the charm 
of the prospect 

" Ye gods !  ^ye just gods !" exclaimed the Princess, " what 
do I behold ] Where am I ? What an astounding tranforma- 
tion ! What has become of the terrible rock, that seemed to 
threaten the skies with its lofty pinnstcles ? Can I be she who 
was shipwrecked last night, and saved by a serpent ?" She 
continued thus talking to herself  walking about, then stop- 
ping, perfectly bewildered. At length, she heard a noise in 
her apartment. She re-entered it, and saw advancing towards 
her a himdred Pagods,^ formed and dressed in a hundred 
different fashions. The tallest were about a cubit in height, 
and the shortest not above four inches,  some beautiful, 
graceful, and agreeable; others hideous, alarmingly ugly. 
Their bodies were of diamonds, emeralds, rubies, pearls, crys- 
tal, amber, coral, porcelain, gold, silver, brass, bronze, iron, 
wood, and clay; some without arms, others without feet, 
others had mouths extending to their ears, eyes all askew, 
broken noses ; in a word, there is not more variety amongst 
all the creatures that inhabit the world than there was 
amongst these pagods. 

Those who presented themselves before the Princess were 
the deputies of the kingdom. After an oration, which con- 
tained some very judicious reflections, they entertained her 
by the information, that for some time past they had travelled 
about the world ; but that, in order to obtain their sovereign's 
permission to do so, they to.ok an oath not to speak during 
their absence ; that some there were, indeed, so scrupulous, 
they would not even shake their heads, or move their hands 
or feet, but that the majority of them could not help it. 
That in this way they traversed the imiverse ; and when they 
returned, they amused the king by telling him everything 
that had occurred, even the most secret transactions and 
adventures in all the courts they had visited. " A pleasure, 
Madam," added one of the deputies, ** which we shall have the 
honour of occasionally affording you ; for we are commanded 
to neglect nothing which can entertain you. In lieu of 
bringing you presents, we now come to amuse you with our 

(1) Pagodes, the French name not only for Indian or Chinese temples, but for those 
figures, whether idols or not, which have movable heads. ** 11 remue lai t**** 
comme une 'Pagode," is a popular saying in the language. 



810 GBXEN-SEBmrn 

aongs anddanoea" They b^an immadiatelj. to nng the fot- 
lowing wordsy dancing at the same time a round, to the mnao 
of tamboorines and castagnets :  

"Swwt an pleatures aftr ptioa, 
LoTerti do not toeak your ehafni ; 
Tilalt though you may endiwa^ 
HappiMM they wiU eiuim. 
Sweet axe pleatniet after pains, 
JToy from aomnr luitre gdns." 

When they ceased dancing and singing; the. depaty.irho 
had been spokesman said to the Princess: " Here, ICadam, 
are a hundred pagodines, who have been selected to have.ths 
honour of waiting on you. Every wish you can ha^e in {be 
world will be gratified, provided you consent to lemiiii 
amongst us." Tlie pagodines appeued in their turn; tfaey 
carried baskets; proportioned to their own size, filled wiHi 
a hundred different artides, so pretty, so useful, so well mad^ 
and so costly, that Laidronette was never weary of aiJmfpjM 
and praising them, uttering exclamations of wonder aaa 
delight at all the marvels they displayed to her. The most 
prominent pagodine, who was a Httle figure made of db> 
mends, recommended her to enter the Grotto of the Bathfl^ as 
the beat of the day was increasing. The Princess proceeded 
in the direction indicated, between two ranks of body-guarch; 
whose forms and appearance were enough to make one die 
with laughter. 

She found in the grotto two baths of crystal, ornamented 
with gold, fiiU of scented water, so delicious and uncommoo, 
that ^e was perfectly astonished at it. The baths were under 
a pavilion of green and gold brocade. The Princess inquired 
why there were two. They answered, that one was for her, 
and the other for the King of the Pagods. " But where is be^ 
then V exclaimed the Princess. " Madam," they replied, 'f he 
is at present with the army, making war on his enemies. Ton 
will see him as soon as he returns." The Princess then in- 
quired if he were married. They answered, no 'j and that be 
was so charming, no one had ever yet been foipd worthy of 
him. She indulged her curiosity no further, but undreMed 
and entered the hath. AU the pagods and pagndines began 
immediately to sing and play on various instruments. Smne 
had theorboa made out ol nut-^^sSiilia  Qi>ik<^T^\^^i|^^ made 




OBEEN-SERPENT. 81 1 

at of almond-shells; for it was, of course, necessary that the 
inBtmments should be proportioned to the size of the per- 
formers. But everything was so perfect, and harmonized so 
completely, that nothing could surpass the delight experienced 
at their concerts. 

When the Princess came out of her bath, they presented 
her with a magnificent dressing-gown. Several pagods who 
played the flute and the hautbois marched before her, and a 
train of pagodines followed her, singing songs in her praise. 
In this state, she entered an apartment, where her toilet was 
Bet out. Immediately the pagodines in 'waiting, and the 
pagodines of the bed-chamber, bustled about, dbressed her 
Lair, put on her robes, praised her, admired her. There was 
no longer talk of her ugliness, of zinzolin petticoats, or greasy 
iiband& 

The Princess was truly astounded. "To whom can T be 
indebted for such extraordinary happiness?" said she to her- 
self " I was on the brink of destruction  I awaited death, 
and could hope for nothing else; and, notwithstanding, I sud- 
denly find myself in the most beautiM and magnificent place 
in the world, and where I am received with the greatest joy !" 
As the Princess was endued with great good sense and good 
nature, she conducted herself in such a manner that all the 
little creatures who approached her were enchanted at her 
behaviour. 

Every morning, at her levle, she was presented with new 
dresses, new lace, new jewels. It was a great pity she was so 
ugly ; but, notwithstanding, she who could not abide herself, 
b^^n to fancy she was less disagreeable, in consequence of the 
great pains they took in attiring her. She scarcely passed an 
hour without some pagods coming to visit her, and recounting 
to her all the most curious and private circimistances that 
occurred in the world. Treaties of peace, leagues offensive 
and defensive, treasons and quarrels of lovers, infidelities of 
mistresses, distractions, reconciliations, heirs disappointed, 
matches broken off, old widows remarrying very foolishly, 
treasures discovered, bankruptcies declared, fortunes made in 
a minute, favourites disgraced, place-hunters, jealous hus- 
bands, coquettish wives, naughty children, ruined cities; in 
short, what did they not talk of to amuse or interest the 
Princess ? She occasionally saw some pagoda, ^\iO -^et^ 



812 GKEEN-SEBIENTL 

exoeedinglj corpulent, and had such puM-out cheeio^ ^bat 
they were wonderful to look at When she asked them the 
cause, they answered : '^ As we are not permitted ta laug^ or 
to speak during our trayels^ and are constantly witnessing aH 
sorts of absurdities and almost intolerable follies^ our inoUna- 
tion to laugh is so great, that the suppression of it swells ns 
up, and causes what may properly be adled risible drop^, d 
which we cure ourselves as soon as we get home." The Prin- 
cess admired the good sense of the pagodine people ; for reallj 
we might be ready to burst with laughter, if we laughed at 
all the extravagancies we are daily beholding. 

There was scarcely an evening without a performaooe of 
one of the best plays of Comeille or Moliere. There were fre- 
quent balls. The most diminutive pagods danoed on the ti^it' 
rope, in order to be better seen. Finally, the banquets given 
to the Princess might have served for feasts at the greateBt 
solemnities. They brought her books of every descriptioo, 
serious, amusing, historical: in short, the days ran away hke 
minutes; although, to speak the truth, all these ingenious 
pagods appeared to the F^cess intolerably little, for it often 
happened that when she went out walking, she had to put 
some thirty or so into her pockets, in order to take care of' 
them. It was the most amusing thing in the world to hear 
the chattering of their little voices, shriller than those of the 
puppets in a show at the fair. 

It happened one night that the Princess not being able to 
sleep, said to herself, " What is to become of me 1 Shall 
I always remain here 1 1 pass my days more agreeably than 
I could have ventured to hope ; yet something is wanting to 
my heart. I know not what it is; but I begin to feel that 
this round of pleasures, unvaried by a single event, is rather 
insipid." "Ah Princess," said a voice, as in answer to her 
thoughts, '^ is it not your own fault ? If you would consent 
to love, you would soon know that it is possible to remain 
with a beloved object, not only in a palace, but in a frightfol 
.wilderness, for ages without wishing to leave it." 

"What pagodine speaks to me?" inquired the Princess. 
"What pernicious advice does she give me,  ^inimical to my 
future peace 1 " " It is not a pagodine," replied the voice, 
" "rho forewarns you of what will sooner or later occur. It is 

I unhappy sovereign of this realm, who adores you. Madam, 



0BXKN-8EEFKRT. 818 

tod wh6 oamiot tdl you 00 without trsmbEng." ^ A king 
who adoirai me " replied the FrinceBB. ** Has ^t king eyes, 
orisheblindf Can he know that I am the ugliest person in 
^le worid.** ** I httve seen yon. Madam," answered the in* 
iMde behi^ ^aad have not fonnd you what you represent 
yooradl Be it fin* your person, your merit, or your misfor- 
tunes^ I repeat^ I adore you; but my respectful and timid 
aflfection obliges me to conceal myBeUl" ^ I am indebted to 
you lor so doing," rqjoined the Princess; '' for alas, what would 
.be my &te should I love any one! ** ^ Tou would make the 
hi^piness of him who cannot live without you,* said the voice, 
** but he will not venture to appear before you without your 
permission.'* ^No, no," said te Princsss; ^'I would avoid 
seeing any olrject that mi^t too powerftilly interest me." 
The voice was silent^ and the Princess remained all the rest 
of the ni^t in deep meditation on this adventure. 

However she might have resolved not to say the least word 
to any one respecting it, she could not resist asking the 
pagods if their king had returned. They answered in the 
nqgativa This reply, so ill-agreeing with what she had heard, 
disturbed her. She continued her inquiries as to whether 
their king was young and handsome. They told her he was 
youngs handsome, and very amiable. She asked if they re- 
quently received intelligence of him. They replied, " Eveiy 
day." ^ But," added i^e, '^ does he know that I am in his 
palace? " ''Yes, Madtoi," answered her attendants, '' he knows 
everything that occurs here concerning you : he takes great 
interest in it, and every hour a courier is sent off to him with 
an account of you." She was silent, and became much more 
thoughtful than she had formerly been. Whenever she was 
alone, the voice spoke to her. Sometimes she was alarmed at 
it : but at others, she felt pleased; for nothing could be more 
polite than its language to her. " Although," said the Princess, 
** I have resolved never to love, and have every reason to 
defend my heart against an attachment which could only be 
fetal to it, I nevertheless confess to you that I should much 
like to behold a king who has so strange a taste ; for if it be 
true that you love me, you are perhaps the only being in the 
world who could be guilty of a similar weakness for a perison 
so ugly as I am." " Think of me whatever you pleasid, ^rf^-^* 
able Princess/' replied the voice. "1 ftnd m ^wa 



814 GKEEN-SEBPENT. 

a sufficient justification for my passion; nor is it from singih 
larity of taste that I conceal myself. I have xnotives w 
melancholy, that if you knew them you could not refrain 
from pitying me.*' The Princess then pressed the yoice to 
explain itself; but it ceased to speaksshe only heard long 
and heavy sighs. All these circumstances made her fery 
uneasy. Although her lover was imknown and inyisible to 
her, he paid her a thousand delicate attentions. Add to thia^ 
the beautiful place she was in induced her to desire wxMj 
more suitable to it than that of the pagods. She consequentlj 
began to feel tired and dull everywhere. The yoice of her 
invisible admirer alone had power to please her. Waking 
suddenly one exceedingly dark night, she found that some- 
body was seated beside her bed She thought it was the 
Pagodine of Pearls, who, having more wit than the others 
used sometimes to come and keep her company. The PrinoesB 
stretched out her arm to take hold of her; but the. person 
seized her hand, pressed it, kissed it, dropped some tean upon 
it, and was evidently too much affected to speak. She was 
convinced it was the invisible monarch. " What would you 
of me ] " said she to him, sighing. " Can I love you without 
knowing or seeing you ? " " Ah, Madam," replied he, ** by 
what conditions do you fetter the delight of obeying youf 
It is impossible for me to appear before you. The same wicked 
Magotine who has so illtreated you, has condemned me to 
suffer for seven years. Five have already elapsed : two yet 
remain, the misery of which you could entirely relieve by 
accepting me for your husband. You will think me a rash 
fool, and that I am asking an absolute impossibility ; but if 
you knew, Madam, the excess of my passion and the extent 
of my misfortunes, you would not refuse me the favour 
I implore of you." 

Laidronette, I have already told you, had began to feel 

very dull; she found the invisible king everything that could 

be most (farming in conversation, and love took possession of 

her hearty under the specious disguise of generous commiseni- 

^an. She replied, that she must be allowed some days to 

if itb It was a great thing to have brought her to 

\ few days to decide on a matter which he had 

io flatter himself she would ever listen to. The 

onoerts recommenced with increased splendour. 



QBXDV<-flKBmiT. 81S 

Nothing iras to be heaxd but hymenfial stndiub Presents 
were oontinuallj. brought her, saxpassmg all that had ever 
been aeen. The enamouxed yoioe aasiduoasly wooed her in 
the sweetest aooents, as soon as it was dark; and the Princess 
retired at an earlier hour, in order to have more time to 
listen to it. 

At length she consented to many the inTisible king, and 
gftTe him her promise that she would not attempt to see him 
till the ftill term of his penance had expired. *' It is of yital 
importance," said the King to her, '' both to you and to me. 
Any imprudent curiosity you mi^t indulge in, would entail 
on me a recommencement of my penance, and inyolye you in 
a like misfortune : but if you can resist the eyil counsels that 
will be given to you, you will have the satisfaction of finding 
me an your heart desures, and of regaining, at the same time, 
the marvellous beauty of whidi the malicious Magotine de- 
prived you." The Prinoesfl^ enraptured at this new hope, vowed 
a thousand times to her husband that she would indulge 
in no curiosity without his permission. So the nuptials took 
place without any public demonstrations; but the heart and 
the mind were not less gainers by that arrangeilient. 

As all the pagods were eager to amuse Iheir new queen, 
one of them brought her the history of Psyche, written in 
a charming style by one of the most popular authors of the 
day.^ She found in it many passages becuing a strong resem- 
blance to her own adventures, and it inspired her with such 
an anxiety to behold her &ther, mother, sister, and brother- 
in-law, that all the King could say to her would not suffice to 
combat this fancy. " The book you are readings" said he, 
'^ displays to you the misfortunes which befel Psyche. Oh, 
for mercy*s sake, profit by the warning, and avoid them !*' 
She promised more than he even required of her; and finally 
a vessel, manned by pagods, and laden with presents, was 
despatched with letters from Queen Laidronette to the Queen 
her mother, conjuring her to come and pay a visit to her 
daughter in her own dominions ; and the pagods who were 
charged with this mission were permitted, on this occasion 

(1) La Fontaine. His version of the classical story of Psyche was published in 
1669. Its great popularity caused it to be selected as the subject for a tragic ballet 
in five acts by Moli^re, and Pierre Corneille, first performed at CQ>xt\ Vci \^1^x^~ 
subsequent)^ in public, July 24, 167 U 



GBXBK-fllBnNT. 817* 

Bfod on tbis point; enli^ten jonndf on the matter, at you 
mtkj 10 ewdlj." The Queen SAid aa mndhi and her son-in-law 
till more. 

The poor Prinoes waa bo oonfuaed and so agitated, that, 
after having sent all her ftmily home, laden with presents, 
w^flk Boffidendy repaid the zinBolin taffety and the muf- 
ziband, she reaolyed, oome what would, to obtain a sight of 
hor husband. Oh, &tal curiosity, which a thousand fearful 
examples fidl to correct in us, how dearly art thou about to 
Odel tiiis unfortunate Prinoess i She would have thought it a 
great pity not to imitate her predecessor, Psyche; so i^e con- 
cealed a kmp in the same manner, and by the aid of its light 
gaaed upon the hitherto invisible king^ so dear to her heart 
But what frightfid shrieks did die not utter, when, instead of 
the tender Cupid, fiur, white, young, and CYcry way charming^ 
she beheld the horrible green serpent, with Mb long bristling 
mane. He awoke in a paroxysm of rage and despair. '* Cruel 
woman," cried he, '' is this the reward of so mudi affection )" 
The Princess heard him not  she had fidnted with terror; 
and the serpent in an instant was fitr away* 

At the disturbance caused by this tragical scene, some 
pagods ran to the spot; they carried the Princess to her 
couch, and gaye her every assistance. Imagination cannot 
paint the distress of Laidronette, upon returning to her 
senses. How did she reproach herself for the affliction she 
had brought upon her husband i She loved him tenderly, but 
she was horrified at his form, and would have cheerfully given 
half the remainder of her days never to hav^ seen him. 

But these spul reflections were interrupted by the entrance 
of some pagods into her chamber, with alarm in their coun- 
tenances. They came to inform her that several ships full of 
puppets, with Magotine at their head, had entered the har- 
bour, without meeting any resistanoe. The puppets and the 
pagods have been enemies from the earliest periods. They are 
opposed to each other in a thousand ways ; and the puppets 
enjoy the privilege of talking wherever tiiey go, which is 
denied the pagods. Magotine was their queen. Her hatred 
of poor Green-Serpent, and of the unfortimate Laidronette, 
prompted her to assemble her forces, with the intention to 
come and harass them at the moment they were in the 
greatest affliction. 



818 GREEN-SEBPENT. 

She SEOoceeded easily enough in her object; for the Qiifiea' 
"was in such despair, that, although they urged her to give the 
requisite directions, she excused herself on the plea that die 
knew nothing of the art of war. They called together, by her 
desire, such pagods as had been in besieged cities, or in the 
cabinets of the greatest commanders. She ordered them to 
see to eyerything, and went and shut herself up in her 
cabinet^ looking with an indifferent eye upon all the eyents 
of life. 

Magotine had for her general that celebrated puppet Pundi^ 
who Imew his business well, and who had in reserve a laige 
body of wasps, mayflies, and butterflies, who performed won- 
ders against some light armed frogs and lizards. The latter 
had been for many years in the pay of the pagods, and were, 
in truth, much more terrible in name than in action. 

Magotine amused herself for some time in witnessing the 
combat. The pagods and pagodines surpassed themselves in 
their exertions; but the Fairy, with a stroke of her wand, 
dissolved all their superb edifices. Those charming gardens, 
those woods, those meadows, those fountains were over- 
whelmed with their own ruins, and Queen Laidronette could 
not escape the sad &te of becoming the slave of the most 
malignant fidry that ever was or will be. Four or five hun- 
dred puppets forced her into the presence of Magotine. 
" Madam," said Punch to the Fairy, " behold the Queen of the 
Pagods, whom I have taken the liberty to bring before you." 
" She has been long known to mc," said Magotine. " She 
was the cause of my being insulted on the day she was bom, 
and I will never forget it." " Alas, Madam," said the Queen 
to her, " I believed you were sufficiently revenged. The gift 
of ugliness which you bestowed upon me in so supreme a 
degree might have satisfied any one less vindictive than you.** 
" How she argues ! " said the Fairy. " Here is a learned 
doctor of a new sort ! Your first employment shall be teach- 
ing philosophy to my ants. Prepare yourself to give them 
a lesson every day." ''How shall I set about it. Madam f** 
replied the afflicted Queen. '' I am ignorant of philosophy, 
kkL were I even well versed in it, are your ants capable of 
rf^mding it 1 " " Hear, hear this logician ! " exclaimed 
." Very well. Queen. You shall not teach them 
; but in spite of yourself you shall set the whole 



QBBGN-8EBSENT. 819 

fpald an example of patienoe which it will be difficcQt to 





ereapon she had brought to her a pair of iron shoes so 
that she couldn't get half her foot into either of them; 

notwithstanding that, she was compelled to put them on. 

poor Queen could only weep and suffer. ** Here ! " said 
tine, '^ there is a spindle fvJl of spider's web. I expect 

to spin it as fine as your hair, and I give you but two 
to do it in." '' I have neyer spun, Madam," said the 
Queen; ''but though what you desire appears to me to be 
Bpofi^ble, I will endeavour to obey yoiL" She was led im- 
msdiately into the depths of a very dark grotto, the entrance 
Id which was dosed with a great stone, after they had giyen 
her 8ome brown bread and a pitcher of water. 

In trying to spin this filthy spider^s web, she dropped her 
loo heavy spindle a himdred times. She had the patience to 
vUk it up again as many, and to b^in her work over again. 
Dot always in vain. " Clearly do I now perceive," said she, 
 tiie extent of my misery. I am consigned to the power of 
ihe implacable Magotine, who is not satisfied with having de- 
prived me of all my beauty,  she would find some pretext to 
kill me." She began to weep, recalling to her memory the 
happiness she enjoyed in the kingdom of Pagodia, and caisting 
away her spindle, exclaimed, " Let Magotine come when she 
will ! I cannot do impossibilities." A voice answered, " Ah 
Queen, your too imprudent curiosity has caused you these 
tears ; but one cannot see those suffer whom we love. I have 
a friend whom I have not mentioned to you before. She is 
called the Fairy Protectrioe. I trust she will be of great 
service to yoiL" Immediately she heard three taps, and with- 
out seeing any one, she found her web spun and wound into 
a skein. 

At the expiration of the two hours, Magotine, who was 
eager for a fray, had the stone rolled from the mouth of the 
grotto, and entered it, followed by a numerous train of 
puppets. ''Come, come, let us see," said the Fairy, "the 
work of this idle hussy, who neither knows how to sew nor to 
spin." " Madam," said the Queen, " it is quite true I did not ; 
but I was obliged to learn.** When Magotine saw the extra- 
ordinary result, she took the skein of spider's web, and said, 



820 GJOSES'SEXPEST, 

'^Verily, yon are too skilfal, it would be a great pity not to 
keep you employed. Here, Queen, make me some nets with 
this thread strong enough to catdi salmons in.* ** Nay, for 
mercy*s sake," replied the Queen, ^lemembor that it ig 
barely strong enough to hold flies." ''Ton are a grett 
casuist, my pretty Mend," said Magotine, ^ bat it will avail 
you nothing." She quitted the grotto, had the stone Re- 
placed at Uie mouth of it, and aasured Laidronette that 
if the nets were not finished in two hours, she was a lost 
creature. 

" Oh, Fairy Protectrice 1 " exclaimed the Queen, ''if it be 
true that my sorrows can move your pity, do not deny me ycm 
assistance." As she spoke, the nets were made. LaidionettB 
was extremely surprised. She thanked, with all hear hearty 
the friendly fairy who had conferred on her such a benefit, 
and thought with delight that it was undoubtedly her hus- 
band who had secured for her such a friend. '^ Alas^ Green- 
Serpent," said she, '^you are veiy generous, to continue to 
love me after the injuries I have done you." No reply was 
made, for Magotine entered, and was much astoniahed to find 
the nets so exceedingly well made, that no conunon handi 
were capable of executing such a work. '' What ! " she cried, 
" will you have the audacity to maintain that you have woven 
these nets ? " "I have no friend in your Court, Madam," said 
the Queen ; " and even if I had, I am so carefidly imprisoned 
that it would be difficult for any one to speak to me with- 
out your permission." "As you are so clever and skilful, 
you will be of great use to me in my kingdom," rejoined the 
fairy. 

She immediately ordered her fleet to be got ready for sea, 
and all the puppets to be prepared to go on board. She had 
the Queen heavily chained down, fearing that in some fit of 
despair she might fling herself overboard. One night as 
the unhappy Princess was deploring her sad fiite, she per- 
ceived, by the light of the stars, the green serpent, who 
quietly approached the vessel. " I am always afraid of alann- 
iog you," said he, "and despite the reasons I have for not 

r'ng you, you are infinitely dear to me." " Can you par- 
my imprudent curiosity ) " replied she, " and may I say 
to you without offence,  



0BEN-SBPNT< 821 

* Is it thou r Is it thou, lovt r Again art thou near f 
My own royal Serpent, so futhfUl and dear I 
Again dare I hope a fond husband I see f 
Oh, irhat have I suffered since parted from thee ! !' 

the serpent replied as follows :  

*' To hearts that love truly, to part is a pain, 
With Hope e'en to whisper of meeting again ; 
In Pluto's dark regions what torture abore 
Our absence for ever firom those whom we love V* 

Magotine was not one of those fairies who occasionally 
deep. The desire to do mischief kept her continually awake. 
She did not &il to overhear the conversation between the 
Serpent-King and his wife. She flew to interrupt it like a 
fiiry. " Aha ! " said she ; " you amuse yourselves with tagging 
rhymes, do you? and complain in heroics of your destiny? 
Truly, I am delighted to hear it. Proserpine, who is my 
best friend, has begged me to send her a poet on hire. Not 
that there is a dearth of poets below ; but because she wants 
more. Green-Serpent ! I command thee to go finish thy 
penance in the Shades, and to give my compHments to the 
gentle Proserpine." 

The unfortunate serpent departed, uttering prolonged 
hisses, leaving the Queen in the deepest affliction. She felt 
she had no longer anything to care for. In her paasion she 
exclaimed, " By what crime have we offended thee, Magotine? 
I was scarcely bom when thy fiendish malediction robbed me 
of my beauty and rendered me horrible. Canst thou accuse 
me of any crime, when I had not at that time attained the 
use of reason? when I did not know myself? I am convinced 
that the unhappy King, whom thou hast just consigned to 
the infernal regions, is as innocent as I was. But finish thy 
work. Give me instant death. It is the only favour I ask 
of thee." " Thou wouldst be too happy if I granted thy 
prayer," said Magotine. "Thou must first draw water for 
me from the bottomless spring." 

As soon as the ships had reached the kingdom of puppets, 
the cruel Magotine took a millstone, and tied it round the 
Queen's neck, ordering her to ascend with it to the summit 
of a mountain which soared high above the clouds. When 
there, she was to gather four-leaved trefoils enough to fill 
a basket, and then she was to descend into the d^^tVi% Q>i ^Jc^a 

Y 



822 OBEEN-SEKFENT; 

valley, to draw the Water of Discretion in a pitcher with a hole 
in the bottom of it, and to bring her as much as would fill 
her large glass. The Queen told her it was out of her power 
to obey her : that the millstone was more than ten times her 
own weight; that the pitcher with a hole in it could never 
retain the water she wished to drink; and that she could not 
resolve to attempt anything so impossible. ** If thou doet 
not/' said Magotine, '' rest assured thy Green-Serpent shall 
suffer for it.'* This threat so frightened the Queen, that 
without considering her weakness, she endeavoured to walk; 
but, alas ! the effort woidd have been idle, if the Fairy Pro- 
tectrice, whom she invoked, had not come to her assistance. 
'^ Behold," said the Fairy to her, " the just punishment of 
your &tal curiosity. Blame no one but yourself for the 
state to which Magotine has reduced you." So saying die 
transported her to the top of the mountain, and filled her 
basket for her with four-leaved trefoils, despite the terrible 
monsters that guarded the spot, and made supematnnd 
efforts to defend it; but were rendered more gentle than 
lambs by one tap of the wand of the Fairy Protectrice. 

She waited not for the grateful Queen to thank her, before 
she completed her good offices as far as it laid in her power. 
She gave her a little car drawn by two white canary-birds, 
who spoke and whistled to admiration. She told her to de- 
scend the mountain, and to fling her iron shoes at two giants 
armed with clubs who guarded the fountain, who would 
thereupon fall senseless ; that she must then give her pitcher 
to the little canaries, who would easily find means to fill it 
with the water of Discretion ; that as soon as she was in pos- 
session of it, she should wash her face with it, and she would 
become the most beautiful person in the world. She also 
advised her not to remain at the fountain, nor to reascend 
the hill, but to stop in a very pleasant little grove she would 
find on her road; that she might remain there for three 
years, as Magotine would only imagine that she was endea- 
vouring to fill her pitcher with water, or that she had fidlen 
a victim to some of the other perils of the journey. 

The Queen embraced the knees of the Fairy Protectrice, 
and thanked her a himdred times for the special fiEivours she 
had conferred on her. " But," added the Queen, " neither the 
000668 I may achieve, nor the beauty. Madam, which you 



.GSEEN-flBBSINT. 828 

ftvaam me, can give me the least pleasure, mitil my serpent 
V unaerpented.'* ^ That will not be till after you havd paissed 
tae0. yean in the monntaugi grove," said the Fairy, ''and 
bMre j^tumed to Magotine with the trefoib naA tiie vater in 
Ibe leal^ pitcher." 

: The Queen promised the Fwiy Proteotrioe she would 
Manqyulously follow her directions. '' But^ Madam," she added, 
Kidiall I be three years without hearing tidings of ing-Ser- 
pant ) " '' You deserve never to hear of him again as long as 
jroa live ; fbr can anything be more shocking than to have 
oaxed him to recommence his penance 9 " The Queen made 
90 reply,  the tears that flowed down her cheeks, and her 
Uence, sufi&ciently proved the pain she suffered. She got into 
ber little oar; the canary-birds did their duty, and conducted 
ber to the bottom of the valley, where the giants guarded 
the fountain of Discretion. She quickly took off her iron shoes, 
and threw them at their heads. The moment the shoes 
touched them, they fell lifeless as colossal statues. The 
oanaries took the leaky pitcher, and mended it with such 
wonderful skill, that there was no appearance of its having 
ever been broken. The name given to this water made her 
anxious to drink some of it *' It will make me," said she, 
^ more prudent and more discreet than I have been. Alas, 
if I had possessed those quaUties I should still be in the 
kingdom of Pagodia." After she had drunk a long draugl^ 
of the water, she washed her aoe with some of it, and became 
so beautiful  so beautiful, you would have taken her rather 
for a goddess than a mortal 

The Fairy Protectrioe immediately appeared, and said to 
her, " You have just done that which has pleased me exceed- 
ingly. You knew that this water could embellish your mind 
as well as your person. I wished to see to which of the two 
you would give the preference, and it has been to yomr mind. 
I laud you for it, and this act will shorten the term of your 
punishment by four years." " Diminish none of my suffer- 
ings," replied the Queen; "I deserve them all; but comfort 
Green-Serpent, who deserves none of his." '* I will do all in 
my power," s&id the Fairy, embracing her ; " but since you are 
now so beautiful, I desire you will drop the name of Laidro- 
nette, which no longer suits you ; you must be called Queen. 
Discrete." So saying she vanished, leaving the Q^Meeu b -^j 

t2 



824 GRN-SBFNT. 

of little shoes, so pretty and so nicely embroidered, that she 
thought it almost a pity to wear them. 

When she had re-entered her car, with her pitoher fnU d 
water, the canaries flew with her straight to the GroYO of the 
Mountain. There never was a more agreeable spot. Tbe 
myrtle and orange-trees interlaced their branches to film 
long covered walks and bowers, into which the sun oould not 
penetrate. A thousand rills^ from gently-flowing fountain^ 
shed a refreshing coolness through this beautiful abode ; bat 
what was most curious, all the animals in it spoke, and gm 
the warmest welcome in the world to the little canaries. ^ We 
thought you had deserted us," said they. **The term of <mr 
penance is not yet completed,*' replied the canaries; ** but hen 
is a Queen whom the Fairy Protectrice has ordered us to 
bring to you. Take all the pains you can to amuse her." 
She was immediately surrounded by all sorts of animaliy who 
paid her their best compliments. " You shall be our Queen," 
said they to her: ^'you shall find no attention or respect 
wanting on our parts." " Where am IV she exclaimed. **Bjr 
what supernatural power are you enabled to speak to mef" 
One of the little canary birds, who had remained beside her, 
whispered in her ear, " You must know, Madam, that several 
feiries being on their travels, were distressed to see persons 
fall into bad habits. They at first imagined it would be 
sufficient to advise them to correct themselves, but their 
warnings were in vain, and, becoming at length quite vexed 
with them, they imposed penances upon them. Some who 
talked too much they changed into parrots, magpies, and hens; 
lovers and their mistresses they transformed into pigeona, 
canary birds, and lap-dogs; those who ridiculed their friende, 
into monkeys; gormandizers, into pigs; and passionate people 
into lions. In short, the number of persons they made to do 
penance was so great that this grove is full of them, and yon 
wiU therefore find in it folks of all qvLaWties and humouia.^ 
 From what you have just told me, ^j dear little canary, 
JHid the Queen, "I have reason to b^^^e^e tliat you are hew 
beoaoBe you were too loviix^  '' 1^  5^^ *^ 
 lplied the canary. I ^^the son o a Spanwh 

Win our coiitry ba^^^.v ^^^^^V^ ^^^L t\ 

* one eamiot risiBi:. TV^^^ '""'^Iirit J 

ion. An English ^^^^^x^^^^^^ 



^\^^ 



GBEEN-SEBPENT. 325 

eonrt. He had a daughter who was extremely beautiful, but 
insupportably haughty and satirical. Notwithstanding this, 
I was caught by her ; I loved her to idolatry. Sometimes she 
aeemed touched by my attentions, and at others repulsed me 
with such disdain that I lost all patience with her. One day 
that she had exasperated me, a venerable old woman accosted 
me, and reproached me for my weakness; but all she could 
aaj to me only made me more obstinate ; she perceived it, 
ikL became angry. 'I condemn thee,* said she, 'to be a 
canary bird for three years, and thy mistress to be a wasp.' 
Instantly I felt a change take place in me of the most extia- 
ordinaxy description. Despite my affliction, I could not for- 
bear flying into the Ambassador's garden, to ascertain what 
was the &te of his daughter. But I had hardly arrived there 
when I saw her approach in the form of a large wasp, buzzing 
four times louder than any other. I hovered roimd her with 
the devotion of a lover, that nothing can destroy. She tried 
seyend times to sting me. 

"'Would you kill me, beautiful wasp?' said I. 'It is 
mmeoessary you should use your sting. You have but to 
command me to die, and I will obey you.' The wasp made 
no answer. She alighted on some flowers, that had to endure 
her ill-temper. 

^ Overwhelmed by her contempt, and the situation to which 
I was reduced, I flew away without caring whither my wings 
would take ma I arrived at length at one of the most 
beautifol cities in the universe, and which they call Paris. I 
was weary; I flung myself on a tuft of large trees, enclosed 
within some walls, and before I knew who bad caught me, I 
found myself behind the door of a cage, painted green, and 
orna ment ed with gold. The apartment and its furniture 
ware of a magnificence that sivprised me. A young lady 
oame immediately and caressed me, and spoke to me so 
sweetly that I was charmed with her. I was not long a resi- 
dent in her chamber without learning the secret of her heart 
I saw a sort of Matamore^ visit her, who was always in a rage 
that nothi]^ could appease, and who, not contented with un- 

''^ -^ ^^fcet of Spaniflh origin, rignifying literally, "aMoorkUler," but applied 
y * "~^ ^jr, or professed duellist the old English "swash-buckler" and 



826 GRESN-SERPEKT. 

unjusUy accusing her, beat her till he left lier for dead in the 
arms of her women. I was not a little afflicted to see hear 
snfifer this unworthy treatment, and what distressed me still 
more was, that the blows he dealt her seemed to have the 
power of increasing the affection of tluit lovely lady. 

" Night and day I wished that the fairies who had obai^ed 
me into a ciemary bird would come and set to rights such ill- 
assorted lovers. My desires were at length folfiUed. The 
fitiries suddenly appeared in the apartment just as the furioiti 
gallant began his usual uproar. They loaded him with re- 
proaches, and condemned him to become a wol As to the 
patient person who had allowed him to beat her, they tamed 
her into a ewe, and sent her into the Grove of the Mountain. 
With respect to myself I easily found means of escapa I 
wished to see the various courts of Europe. I flew into Italy, 
and fell into the hands of a man who, having frequent bun- 
ness in the city, and not choosing that his wife^ <^ whom he 
was very jealous, should see any one in his absence, took caie 
to lock her up from morning till night, so that to me iras 
accorded the honour of amusing this lovely captive; but she 
had other occupation tlmn attending to me. A oertain 
neighbour, who had long loved her, came in the evening to 
the top of the chimney, and slid down it into the room, look- 
ing blacker than a devil. The keys which the jealous hus- 
band had charge of, served only to keep his mind at ease. I 
was constantly fearing some fatal catastrophe, when one day 
the fairies entered by the keyhole, and not a little surprised 
the two lovers. * Go and do penance!' said the fairies, touch- 
ing them with their wands. * Let the chimney sweeper become 
a squirrel, and the lady an ape, for she is a cunning one ; and 
the husband, who is so fond of keeping the keys of his house, 
become a mastiff for ten years.' 

" It would be too much to tell you," added the canary, "all 
the various adventures I met with. I was obliged occasion- 
ally to visit the Grove of the Mountain, and I rarely Tetumed 
to it without finding fresh animals, as the &iries continued to 
travel, and were incessantly irritated by the numberless faults 
of mankind ; but during your residence here, you will have 
time enough to divert yourself by listening to the recital of 
all the adventures of the inhabitants." Several of them 



QREEN<-SKPNT 327 

irnxnid^ately offered t6 relate theii^ whenever she pleased. She 
thanked them very politely, but as she felt more mclined to. 
muse than to talk, she sot^t a retired spot, where she oould 
remain alone. As soon as she hd fixed on one, a Uttle 
palace arose in it, and the most sumptuoiis banquet in the 
world was served up to her. It consisted only of fruits, but 
they were of the rarest description ; they were brought to her 
by birds, and during her stay in the grove she wanted for 
nothings 

There were entertainments occasionally, which pleased her 
more from their singularity than anything else. Lions were 
seen to dance in them wiik lambs; bears whispered tender 
things to doves, and serpents softened for linnets. A but- 
terfly mi^t be seen courting a panther ; in short, there was 
no classification of species, for it was not that one was a tiger 
and another a sheep, but simply that they were persons whom 
the fisuries had chosen to pumsh for their &ult8. 

They all loved Queen Discrete to adoration. Every one 
made her their umpire in any difference. Her power was 
absolute in this little republic, and if she had not continually 
reproached herself as the cause of Green-Serpent*s misfortunes, 
s^ might have borne her own with some degree of patience; 
but when she thought of the state to which he was reduced, 
she coidd not forgive herself for her imprudent curiosity. The 
time having arrived for her to leave the Grove of the Moun- 
tain, she gave notice of it to her little conductors, the faithful 
canaries, who promised her a happy return. She left secretly 
in the night-time, to avoid the leave*takings and lamentations 
wiiich would have cost her some tears, for she was afifected by 
the friendship and respect which all these rational animaJa 
had testified for her. 

She forgot neither the pitcher full of the water of Discretion, 
nor the iMisket of trefoil, nor the iron shoes ; and at the mo- 
ment when Magotine believed her to be dead, she presented 
heradf suddenly before her, the mill-stone round her neck, the 
iron shoes on her feet, and the ptcher in her hand. The 
Fairy, at sight of her, uttered a loud cry, and then inquired 
whence she came. '< Madam," said the Queen, "I have 
passed three years drawing water in the broken pitcher, at 
the end of which time I found the way to make it hold water.*' 



S28 GBEEN-SERFENT. 

Magotine burst into a fit of laughter, thiTikii^ on iSie fittigiid 
the poor Queen must have undergone; but, looking at her 
more attentivdyy ^What's this I see!** she ezdaimed. 
^ Laidronette has become quite lovely 1 How came yon by 
this beauty?" The Queen informed her that she had waBhed 
herself witii the water of Discretion, and that this miracle had 
been the consequence. At these tidings Magotine dashed the 
pitcher on the ground. '^Oh, thou power that defiest me!" 
she exclaimed, ''1 will be reyenged. Qet your iron shoes 
ready,** said she to the Queen. ^ You must go for me to the 
infernal regions, and demand of Proserpine the 2ssenoe of Icmg 
life ; I am always afraid of idling sick, and perhaps dying ; 
when I am possessed of that antidote, I shall have no more 
cause for alarm. Take care, therefore, you do not uncork 
the bottle, nor taste the liquor she gives you, or you will 
diminish my portion.** 

The poor Queen had never been so astonished as she was 
by this order. *' Which is the way to the infernal regionsf ** 
said she. ''Can those who go to them retnmf Aha, 
Madam, will you never weary of persecuting mef Under 
what luckless star was I bom I My sister is much happier 
than I. It must no longer be thought that the constelk^ons 
are equally favourable to everybody." She b^an to' weep, 
and Magotine exulting at the sight of her tears, laughed 
loudly, and cried, '' Go ! go ! Do not delay a moment your 
departure on a voyage frt>m which I shall reap so much grati- 
fication.** She filled for her a wallet with old nuts and black 
bread, and with this handsome provision the poor Queen 
started, determined to dash her brains out against the first 
rock she came to, and terminate her sorrows. 

She walked for some time at random, now turning one way 
and now another, and thinking it was a most extraordinary 
affidr to be thus sent to the infernal regions. Wh^i she was 
tired, she laid down at the foot of a tree, and began to think 
of the poor serpent, forgetting all about her own journey, 
when suddenly ^ beheld the Fairy Protectrioe, who said to 
her, " Know you not, beautiful Queen, that to leleaae your 
husband from the shades in which the commands of Magotine 
detain him, it is neceasaiy you should seek the home oi Pro- 
aupinel** I would go much further, if it were 



GflEN-SRPENT. 829 

MHdam,** xeplied she; ''but I do not know the way by which 
I can descend into that dark abode." " Hold/' said the Fairy 
Ftotectrice. ** Here is a green branch ; strike the earth with 
ity and repeat these lines distinctly." The Queen embraced 
the knees of this generous friend, and then said after 
her: 

** Tbon who canst irrest from mighty Jove the thunder ! 

Love, listen to my prayer 1 

Come, save me from despair, 
And calm the pangs that rend my heart asunder ! 
Be to the realms of Tartarus my guide. 
E'en in those drear abodes they own thy sway. 
Pluto for Proserpine, thy subject, sigh'd ; 
Open for me then to their throne the way ; 
A fiuthftil husband from my arms they tear ! 
My fate is harder than my heart can bear ; 

More than mortal is its pain ; 

Yet for death it sighs in vain ! ** 

She had scarcely finished this prayer, when a young child, 
more beautiful than anything we can behold, appeared in the 
midst of a gold and azure cloud. He flew down at her feet ; 
a crown of flowers encircled his brow. The Queen knew by 
his bow and his arrows, that it was Love. He addressed her 
thus:  

" I have heard thy tender sighs, 
And for thee have left the skies ; 
Love will chase thy tears away, 
All for thee wHl Love essay. 
Shortly shall thine eyes be blest 
With his sight thou lovest best ; 
And the penance that shall be 
Of thy cruel enemy.** 

The Queen, dazzled by the splendour that surrounded Love 
and delighted at his promises, exclaimed, 

** Down to the realms of woe, 
I'll fearless follow thee; 
Bliss even there to know, 
If there my love I see." 

Love, who rarely speaks in prose, struck the earth three 
times, whilst he sang^ in the most enchanting manner, these 
words:  

** Earth! my voice obey ! 
The power of Cupid own ! 
Ope for Love the way 
To Pluto*s gloomy thnme!" 



880 OHN-SEPNT. 

The eftrth obeyed. She opened her bosom ; aad by a daik 
passage, in which the Queen needed a guide as brilliaiit as he 
who had taken her under his protection, she rqached the 
infernal regions. She dreaded meeting her husband in them 
under the form of a serpent; but Love, who sometimes 
employs himself in rendering good offices to the unfortunate^ 
having foreseen all that was to be foreseen in the matter, had 
already ordered that Green-Serpent should become what he 
was previous to his penance. Powerful as Magotine was, 
alas, what could she do against Love) The oonsequenoe was, 
that the first sight that met the Queen's eyes was that of 
her amiable husband. She had never beheld him in such 
a charming form, and he had never seen her as beautiful as 
she had become; but notwithstanding this, a presentiment, 
and perhaps Love, who made a third in the party, caused each 
of them to guess who the other was. The Queen said to him, 
with extreme tenderness,  

** I come to share thy priBon and thy pain ; 
Though doom'd no more the light of Heavea to see. 
Here let but Love unite our hearts again, 
No terrors these sad Shades will have for me ! " 

The King, transported by the violence of his passion, said, 
in reply to his wife, everything that could prove his ardour 
and delight; but Love, who is not fond of losing time, 
pressed them to approach Proserpine. The Queen gave 
Magotine's compliments to her, and requested she would 
entrust her with the Essence of long life. It was the watch- 
word between these good people. Proserpine immediately 
gave the Queen a phial very badly corked, in order to induce 
her to open it. Love, who is no novice, warned the Queen 
against the indulgence of a curiosity which would again be 
&tal to her; and quickly leaving those dreary regions, the 
King and Queen returned to the light of day. Love would 
not abandon them. He led them back to Magotine, and that 
she might not see him, he hid himself in their heart& His 
presence nevertheless inspired the fairy with such humane 
sentiments, that although she knew not the reason, she re- 
^ these illustrious unfortunates very graciously. With 
latural effort of generosity she restored to them the 



fr 






1 




GREEN -SERPENT. 




S31-^ 


fdotn of Pagodia. They returned to it immediately, and 
ed the rest of their dciya ia as much happiness as they 
previously endured of^ictions aud uuiieties. 




A .-cftl -hich naj himfu] be. 
Wby ohnDld >ii esk Id knoK I 








ThE i-=kne3, 'li. =r w.pkinS, 








From wbiiid Fiodoia u d'[ftl'd. 
And Psyche imilsiBd. 








Eoch, tpile of wamtng, on the iime 








" Thl'feW T^ ^"t"" 








PjTchc'i oiamplo tall'd to me 








The proycrb jayi, EiporieiiM 
Can tender wiie e'en fool. ; 








Hut when of our own enoti pil, 
Iieitliepto.erbli. 







THE PRINCESS CAEPILLON. 



There was an old king, who, to console himself for a long 
widowhood, married a beautiful princess, with whom he was 
very much in love. By his first wife he had one son, who was 
crooked and who squinted, and was very much vexed at his 
father's marrying a second time. '^ Being an only son/' said 
he, ''makes me both loved and feared; but if the young 
queen should have children, my fitther, who can dispose of his 
kingdom, will not consider that I am the eldest : he will dis- 
inherit me in their ^your." He was ambitious, full of malice 
and dissimulation; so much so, that without showing his 
xmeasiness, he went secretly to consult a fairy, who was con- 
sidered the cleverest in the world. The moment he appeared, 
she guessed his name, his rank, and what he wanted. '' Prince 
Bossu," said she  ^thus he was named  " you have come too 
late: the Queen will have a son. I will not harm it; but 
should it die, or any accident happen to it, I promise you 
that I will prevent there being any other." This promise 
slightly consoled the humpback. He entreated the fairy to 
remember him ; and resolved within himself to do some mis- 
chief to his little brother as soon as he was bom. At the 
end of nine months the Queen had a son, the handsomest in 
the world; and they remarked, as an extraordinary thing, 
that he had the figure of an arrow imprinted upon his arm. 
The Queen loved her child so much, that she would nurse 
it herself; which annoyed Prince Bossu exceedingly, for 
the care of a mother is greater than that of a nurse, and it 
is much more easy to deceive the one than the other. 
However, the humpback, who was solely bent on gaining 
"^ evinced so much affection for the Queen, and love 



THE PRINCESS CABFILLON, 888 

for the little Prince, that the King was delighted. '' I should 
never have thought/' said he, ^'mj son was so good-natured; 
and if he continue so, I shall leave him a portion of *my 
kingdom.'* 

 ^ese promises were not sufficient for the humpback,  ^he 
-would have all or none ; so one night he presented the Queen 
with some sweetmeats that had opium in them. She went to 
sleep; immediately the Prince, who had hidden himself be- 
hind the tapestry, softly took the little Prince, and put in his 
place a large cat, enveloped in swaddling clothes, that the 
rockers might not perceive the thefb. The cat squalled, the 
rockers rocked: at last it made such a racket, that they 
thought it was hungry. They awoke the Queen, who, still 
overpowered with sleep, and thinking she had hold of her 
dear baby, began to suckle it ; but the savage cat bit her : 
she screamed out, and looking at it, what was her horror when 
she saw a cat's head instead of her son's I Her grief was so 
intense, that she thought she should die upon the spot. The 
Queen's ladies disturbed the whole palace by their screams. 
The King put on his dressing-gown, and ran to the Queen's 
apartments. The fii-st thing he saw was the cat, in the 
swaddling clothes of cloth-of-gold, worn usually by his infant 
son. They had thrown it on the ground, where it was squall- 
ing wonderfully. The King was much alarmed, and inquired 
what it meant. They told him that they knew nothing at 
all about it, but that the little Prince was not to be seen, 
that they sought for him in vain, and that the Queen was 
much hurt. The Bang entered the Queen's bedroom : he 
found her in sad affliction, and not wishing to increase it by 
his own, he did violence to his feelings to console this poor 
princess. 

In the meanwhile the humpback had given his little 
brother to one of his own people. " Carry him to a distant 
forest," said he to him, " and leave him quite naked in the 
most exposed situation, that the wild beasts may devour 
him, and we may never hear any more of him. I would 
carry him there myself, so much do I fear you will not 
strictly execute my orders; but I must appear before the 
King : go, then, and be sure that if I should reign, I shall 
not be ungrateftil." He put the poor child himself into the 
covered basket; and as he was accustomed to ion^^^s^vo^^^ 



884 THE PBINCES8 CJLRFILLCnf. 

in&nt already knew him, and smiled at him, but the meni- 
less humpback was less moved by it than a rook. He vent in- 
stantly into the Queen's chamber half-dressed, from being in so 
much haste, he said. He rubbed his eyes, as if scarcely awaken 
and when he learned the sad news of his stepmother^e injcny, 
of the loss of the Prince, and saw the cat in the swaddling 
clothes^ he uttered such sad cries, that they were as maflh 
occupied in consoling him, as if he really had been greatly 
afflicted. He took the cat and wrung its neck with a fiarooily 
that was quite natural to him, but which he made them 
believe was excited by the mischief the animal had done to 
the Queen. Although he was notoriously wicked enou^ to 
perpetrate such a deed, no one suspected him of being the 
culprit,  ^his guilt was so artfully concealed by hie fiaigned 
affliction. The King and Queen felt quite gratefiil to this 
wretch, and commissioned him to send to all the fiuries^ and 
find out what had become of their child. 

Impatient to put an end to their researches, he brought 
them several different and very enigmatical answers^ that all 
tended to the same point :  ^that the Prince was not dead,  
that he had been taken away for a time for some insorutahle 
reason,  ^that he would be restored to them, perfect in every 
respect,  aud that they should seek him no longer, as it 
would be only labour in vain. He imagined that by suoh 
answers he should keep them quiet; and he was right in his 
conjecture. 

The King and Queen flattered themselves they would one 
day see their son again ; in the meanwhile the bite that the 
cat had given the Queen proved so venomous, that she died 
of it, and the King, overwhelmed with grief, shut himself up 
for a whole year in his palace. He expected still to have 
news of his son, and expected in vain. 

The man who took the child away walked all night without 
stopping; when moiiiing began to dawn, he opened the 
basket, and the sweet infant smiled at him, as he used to do 
at the Queen when she took him in her arms. " Oh, poor 
little Prince," said he ; " how unfortimate is thy destiny ! Alas, 
thou art to be food, like some gentle lamb, to a fiimishing 
lion 1 Why did the humpback choose me to help him to 
'^-^troy theel" He shut the basket, that he might no longer 
\d so pitiable an object; but the child, who had passed 



TBE FBINCESS CARPILLON. 835 

the night without nourishment, began to cry lustily. The 
man who carried him gathered some figs, and put them in his 
mouth ; the sweetness of the fimit quieted him a little^ and 
thus the man continued to carry him till the following night, 
when he came to a large and dark forest. He would not 
enter it at that hour, for fear of being devoured himself but 
the next morning he resumed his journey, still carrying the 
basket. The forest was so large that whichever way he 
looked he could see no end to it, but in a spot thickly ear- 
rounded with trees, he perceived a rock, terminating in several 
3^8S^ peaks. " Here, no doubt," said he, " is the retreat of 
the most savage beasts. I must leave the in&nt here, since 
I am not in a situation to save it." He approached the rock. 
Immediately an eagle, of a prodigious size, rushed out, flying 
round and round, as though she had left something in her 
nest; in &ct it was her young ones, whom she was feeding, 
at the bottom of a sort of grotto. " Thou wilt be the prey 
of these birds, who are the kings of others, poor child," said 
the man. With that he unswathed it, and laid it down 
beside the three eaglets. Their nest was large, and sheltered 
firom the inclemency of the weather. He had much trouble 
in putting the Prince there, because the side of the rock by 
which it could be approached was very rugged and overhimg 
a frightful precipice. He withdrew sighing, and saw the eagle 
returning swiftly to its nest. ** Ah," said he, " there is an end 
of it ! the child will soon be no more." He hurried away, 
that he might not hear its last cries. He returned to the 
humpback, and assured him that he no longer had> a brother. 
At this news the barbarous Prince embraced his faithful 
minister, and gave him a diamond ring, assuring him that 
when he became king he would make him captain of his army. 
The eagle, on returning to her nest, was perhaps- surprised to 
find the new guest in it; surprised or not, she exercised the 
rights of hospitality better than many people could have done. 
She nestled close to her nursling, covered him with her wings, 
and warmed him. It seemed as if she had no longer any care 
but for him ; a peculiar instinct induced her to seek fruits for 
him, to peck them, and to pour the juice into the rosy mouth 
of the little Prince; in short, she fed him so well that his 
royal mother could not have nursed him better. As soon as 
the eaglets became stronger, the eagle took them out by 



886 THE FBINCESS CABPILLON. 

turns, sometimes on her wings, sometimes in her talons, and 
thus accustomed them to look at the sun, without shutting 
their eyelids. The eagles sometimes left their mother, and 
flew a little around her, hut the little Prince could do nothing 
of this sort, and when c^e carried him in the air, he ran great 
risks of fidling and killing himself Fortune befriended him. 
It was she who had provided so extraordinary a nurse for him; 
it was she who prevented his falling. Four years passed in 
this manner. The eagle lost all her young ones, they flew 
away when they were big enough ; they never returned to see 
their mother or their nest. The Prince, who had not strength 
to go far, remained upon the rock, for the prudent and 
anxious eagle, apprehensive of his Mling down the precipicCi 
carried him to the other side, and lodged him in so narrow a 
cleft that the wild beasts could not get to him. Loye, whom 
they paint as perfect, was far less so than this young Prince. 
The heat of the sun could not tarnish the lUies and roses 
of his complexion ; there was so much regularity in all his 
features, that the finest painters could not imagine anything 
to equal them ; his hair was already long enough to fisdl over 
his [Moulders, and he had so lofty a mien that there had never 
been seen in a child anything so noble and grand. The ea^e 
loved him with an overwhelming affection ; she fed him with 
nothing but fruit, making this difference between him and 
her eaglets, to whom she gave only raw flesh. She ruined all 
the shepherds around in carrying away all their lambs|, with- 
out mercy; nothing was talked of but the ravages of the 
eagle. At last, tired of feeding her at the expense of their 
flocks, they resolved amongst themselves to discover her 
retreat They separated in 'several parties, following her 
flight ; roaming the mountains and the valleys for a long time 
without success ; but one day they saw her ahght upon a 
groat rock; the most courageous of the party ventured to 
ascend it, although surrounded by a thousand dangers. The 
bird had at that time two little eaglets that she carefully 
tended, but dear as they were to her. her affection was still 
stronger for the young Prince, with whom she bad been 
longer acquainted. As she was not in her nest when the 
shepherds discovered it, they had not much diflBculty in pull- 
ing it to pieces, and carrying off" its contents ; but what was 
thoir surprise at beholding the Prince ! There was something 



THE PBINCESS CARPILLON. 337 

in the circumstance so wonderful that their limited reason 
could not at all understand it. 

They carried away the child and the eaglets, all three 
screaming together. The eagle heard them, and came swoop- 
ing down upon the ravishers of her property. They would 
have felt the effects of her fury if she had not been shot 
dead by an arrow which one of the shepherds let fly at her. 
The young Prince, full of natural feeling, seeing her fall, 
uttered pitiful cries, and wept bitterly. After this adven- 
ture the shepherds returned to their villages. A cruel cere- 
mony was to take place the next morning, for the following 
reason:  ^This country, for a long time past, had been the 
resort of ogres. The inhabitants, alarmed at such dangerous 
neighbours, had tried every means to get rid of them, with- 
out success. These terrible ogres, incensed by the hatred that 
was manifested towards them, redoubled their cruelties, and 
deyoured, without exception, all who fell into their hands. 

One day that the shepherds had assembled to deliberate on 
the steps that should be taken against the ogres, all at once, 
in the midst of them appeared a man of tremendous size ; 
half of his body was like that of a stag, covered with a blue 
skin. He had the feet of a goat, a club over his shoulder, and 
a buckler in his hand. He said to them, " Shepherds, I am 
the Blue Centaur ; if you give me a child every three years, 
I promise to bring here a hundred of my brothers, and make 
such fierce war upon the ogres, that we will drive them out, 
whatever may be their numbers." 

The shepherds hesitated to agree to do anything so cruel, but 
the most venerable amongst them said, "WImt then, my 
friends, is it more advantageous to us that the ogres should 
each day eat our fethers, our children, and our wives? By 
sacrificing one we should save many. Do not let us then 
refuse the offer the Centaur has made us." Upon this they 
all consented to it. They pledged themselves by sacred oaths 
to keep their word with the Centaur, and that the child 
should be ready for him. 

He departed, and returned, as he promised, with his 
brothers, who were all as monstrous as himself. The ogres 
were as brave as they were cniel. They fought several battles, 
in which, however, the Centaurs were always victorious, and 
at last obliged them to fly. The Blue Centaur appeared to 



838 THE PBINCESS CABFILLON. 

daim his reward. Every one said nothing could be more just ; 
but when they came to select the proooosed child, there was 
not a &mily who would make up their minds to give one of 
theirs ; the mothers hid their in&mts almost in the bosom of 
the earth. The Centaur, who would not be trifled with, after 
having waited twice four-and-twenty hours, told the shepherds 
that he expected they would give him as many children as 
he stayed days with them, and the delay cost iiiexn six httk 
boys and six little girls. From that time forth they rogu- 
lated this serious a^r, and every third year they made a 
solemn ceremony on the delivery of the poor child to the 
Centaur. 

It was, then, the following morning after the Prince bad 
been taken from the eagle's nest that this tribute was due, 
and although the child had been already chosen, it is easy 
to believe the shepherds willingly substituted the Prince: 
the imcertainty of his birth  ^for they were so simple they 
sometimes believed the eagle was his mother  and his wonder- 
ful beauty, decided them absolutely to present him to the 
Centaur, for he was so dainty he would not eat children that 
were not very pretty. The mother of the infanfc they had 
selected, relieved from the horror of contemplating the death 
of'her child, found her despair thus suddenly changed into joy. 
They desired her to adorn the young Prince for the sacrifice, 
as she had previously her son. She carefully combed his long 
hair, and made him a crown of little red and white hedge- 
roses. She dressed him in a long robe of fine white linen, 
with a girdle of flowers; thus adorned, he marched at the 
head of several children who were to accompany him ; but 
how can I describe his lofty air, or the nobleness that already 
sparkled in his eyes. He who had never seen anything but 
eagles, and who was still of so tender an age, appeared neither 
frightened nor wild; it seemed to him that all those shepherds 
had assembled 'merely to please him. "Ah, what a pity!" 
said they to each other; " what, is this child going to be de- 
voured] can we not save it?" Many wept, but it was impos- 
sible to avoid making the sacrifice. 

. The Centaur was in the habit of appearing upon the top 
of the rock, his club in one hand, his buckler in the other, 
and from thence, in a dreadful voice, he cried out to the 
shepherds, " Leave me my prey, and retire." The moment 



THE PBINCESS CABPILLON. 839 

vw the child thej had brought him, he was greatly de- 

jxted, and, shouting so loud that the mountains trembled, 

_ jseadaimed, " This is the best breakfast I ever had in all my 

jh - I shall want neither pepper nor salt to eat this little 

jfA* The shepherds and shepherdesses looked at the poor 

J(i^ Baying to themselves, " The eagle has spared it, but here 

ibA wzetch that will end its days." The oldest shepherd 

oik it in his arms, and kissed it often. '' Oh, my child, my 

jar child,*' said he, " I do not know thee, but yet I feel that 

htm seen too much of thee ! Must I assist at thy funeral ? 

Isj did fortune defend thee from the talons of ^e eaglets 

id from the hooked-beak of the eagle, since she abandons thee 

>daj to the voracious appetite of this horrible monster 1" 

While the shepherd was moistening the rosy cheeks of the 

^^Doe with tears which flowed from his eyes, the sweet inno- 

.eat passed his little hands through his grey hairs, smiling at 

iSUi in a sweet in&ntile manner, and the more he inspired 

liiii with pity, the more he hesitated to advance with him. 

''Make haste," exclaimed the himgry Centaur; "if you make 

oiB oome down,  if I have to come to you, I will eat more 

dian a himdred." His patience, in fact, began to fail him ; he 

ime and flourished his club, when there appeared in the air a 

Ittge globe of fire, surrounded by an azure cloud. As every one 

iras attentively looking at this extraordinary sight, the cloud 

and the globe descended by degrees, and then the latter opened, 

and out of it issued immediately a chariot of diamonds, drawn 

by swans, in which was seated the most beautiful lady in the 

"world. On her head was a helmet of pure gold, surmounted 

inth white feathers, the vizor was up, and her eyes were as 

brilliant as the sun. She wore a rich cuirass, and the fiery 

lance she wielded betokened she was an Amazon. 

"What! shepherds," cried she, "have you the inhumanity 
to sacrifice such a child to a cruel centaur ? It is time to 
liberate you from your promise. Justice and reason are 
opposed to such barbarous custom. No longer fear the re- 
turn of the ogres ; I will guarantee your safety. I am the 
Fairy Amazon, and from this moment I take you under my 
protection." " Ah ! Madam," said the shepherds and shep- 
herdesses, lifting up their hands to her, " it is the greatest 
happiness that could happen to us." They could ^ac^ \io TCLcyt^, 
for the infuriated Centaur defied the Fairv to t\i.^ goxi^^X.* ^' 

z2 ^ 



340 THE PRINCESS CABPILKON. 

was fierce and obstinate ; the fiery lance burnt the monster 
wherever it struck him, and he uttered horrible yeUs, which 
ceased only with his life. He fell completely roasted, and you 
would have said it was a mountain that had been oyerthrown : 
so tremendous was the shock. The frightened shepherds hid 
themselves  some in a neighbouring forest; others at the 
bottom of the rocks, in cavities where they could see a]], 
without being seen. 

It was there the wise shepherd, who held the little Prince 
in his arms, took refuge ; much more uneasy about what 
would happen to this amiable child, than what might be the 
issue to him or to his family, though the latter well deserved 
consideration. After the death of the Centaur, the Faiij 
Amazon took a trumpet, which she blew so melodiously that 
the sick who heard it arose in perfect health, and others felt 
a secret joy which they could not tell the meaning o 

The shepherd and shepherdesses, at the soimd of the har- 
monious trumpet, reassembled. When the Fairy Amazon saw 
them, in order to reassure them entirely, she advanced to- 
wards them, in her chariot of diamonds, descending by 
degrees, tiU she came within three feet of the earth. The cloud 
on which the chariot rolled was so transparent that it ap- 
peared like crystal. The old shepherd, whom they called 
Sublime, advanced, holding the little Prince in his arms. 
" Approach, Sublime," said the Fairy, " fear nothing more. I 
intend peace to reign for the future in these regions, and that 
you shall enjoy the repose you came to seek in them; but 
give me this poor child, whose fate is already so extraor- 
dinary." The old man, having made a profound reverence, 
raised his arms, and put the Prince in hers. She kissed and 
embraced him a thousand times, set him on her knees and 
talked to him. She knew, nevertheless, that he could neither 
speak nor understand any language ; he uttered cries of joy or 
of grief, heaved sighs, and made inarticulate noises; for he 
had never heard any one speak. 

He was, however, quite dazzled by the brilliant armour of 
the Fairy Amazon. He got up on her knee, to reach her 
helmet, that he might touch it. The fairy laughed at him, 
and told him, as though he could understand her, " When 
.thou art able to carry arms, my son, thou shalt not be without 
them.*' After she had again caressed him very much, she 



THE PRINCESS CABPILLON. 841 

returned him to Sublime. '' Good old man," said she to him, 
" you are not unknown to me ; do not disdain to take care of 
this child; teach him to have a contempt for the pomps of the 
world, and to be above the frowns of fortune  ^he is, perhaps, 
bom to a very brilliant one ; but I maintain, that wisdom will 
make him happier than power. Man's happiness ought not to 
consist of outward grandeur; to be happy, one must be wise, 
and to be wise one must know oneself  ^be able to limit one's 
desires^ be content in poverty as in opulence, seek the esteem of 
men of merit, despise no one, and be always prepared to quit 
the riches of this wretched life without sorrow. But what am I 
thinking about, venerable shepherd ? I talk to you of matters 
you are much better acquainted with than I am ; but, it is 
also true, I am speaking more to the other shepherds, who are 
listening to me, than to you. Adieu, herdsmen; adieu, shep- 
herds; call me in your need; this same lance and hand, 
which have just exterminated the Blue Centaur, will be 
always ready to protect yoit" Sublime and all who were with 
him, as much astonished as delighted, could make no answer 
to the obliging words of the Fairy Amazon ; in their excite- 
ment and joy they humbly prostrated themselves before her ; 
and while they were in that position, the globe of fire gently 
rising to the regions above^ disappeared with the Amazon and 
the chariot. 

The timid shepherds dared not at first approach the Cen- 
taur, for dead as he was, they were afraid of him; by degrees 
they became accustomed to him, and agreed among them- 
selves, that they must make a great pile, and bum him to 
ashes, for fear his brothers, aware of what had happened, 
should come and avenge his death upon them. This opinion 
having been adopted, they lost not a moment in setting about 
it, and ridding themselves of the odious carcass. 

Sublime carried the little Prince to his hut; his wife was- at 
home ill, and his two daughters had not been able to leave her 
to attend the ceremony. " Here, shepherdess," said he, " here 
is a child, cherished by the gods, and protected by a Fairy 
Amazon ; we must look on him for the future as our son, and 
give him an education that may render him happy." The 
idiepherdess was delighted with the present he made her ; she 
took the Prince on her bed. "At least," said she, "if I 
cannot give him such good lessons as you can, I shall bring 



842 THE PRINCESS CARPILLON. 

him up from childhood, and cherish him as my own son." 
'' That is what I ask of you/' said the old man ; and there- 
upon he gave him to her. The two daughters ran to look at 
him ; they were charmed with his incomparable beauty, and 
all the graces of his little person. From that moment they 
began to teach him their language, and never could there be 
fotmd a prettier or more intelligent pupil ; he learned the most 
difficult things with a facility which astonished the shepherd; 
so that he was very soon sufficiently advanced to receive 
lessons from him only. This wise old man was able to give 
him the best advice; for he had been a king of a fine and 
flourishing kingdom, but a usurper, a neighboiur and an 
enemy, successfully conducted his secret intrigues, and gained 
over certain factious spirits, who rose in rebellion, and enabled 
him to surprise the king and all his family, whom he imme- 
diately ordered to be shut up in a fortress^ where he intended 
them to perish miserably. 

So strange an alteration had no effect upon the virtue of 
the king and queen ; they resolutely suffered all the outrages 
that the tyrant ordered to be executed upon them; and the 
queen, who was with child when this disgrace occurred, was 
confined with a girl, whom she nursed herself; she had two 
other very amiable children, who shared her troubles as 
much as their age would permit of. At the end of three 
years the king gained over one of his guards, who agreed to 
bring a small boat for him to cross the lake, in the middle of 
which the fortress was built. He provided them with a file 
to cut the iron bars of their rooms, and with cords to descend 
by. They fixed upon a very dark night. Everything was 
favourable ; and without any noise, the guard assisted them to 
slide down the walls, that were frightfiiUy high : the king went 
down first, then followed the daughters, afterwards the queen, 
then the little princess in a large basket ; but, alas ! they had 
tied her in badly, and suddenly they heard her fall into the 
lake. If the queen had not feinted from grief, she would 
have awakened all the garrison by her shrieks and lamenta- 
tions. The king, distressed at this accident, sought for the 
child as much as it was possible in so dark a night : he found 
the basket, and hoped the princess was in it; but she waa not 
there, and he was obliged to row to save himself and the rest of 
the family. At the border of the lake they found horses ready 



THS PRINCESS CABPILLON. 343 

for them, that the guard had ordered to be there to take the 
king wherever he would like to go. During his imprisonment 
he and his queen had had time to moralize, and perceive that 
the greatest benefits of this world are as nothing when esti- 
mat^ at their true value ; this, added to the mii^ortune that 
had just oocurred to them of losing their little girl, made them 
resolve not to take refuge among the kings, their neighbours 
and their allies, where perhaps they would have been con- 
sidered a burden ; so, taking their own course, thej established 
themselves in a fertile plain, the most agreeable of any spot 
they could have chosen. In this place the king, changing his 
sceptre for a sheephook, bought a large flock, and became 
a shepherd. He bmlt a little country-house, sheltered on one 
side by moimtains, and having on the other a stream well 
filled with fish. Here they enjoyed more peace than they 
had on their throne ; no one envied them their poverty, they 
feared neither traitors nor flatterers; their days flew by 
without sorrow, and the king often said, '' Ah ! if men could 
cure themselves of ambition, how happy they would be ! I 
have been a king, now I am become a shepherd,  I prefer my 
oottage te the palace in which I reigned.'* 

It was with this great philosopher that the young Prince 
studied; he knew not his master's rank, neither did the master 
know the parentage of his pupil; but he saw in him such 
noble feelings, that he coidd not believe him to be an ordinary 
child. He i-emarked with pleasure, that he placed himself 
nearly always at the head of his companions, with an air of 
superiority that commanded their respect. He was continu- 
ally forming little armies ; he built forts, and attacked them. 
He went hunting, also, and braved the greatest perils, not- 
withstanding all the remonstrances the shepherd could maka 
All these things convinced him, that he was bom to com- 
mand. But, while he is being educated, and till he hsus 
attained the age of fift;een, let us return to the King his 
Other's court 

Prinee Bossu, finding his father becoming very old, had 
scarcely any respect for him  he was impatient at waiting so 
long for the succession. To console himself he asked the 
King for an army that he might invade a neighboiuing king- 
dom, the fickle population of which had made overtures to him. 
The King agreed to it, on condition that, before his departure, 



344 THE FRI5CESS cabfuxcx. 

be would witoesB the Bigning of an ict by liie tarda of 
bit kingdom to this effect,  that if erer the Prinee, his 
jonngest brother, returned, and they were satiafied it was he, 
bj finding the mark of the arrow npon his arm, he slioald 
be recognised as sole heir to the crown. Hie bumpback nof 
only wiUingiy assisted at this ceremony, bat woold sign the 
act himself thoogh his ither thought it too mndi to expect 
from him; but as he felt sore of the death of his bExytiher, he 
hazarded nothing, while he assumed great credit to himself 
for this proof of his complacency; in consequence of wfaidi the 
King assembled the states, addressed them, shed many tean^ 
when speaking of the loss of his son  moving all tbose to 
pity who heard him, and after haying signed the instrument, 
and caused the principal nobles to sign it, he commanded 
them to place it in the royal treasury, and tiiat sereral authen- 
ticated copies should be made for the better recording of it 

Prince Bossu then took leave of him, to head a fine aimy, 
and attempt the conquest of the kingdom to which he was 
invited ; and after many battles, he killed his opponent with 
his own hand, took the capital city, placed garrisons and 
appointed governors in every direction, and returned to his 
father, to whom he presented a young princess named C^opiUoD, 
whom he had taken prisoner. 

She was so extremely beautiful, that aU that nature had 
ever previously created, and all that the imagination could 
feincy, could not be compared to her. The king was enchanted 
at the sight of Carpillon ; and the humpback, who bad been 
acquainted with her some time, had fallen so deeply in love 
with her, that he knew not a moment's rest; but as much as 
he loved her, so much she hated him, as he never spoke 
to her but as her master, and reminded her always that she 
was his slave. Her heart so revolted at his coarse manners, 
that she tried to avoid him as much as possible. 

The King had given her an apartment in his palace, and 
women to wait upon her; he felt for the misfortunes of so 
young and beautiful a princess. When the humpback told 
him he intended to marry her, '* I consent to it," replied he, 
** provided she is not averse to it ; for it appears to me, that 
when you are near her, she is always melancholy." " It is be- 
cause she loves me," said the humpback, " and dares not 
.acknowledge it. The constraint causes her to feel embarrassed; 



TBE PRmCSSa CAB?ILLON. 845 

p Ab IB my vi&, yon will aae her happy." " I should 

S^isve it," nid the King ; "bat do yon not fl&tter 

a little too muciht" The humpback u much an- 

^ luB fother's donbta. " You are the oanae, madam," 

I to the PriQoesg, " of the King's treating me with 

Lirity which is not usual with him. Perhaps he loves 

ill me BO candidly, and choose between us,  ^provided 

_ 3u reign, I sliall be satisfied." He spoke thus to aaoer- 

W Bcutiments; for he had no idea of altering his own 

tions. The young Carpillon, who knew not yet that the 

'.er numlier of loTera are artful and deoeitfiil creature^ 

-Tito tho trap. '' I own, my lord," aaid she to him, " that 

n-ere my own mistress, I ^ould neither choose the King 

you; but if my ill fortune compels me to this sad neoes- 

, I prefer tha King." "And whyl" replied the hump- 

k, endeavouriug to constrain himself. " Because," added 

. " he is milder than you are, that he reigns at present, and 

i> , pt a ' b apa he may not live so long." " Ah ! little wretch," 

-pHril the humpback, "you would marry my &ther in 

nhrto be queen-dowager after a little while. Moat assuredly 

ott -dull not,  he does not think of you ; it is I who am 

Old enough to do so  goodneas, to speak the truth, ill- 

MBtowed, Sx you are insupportably ungrateful; but, were- 

oa a hundred times more so, you snail be my wife." 

The Princess Carpillon learned, but a little too late, that it 

ifl^aometimes dangerous to say all one thinks; and, to make 

aBnends for what she had just said, "I wished to asoertwn your 

Wiiliiiii iidi," replied she to him ; "I am very glad that you 

Um me sufficiently to resent the harshnesB that I have 

ffiscted, I eeteem you already, my lord ; endeavour to make 

me love you." The Prince, iu his turn, fell headlong into the 

trap, obvious as it was ; but people are generally very foolish 

when they are much in love, and have au inclination to flatter 

themselves, which it is difficult to correct Carpillon's worda 

made him milder than a lamb, he smiled, and presged her 

hands till he hui't them. 

As soon as he had left her she ran to the King's apartment, 
and throwing herself at his feet, " Protect me. Sire," said she, 
"fromthegreatest of misery: Prince Bosau insists upon marry- 
ing me. I confess that he is odious to me : do not be so Ma^\^ 
B he is; mj rank, mj youth, and the nustortoxii* <A ' 



846 THE PEINCESS CABPILLON. 

Euidlj merit the compassion of so great a king as you ara" 
'^ Beautiful Princess," said he, *' I am not surprised that my 
son loves you  it must be the case with all who see you ; 
but I will never forgive him, for &iling in the respect doe to 
you." ''Ah! Sire," replied she, ''he looks upon me as Ik 
prisoner, and treats me as his slave." " It is with my army," 
replied the King; " that he conquered the conqueror of ihe 
King your father : if you are a captive, you are miy captivo^ 
and I restore you to liberty; happily my advanced age and 
my white hairs preserve me from becoming your slaTa" 
The gratefid Princess thanked the King a thousand times^ and 
retired with her ladies. 

The humpback, having learned what had just paased, re- 
sented it deeply; and his fury increased when the King 
desired him not to think of the Princess, until by great and 
constant kindness he should overcome her dislik& ** I shall 
have to labour then all my life, and perhaps uselesaly,'* add 
he ; "I do not like losing my time." " I am sorry on yoor 
account," replied the King, "but it can be upon no other 
terms." " We shall see ;" insolently answered the humpback, 
as he quitted the room. " You presume to take away my 
prisoner from me  I will lose my life sooner." " She whomyou 
call your prisoner, was mine," added the irritated King. 
" She is now at liberty ; she shall be her own mistress, and 
not dependent upon your caprice." 

So sharp a conversation might have led to higher words 
still, had not the humpback thought proper to retira He 
forthwith resolved to make himself master of the* king- 
dom, and of the Princess. He had ingratiated hima^ lf with 
the troops, while he commanded them, and there were sedi- 
tious men who willingly seconded his bad designs. The King 
was warned that his son was endeavouring to dethrone him; 
and, as the Prince was the strongest, the King could take no 
other course than that of mUduess. He sent for him and 
said to him ; " Is it possible that you are so ungrateful that 
you wish to dethrone me, and seat yourself in my place 1 you 
see I am at the brink of the grave; do not hasten the end of 
my li&u Have I not been sufficiently afiOicted, by the death 
of my wife, and the loss of my son? It is true, I am opposed 
to your deaigns on the Princess CarpiUon ; but it*s out of 
aderaition for you, as much as for her; for, can one be 



nSB niNGISB CARTTT.T4W. 847 

'iritii a person who does not love him? Bnt since yon 
^ the nsky I oonsent to it ; allow me time to speak to 

zeoondle her to this nwrriage." 
Imipback wished for the FrinoeBS more than for the 
1 j ftr he already ruled over the one he had jnst oon- 
nd he told the Eing^ he was not so eager to reign as 
sinoe he had himself signed the agreement that 
him in case his brother should ever retnm, and 
would respect his Either^s authority, provided he was 
kted marrying Carpillon. The KW embraced him, 
to seek the poor Princess, who was m great anxiety 
the result of the interview. Her governess was 
her. She took her into her closet, and crying bit- 
''Is it possible," said she to her, ''that after a& the 
the King made me, he will have the cruelty to sacri- 
to this humpback! Certainly, my dear fiiend, if 
many him, the day of my marriage will be the last of 
\pb ; lor it is not so much his defisrmity that shocks me, 
badness of his heart" " Alas! my Princess," replied 
'governess, ^you are ignorant, no doubt, that the daugh- 
In of the greatest kings are viotmis, whose incUnation they 
iMlDOi if ever consult; if they do marry an amiable and hand- 
IAM* Prince, they may thank fortune for it ; but between one 
VMHokeyand another, nothing is considered bnt the interest 
cf the State." Carpillon was about to reply, when it was an- 
Booneed that the King was waiting for her in her diamber. 
She raised her eyes to heaven, to Bek for help. 

As icon as she saw the King, it was unnecessary for him to 
explain the resolution he had arrived at; for she had great 
penetration, and the qualities of her mind fax surpassed those 
of her person. ** Ah ! Sire," she exclaimed, " what are you 
going to tell me?" "Beautiful Princess," said he, "do not 
k)ok upon your marriage with my son as a misfortune; I en- 
treat of you to consent to it with a good grace ; the violence 
he does to your feelings sufficiently proves the ardour of his 
own. He could find more than one Princess, who would be 
enchanted to share with him the kingdom he has already, and 
the one he hopes for after my death ; but he will have none 
but you. Your disdain, your contempt for him, does not 
dishearten him; and you must believe, that he will never 
omit ODjiMng he can do to please you." " 1 flaXAjet^xsc^^^ 




348 THE PRINCESS CABPILLON. 

I had found a protector in you," replied she ; " my hope is 
gone, you have abandoned me ; but the gods  the just gods  
will not abandon me.** " If you knew all that I have done 
to defend you from this marriage,** added he, " you would 
be conyinced of my friendship. Alas! Heaven gave me a 
son, whom I dearly loved ; lus mother nursed hinau He was 
stolen one night from his cradle, and a cat was put in his 
place, who bit the Queen so cruelly that she died of it. If 
this sweet child had not been taken from me, he would now 
be the consolation of my old age ; my subjects would fear 
him, and I should offer you my kingdom with him : the hump- 
back, who now assumes the master, would have been happy 
to be allowed to remain at Court I have lost that dear son, 
Princess, and the misfortune extends to you.** *'It is I 
alone,** replied she, '' who am the cause of what has happened 
to him. As his existence would have served me, he has 
perished. Sire, look upon me as guilty; and take my life^ 
rather than marry me.'* " You were not of an age, beautiful 
Princess,** said the King, " at that time, to do either good or 
ill to any one; I do not accuse you of causing my misfor- 
tunes; but if you would not increase them, prepare to 
receive my son kindly ; for he has made himself the strongest 
here, and could do you most serious injury.** She answered 
only by her tears. The King left her ; and as the humpback 
was impatient to know what was passing, the King found 
him waiting in his chamber, and told him the Princess Car- 
pillon consented to the marriage, and that he had given the 
necessary orders for it to be solemnised. The Piince was 
transported with joy; he thanked the King, and immediately 
sent for jewellers, merchants, and embroiderers. He bought 
the handsomest things in the world for his mistress, and sent 
her large golden baskets, filled with a thousand curiosities. 
She received them with some appearance of pleasure. He 
then paid her a visit and said to her, " Were you not very 
silly, Madam Carpillon, to refuse the honour I intended you? 
for, not to say anything of my amiability, I am considered 
very clever. I will give you so many dresses, so many 
diamonds, and so many ^ue things, that no queen in the 
world shall be comparable to you.** 

The Princess coolly replied, that the misfortunes of her 
royal house did not allow her to be adorned so much as 




849 

%Kad therefbre she begged of him not to make ber 
ome preeentB, "Yon vonld be right," sud he 
i b) adorn yoimel^ if I did not give yoa permis- 
'a yoor duty to please me ; all will be ready for 
in four days; amuse yooiBel^ Princea^ and 
r orders, as yon are already afaeolnte mistrees hera" 
' le bud left her, she ahut h^self ap vitii her goremesa, 
her, that ahe might choose whether she would find 
i means of escape, or thoae by which she ooold kill 
"le day at her marriage. The goremess represented 
_^ esibility of her escaping, and the culpable weakness 
lug herself to avoid the OTils of this life. She tried to 
^uado her. that her virtue would contribute to her tran- 
llity, aud without being desperately in love with the 
nipback, she VQvld esteem him enffioiently to live oon- 
'itedly with him. 

Carpillon woiud not listen to any of her remonstranoee; 
lO told ber, till now she had relied upon her, she now knew 
hat ehe had to trost to; that if all the world &iled her, 
'is would not fiiil herself; and that great remedies were 
''^quired for great evils. A^er which, she opened the win- 
'ow, and every udw and then looked out, wiliiout uttering a 
iTMrd. Her govomess, who feared she would throw herself 
ant, fm at her feet, and looking afieotionately at her, 
"WbU, Madam," said she, "wliat do you wish me to do) I 
win ob^ yoo, though it be at the risk of my life." The 
KnncesB embraced her, and said, she wished ber to purchase 
fbr her a shepherdem's dress and a cow ; that she would seek 
nfiige wherever she could. That she must not try to turn 
her from her purpose, because it was losing time, and she had 
none to spare; that she must also, to enable her to get be- 
jrond pursuit, dress up a doll, put it in her bed, and say that 
he was not well. 

" You must see, Madam," said the poor governess, "to what 
I am about to expose myselC Prince Bossu will be certaiu 
that I seconded you in your plans; he will inflict a thousand 
tortures upon me to extort from me where you are, and then 
he will buru me, or flay me alive. Say after that, that I do 
not love you." 

The R-inccBS was very much distressed; " I wish," replied 
he, " that jou aboald escape yourself, two Aaj* .l\,t ta& - '^S. 



860 TBI IBINGES8 CABFILUr. 

will be Tery easy to deodve everybody till then.** In ehA^ 
they oontriyed so well, that the aame nighty OMplUon bed 
a dresB and a oow. 

All the goddesses that erer descended from the iwiiraii d 
Olympus^ those who sought the shepherd Earia, and a 
hundred dooen of others, would haye appeared leas I w aiiliflJ 
than GarpUlon in this rustic attire. She set ont akkne^ lij 
moonlight, sometimes leading her oow with a oord, wofmetimM 
making it carry her; she proceeded at random half deal 
with ^. If a breaUi of wind rustled through the biulie%< 
if a bird flew from its nest, or a hare started from its fin^ 
she thou^t thieves or wolves were about to attack her. Shi 
walked Sn night, and would have walked aU day, but hsr 
cow stopped to feed in a meadow, and the Frinoeai^ Atigoed 
with her thick wooden shoes, and the weight of hat ooaiM 
grey cloth dress, sat down upon the grass by the side of a 
stream, where die took off her yellow linen cap, to anam 
her &ir hair, which had escaped from all sides^ and fifl 
in curls down to her feet. She looked about to see if any one 
was near her, that she might conceal herself quicikly ; boti 
notwithstanding the precaution she took, she was s n rp na ed bf 
a lady in complete armour, excepting her head, from which 
she had taken a golden helmet covered with diamonds. 
'' Shepherdess," said she, '^ I am a.tigued ; will you give me 
some milk from your cow to quench my thirst 1" " Willingly 
Madam,'* replied Carpillon, '' if I had something to put it 
into." <' Here is a cup," said the warrior lady, presenting her 
a very handsome china one; but the Princess knew not how 
to milk her cow. " How is this?" said the lady; ^doee your 
cow give no milk, or do you not know how to milk herf " 
The Princess began to cry, being quite ashamed of appearing 
so awkward before so extraordimiry a person. ^'I confess, 
Madam,** said she to her, '< I have only been a short time 
a shepherdess; all my business is to take my oow out to 
feed  my mother does the rest." "You have, then, a 
mother," continued the lady, "and what may she be?" "She 
keeps a farm,'* said Carpillon. " Near here 1" inquired the lady. 
" Yes,** replied the Princess. " Really I feel an affection for 
her, and am obliged to her for having given birth to so beau- 
tiful a daughter. I should like to see her; take me to her." 
Carpillon did not know liow \/o vos^ot  ^<^ ^^raa \mBACU8- 




THE 7RINGBS8 GABPOION. 851 

to tell &]8ehood8y and knew not that she was speaking 
fiuiy. Fairies were not so common in those days as they 
bani siaoe become. She cast down her eyes; her &ce was 
~ with deep blushes ; at last she said, " When I am 
out into the fields, I dare not go home again till night. 
J of you, Madam^ not to oblige me to do what would make 
jtlff^miAhBr angry, who will beat me, perhaps, if I disobey her.** 
"All! Princess, Princess," said tiie Fairy smiling, ''you 
support a fiJsehood  ^neither can you play Sie part 
^ faaTC assumed if I do not assist you ; ti^e this  ^it is 
^[riboaquet of gillyflowers ; be sure that as long as you hold it, 
jltf^ humpbad:, who is seeking you, will not know you; 
^^ttiember, when you reach the Great Forest, to ask the diep- 
jfiHds, who feed their flocks there, where Sublime Hyes; go 
JttfFiham, and tell him that yop come from the Fairy Amazon, 
#ko begs he will place you with his wife and daughters. 
Adieu, beautiful Carpillon, I have been one of your friends 
ftr a long time." '' Alas ! Madam," exclaimed the Princess, 
^ ainoe you know me, and love me, and I have so much need 
f your assistance, will you abandon me?" " The bouquet of 
gillyflowers will not fail you," replied she; ** my moments are 
{owsious; I must leave you to frdfil your destiny." In say- 
ing these words, she vanished from Carpillon's sight, who 
wms so frightened, she thought she should die of it. After 
recovering herself a little, she continued her journey; not 
knowing at all where the Great Forest was ; but she said to 
herself '' This clever Fairy, who appears and disappears, who 
knows me in a peasant's dress, without ever having seen me, 
will conduct me whither she wishes me to go." Walking or 
resting, the Princess always held her bouquet; she advanced, 
however, but slowly. Her courage was greater than her 
strength. Where the road was stony she often stumbled; her 
feet began to bleed; she was forced to lie down upon the 
ground under the shelter of some trees; she feared every- 
thing, and often thought, with great anxiety, of her governess. 
It was not without reason that she did think of that poor 
woman  her zeal and her fidelity have been rarely equalled. 
She dressed up a large doll, in the Princess's lace pinners,^ 
fontangesj^ and fine linen ; she went very softly about the 

(1) Comettes. The pinners, or lappets, sometimes the cap% l\ie\xi%\N^%. 

(2) Knots of riband. See note to page 123. 



TB PRCECfSS CISFILLOK. ^^H 

riwnnw. C ir, she aud, of dBtarbiag bor ; and whsnwf 
noiM mw tumao, abe aeoUei) vmybodj. Thej ran to teil tb 
King that tbe Prinaess wae ill; that did not eurprise him: 
he attributed it to ber vexation, and the violence she iru 
doing her own feelings; but, ben Prince Bossu heard &a 
Mwl new, he felt inmnixirably grieved, and wanted to see her. 
Tho gorerucw with difficulty prevented him ; " At all eveots,' 
aid he, " let my physician see her." " Ah ! my Lord," criei 
tho KoTorneati, " it would be eooogh to kiU her  she detwta 
iltictora and their remedies; but do not alarm yourself, fibe 
only require* a few days' rest  it is a headache, which ^ 
will nxiu iJeup off." She managed thus to make him pronnM 
not to diituro hor mistress, and still kept the doll in the lied. 
But uno night when she was preparing to escape,  for she &iC 
iiMurod tho impatient Prince would goon renew hia attempts 
III ontyr  she hoard him raving like a mndman at the door, 
Mhiiilt ho liurBt open without waiting for her to unlock it. 

'Cho OMIM of this violence was, that the Princess's ladies 
hml illnciiviirvd tho fraud, and fearing they should suffer for 
Iti tiity InttHntly went and informed the humpback. It 
Wciilil Im iiiipoHsililo to desmbe tho excess of hia fury. Ho 
iiiilii"! l.i lliK KiiiK, tliiiiking he was in the plot; but by the 
taiHIiiUi' li<) (iviiiivil, lio was sure he w.is ignorant of it. As 
Bimii .M Mix jHMirpivorness appeared, he flew at her, and taking 
lii'h !! )l"> liEiii' I'l' Uvr hi'iul, " Restore Carpillon to me," said 
111' ' <! I ill i.'tir oiil your heart." She only answered by 
III I (ill.. .|iii| (lll^|"ill^; liorsolf at hia feet, she entreated him 
<ii l<<<u M I,' \\,'i. Iiut in vaiu. He dragged her himself into a 

il>i'|i iliiii. <i, kIii'iv III' would have stabbed her a thousand 

hiiii ' 1 1 ilix l\iii>'., n1u< v'liH :is good as bis son was wicked, 
li.ul II |.li. , ,1 liiiii (i> lot liiT live in this frightful prison. 

III. .,11,,..,., I, .u,i M.'U'iK I'lini-v issued immediate orders 
III I'lii !" U,i ,..,-1 1,111,1 iiu.l ',i ; liO set out himself aod 
1 11 111 il iM .ill , In,., .11,11,^ liki' !i ni;ui out of his wits. One day, 
.! > ,i| i;[,.i. 11 1. 1 ,V,iii< li'-lii'i' uiiiior -.x large rock with her 
1-11. i.M il. ,Mi(,,., .is iVij:liit\iIlv hid. i\ud the thunder, 

li.l' 1.. .ii.,l liiit 1.1 iii,. l..:'(.v!uI.U rriiiee Bossu, and aU 

II'- I. 11,-11,.- ..u, vM-M-ii llm-ii-h Kihu rain, came aud 

'> u.i.l-i ill., Mill.' iNvk, \Vlu-u shes:iwhim sonear 

' 'Vi.!ii.'ii.-.i !,,, ::-,;v;i '.v,.'!\' ilian the thunder. 

lnm>li ,! .,'",>'.'* "^"^^ both hands, fearing 



f .TEM MDfCMa 04ii?n.Tnif; 888 

4 Aatioiie wooMnctbeBiiffioieiit^azidiBmem 

^' ^gfliliumffxi to hsnei^ ^Do not abandon m% channing 

ATntkmm ** Ttub hiiinpbaok oast hia ejas npon her. ^ What 

pf baBtit2ioatoBAryd60cepitddwrtcliy''Baidh6toher; ''if the 

!^ tlMinder sfaoidd kill thee^ ^vhat wioog wonld it do theel art 

I Ami not on the brink of thy gravel" The yoong Prinoess 

r wtM not less delisted than aatcmiahed to hear hernlf called 

p old;^ No donbt," thought ahe, " that my little boaqnet Iuub 

^-i "woriced thia wonder^" imd to avoid being drawn into conyer* 

Z tatioD, she pretended to be dea The hnmpbaok finding 

flhe oonld not hear, aaid to his oonfidant, who never quitted 

faim, ''If I wen in better BiHrii% I would take thia old woman 

to the top of the rool^ and precipitate her from it, that i 

might have the pkaaore to aee hor break her neck; for 

nothing would be more amuaing to me." "But, my Lord," 

replied the Tillain, " if tiiat would at all ngdoe yon, I will 

take her there, willin^y or by force, and you ahall see her 

body bound like a baU from all the pointa of the rock, and 

her blood run doae to you." " No," aaid the Prince, " I have 

not the time; I must continue to aeek for tiiia ungrateful 

woman, who baa made my life miaerabla" 

So laying, he put apura to hia horse, and was soon out 
of oght It is easy to imagine the Princess's joy at his de- 
parture; for, most aaauredly, the conversation he had just 
had with his confidant waa enou^ to alarm her: ahe did 
not forget to thank the Fairy Amazon, of whose power she 
had just had a proof; and continuing her journey she arrived 
in the plain where the shepherds had built their small cot* 
tages; they were very pretty, each of them, with its garden 
and its fountain : the Valley of Tempd, and the borders of 
the Lignon,^ have boasted nothing more elegant. The shep* 
herdesses were mostly beautifril, and the shepherds omitted 
nothing to please them; all the trees were engraved with 
a thousand different cyphers, and love verses. When Car- 
pillon appeared, they lefb their flocks and followed her re- 
spectfully; for they were prepossessed by her beauty and 
her majestic air ; but they were astonished at the poverty 
of her dress : for, though they lived in a simple and rustic 

(I) A little river, which ohtained celebrity from D*Urfey*8 Romance of AttrSe. 
MademoiseUe de S6Tign6, in her letter from Vichy of the 8th June, 1676, %vs%> *^ Vtv 
these meadows and lovely groves, it is delightful to see the dancVxi^ ot ^^ok \eaa&snp 
shepherds and sbepberdesaea of the Lignon.** 

A A 



'.u^-^/ir^'- 



%  awBtnw gm nw to it; it ii riJBM 

VH wadk n wwlwflfl o.* 8ht did not nphry 

CM cf flw qindles ftom tlM Quan, to vbd nff titt 
inn W nw iMT faiBdi^ tih^ Ikia^ A0  
oat cf iMT dami two Uh of aov ftnaed ia tiflt 
T; llMf ii0 w WBin% vkilaL IteKiof oidQaMi 
t Mob otber mj il giiltaMi l ly, aid ood to ber, 
* ^hoM is TBT viB| OnpiDMiy fw tlM diBile e fire 
worn voodfiB dMMB'm iwy imd for n joiuig ^ 
Myoaan; yoamMtliediMiiddi>iniiflj*"*'lBT 
r npUed OMpDoDp ^^tili^Mi dboBd m I am ; U^ 
TOO, moiheri to oidMrntto doto^I will dnM 
uSiej adndred liaraiiliiniManiij aid tbofte all tL 
nUbh appeand in Imt cyaa aad parvaded ber viKila 

time bad anifod; ^my uom, aad all cotend tL 
Tbe two Frinmaea had eanglit aone mea little Mk ; 
had alM wnne new-laid ^n aome milk, and aoiDO In^ 
rm anrpriaady* aaid IheKini^ ^that my aon has n^A 
itamed jei; hia bfe of Imntfaig takea him fiolher than 
c- likOy and I am alwaya feaxM aome aeeident will bsippfm 
(p him.** '' I am as modi alanned aa yon afe," aaid t\fs 
^oaoi ; ** buty if yon like, we will watt aupper pjr him." 
* No^" aaid tihe King^ ^we will do nothing of the aort ; on 
}Sbe oontrary, I beg^ when he letrnm^ that nt one will 
speak to him, and that ererybody will be very cold to him.** 
f You know how aflEectioiiate he 1%" aaid the (^neen, ^and 
that it will distress him so much; he will be ill in eon- 
sequence." " I cannot hdp it," said the King ; " he must be 
oorrected." They sat down to table, and some time afterwards 
the Prince came in; he had a roebuck on his shoulders, his 
hair was wet with perspiration, and his fece covered with dust. 
He leaned upon a small spear which he usually carried, his bow 
was fastened on one ride, and his quiver foil of arrows on the 
other. In this state there was something so noble and so 
haughty in his countenance and in his appearance, that no 
one could see him without attention and respect. * ^^**^f^'. 
said he, addressing the Queen, "my wish to bim^ you tms 

aa2 



THE PaCiXtSS CHXtLUBI, ' 

f>ii*l>u<ili, h cnused tne a. good nmover hM nrf dttfeto-^.' 
" My Dii," ifuil tbe King, oerioaalr, "; ttii^ as ram 
MiiifliT tliMi jjleoiiurs. Ton koov'aH tbt I hmve alradj' 
Mill ftixnit jour hy for the cbtm, bt jNm dn mot seem in- 
i<lliid to correct joainelt" Tbe Frimre nddsHd ; astl wfaxt 
ftntit>7cl him more vaa, that he p a t m wt d k Kvanger na 
|ira<wut. He replied that aaotber tine he waald retnra 
lU'lior, or that he would cot go hnntng uj- aa till 1^ I 
wlaliwl it. -"That is sufficicnC n*d like QBcon, iriu Inii I 
hliii ttiinrly ; " my son, 1 thank joa for jonr pcoHie; cbmI 1 
uiitl ait hj mo au'l anp, for I am eure joa ne hMx^ry." lb ] 
wiui  Uttlo dimouccrtcd at the serious air !tli which tie 
K'l'K T"''" ^'^ '''"" ^"'^ ^^ acB-Tcely ilared to raise hia eyes, 
ri>r iiltluiiigh ho wiu iutrepid in the midst of dan^sr^ he ns 
tmolHlilo, and luod in great awe of those to whom he owed 
ltM|iui<t> llowuvor, bo nwovered fi-om hia omfbaiaa, jihad 
iiiiiMvIl' next to tlia Quoen, and looked at Gupilloa, -miui UL 
Mot nitltiHl i> lixig to look at him. Aa soon as O^a ejti 
wvl, Uwlr hvATtfl heat bo wonderfully that th^ conld mC as- 
iKtUUl ftw thnlr kgitation. The PriaoeoB- blaahed and hnbd 
li.nti , llit> I'riiiiw eniititiiied to gaze at her; again she raised 
lii'i I'ii* (iviilly, and li'okoJ at him a longer time, th^ were 
ui'ii >'l MH'iii wiiiftlly 8iiri>ri8ed, and thought that nothing ia 
tin' Hi-it.l .'OIlM iir|>iuw whiit they beheld. "Is it possifale," 
I'lUl ilii' IViiiw**. "Ihiit aeeiug bo many persona aa I hsTe at 
I'.i'iM \ ti'imv w>l oiu' ho eoiild bo compared to this joimg 
,li|l>,>,r' lli'^ i^ !(." siiidlio, in his turn, '-that ihi- H-on- 
.1. 1 (111 ..111 19 ,) Hiiii|>li> KhoplionlcsB ! Ah, would that I were a 
I Ui,. i.i |i|i.i> lii'v on ibi' lliroiic. to make her miatreas of my 
I ...ii,i,.,i., .,. L^ii,' H,nilii bo of my heart!" Thus musing, he 

1. (Ii,> (Jiiivn. Micviiig that it was in consequence 

I I.. 1. 11 .11.. lii.iii iiiiiiuidly received, loaded him with caresses; 

I I, . ;i iiiii.l,'.! liiiii fome exquisite fruits, of which she 

i 1 , ^i, 1,-,^ 111- Ivgiri'd Curijillou to taste some; she 

'II I I <iul ]u\ without thinking from whose hand be 

1 iii,..u, s:ii.i siii-mn-fnilv, " I don't want them," 

 HI, i.ti ,i,.i oil llii- laMo. The Qiiocn did not notice 
' ' ii,. .i.(,..i I'lMiiv-^-s. who by no means disHked him, 

' 11 liii.. I, \i,l liiiii do:u-Iy. but for the difference she 
 I ;.r..| i.,(ii,.,^ii lijR ivuditiou aad hers, remarked it 



TEA pfiorccss gasfuloit. 857 

< ' After gappier tiie King and Queen xstixed; the PrinoesBes, 
aa "was theur oostom, ananged efeiytiimg about Hm house : 
the one xni]id the oowi^ the other made some cheese; 
OarpiUon mm anxious to work also, as tiie others did, but she 
had not been so accustomed to it. She could do nothing 
yreEif and the two Princesses laughingly called her the 
awkward beauty; but the Prince, already in love, assisted 
her. He wei^ to the weU with her, he carried her pitchers, 
he drew the wator for her, and returned heaVily laden, for he 
would not allow her to carry anything. ^ But what do you 
mean, shepherd," said sheto him; ''must I be the young lady 
here  ^I, who haye worked all my lifo, am I come here to do 
nothing?" ''Tou shall do whatever you like, charming 
ahepberdesEf," replied he; ''but do not refuse to accept my 
poor assistanoe on these occasions. They returned together, 
sooner than they wished, for although he hardly diu^d to 
speak to her, he was delighted to be with her. 

They each of them p^ed a sleepless night, which their 
ineizperience prevented them fitmk imagining the cause of: 
but the Prince anxiously waited for the hour that he might 
again behold the shepherdess, while she already feared the 
time she should again see the shepherd. This new trouble, 
that the sight of him had thrown her into, diverted her at- 
tention from the other sorrows which oppressed her. She 
thought of him so often, that she scarcely remembered Prince 
Bossu. "Fickle Fortune!*' she exdahned, "why hast thou 
bestowed so many graces, so fair a countenance, and such 
charms on a young, shepherd, who is only destiaed to watch 
his flock ; and on a great Prince, who has to govern a kingdom, 
so much malice, ugliness, and deformity?" 

Carpillon had never had the curiosity to look at herself 
since her metamorphosis from a princess into a idiepherdess, 
but now a certain desire to please induced her to seek for a 
mirror. She foimd the Princesses', and when she saw her 
head-dress, and her gown, she was quite confused. '* What a 
figure!" said she; "what am I like? It is impossible that I 
can remain any longer buried in this coarse stuff." She took 
some water, and washed her hands and face. They became 
whiter than lilies. After this she sought the Queen, and 
kneeling before her, she presented her with a beautiful dia- 
mond ring (for she had brought some ^e^s^eVam^Jti^vet^. '"''^^ 



358 THE FBINCESS CABPILLON. 

good mother,** said she, ''some time ago I found this ring; I do 
not know its value; but I suppose it is worth some money: 
I beg of you to accept it, as a proof of my gratitude for your 
charity towards me, and I fiirther entreat you to buy me 
some dresses and linen, that I may appear like the shepherdesses 
of this country.*' The Queen was surprised to see so beauti- 
ful a ring in the possession of this yoimg girl. " I will take 
care of it for you,'* said she, '' but not accept it ; be assured 
you will have from this morning all that is requisite for yoo.' 
She then sent to a small town, not veiy &r ofif^ and desired 
them to bring the prettiest peasant's dress that had ever been 
seen. The head-dress, the shoes, all was complete; thus attired, 
she appeared more charming than Aurora. The Prince also 
had not been neglectful of himself; he had put round his hat 
a wreath of flowers; the scarf by which his scrip was tied and 
his hook were also ornamented with them. He carried a 
bouquet to Carpillon, and presented it with the timidity of a 
lover; she received it with much embarrassment, although she 
had infinite good sense. Whenever she was with him, she hardly 
ever spoke, and was always in deep thought. It was mudi 
the same with him. When he went hunting, instead of pur- 
suing the hinds and the deer that he met with, if he found 
a fitting spot for indulging in thoughts of the charming 
Carpillon, he would suddenly stop and remain in that soli- 
tary place, making verses, singing couplets in praise of his 
shepherdess, talking to the rocks, to the woods, to the trees; 
he had lost all that joyous spirit which had caused the 
shepherds so eagerly to seek his company. 

But as it is difi&cult to be much in love and not to fear those 
whom we love, he was so dreadfully afraid he should offend 
his shepherdess by declaring his passion for her, that he dare 
not speak; and although she saw plainly enough, that he pre- 
ferred her to every one else, and that this preference ought 
to assure her of his sentiments, she was sometimes troubled 
at his silence, and sometimes she was pleased at it. " If it be 
true," said she, " that he loves me, how ought I to receive such 
a declaration? If I am angry with him, I shall perhaps kill 
him; and if I am not angry with him, I shall die myself of 
shame and grief. What! bom a Princess, should I listen 
to a shepherd? Ah, what unworthy weakness I I will never 
consent to it; my heart should not change, as I change my 



JXHB PBINGESS GICBFILLOir. 859 

nirass; and I haye already many things to teproaeh' myself 
,ynth since I have been here." 

*. As the Prince's natural yoioe possessed a thousand charms, 
and as, even if he could not hare sung so weU, the Princess 
was so prepossessed in his &Your she would not have been 
less pleased to hear him, she often asked him to sing some 
'little songs ; and what he sang was so tender, and his accents 
90 touching, she could not break herself of the desire to listen 
.to bim. He had written some words, that he repeated in- 
soessantly, she being fully aware that she was the subject of 
^them. They are as follow:  

"If a godden found eoold be 
Who in beauty eqoall'd thee, 
Would she giye, my lore to win. 
All the wealth the world within, 
I with scorn would her deny, 
At thy feet to live and die." 

Althou^ she pretended she paid no more attention to that 
than she did to others, she could not help evincing a preference 
lor it which gratified the Prince. That inspired him with a 
little more boldness; he purposely repaired to a part of the 
river-side, shaded by willows and lote-trees,^ where he knew 
Carpillon led her lambs every day: he took a bodkin and he 
wrote upon the bark of a tree,  

*' In this spot I view in vain, 
Peace with all the Pleasures reign ; 
Even here, Love robs my breast 
Both of happiness and rest." 

The Princess surprised him as he finished these words; he 
afiected to be embarrassed, and after some moments of silence, 
*' You see," said he to her, '^ an unhappy shepherd, who reveals 
to the most insensible things, the sufferings which he ought 
to complain of to you only." She did not answer, and cast- 
ing down her eyes, she afibrded him all the time he needed 
to declare his sentiments. While he was speaking, she con- 
sidered within herself how she ought to receive that which 
she heard from lips that were not indifferent to her, and her 
liking for him readily foimd an excuse  " He is ignorant of 
my birth," said she; "his temerity is pardonable; he loves 
me, and thinks not that I am his superior. Even if he knew 
my rank, the gods, who are so high above us, do they not 

(1) Jtiiieri, See note, ptge 28. 



860 THE PBINCESS CASFILLOir. 

covet hanian hearts? Are they angry because men lore 
them?**  '^ Shepherd," said she, when he had ceased ^eaking^ 
'' I pity you, it is all I can. I will not lore jaa ; I haie 
already too many other troubles. Alas I what would become 
of me, if, to complete my misfortones, the tnmbles of km 
should be added to themt" '^ Ah, shepherdess, say rather," 
cried he, '' that if you haye sorrows, nothing would moie 
surely alleviate them ; I should share them all with yoo, iny 
only thought would be to please you, and you coidd trust 
me with die care of your flock." ** Would to heaven," sud 
she, " I had no other cause for uneasiness!" ^Gan you bife 
any others 1" said he, most earnestly; ^a being so beautifi]], 
so young, without ambition, unacquainted with the vain 
grandeurs of a court? But no doubt you love some one here; 
a rival makes you inexorable to me." In uttering these 
words, he changed coloiu*; he became sad, for this thou^t 
distressed him cruelly. ** I will admit you have a bated and 
detested rival; you would never have seen me, had I not 
been obliged to fly fixm his pressing importunitiesw" " Feriiapi^ 
shepherdess, you will fly from me, for the same reason; ftrif 
you hate him simply for loving you, I must be in your eyes 
the most hateful of men." " Whether I do not think so," 
replied she, " or that I look upon you more favourably, I feel 
I should not go so far to avoid you, as I should to avoid 
him." The shepherd was transported with joy by these kind 
words, and from that day, what pains he took to please the 
Princess ! 

Every morning he employed himself in seeking for the 
most beautiful flowers to make into garlands for her; he 
adorned her crook with a thousand different coloured ribands; 
he would not allow her to be exposed to the sun ; as soon as 
she came with her flock to the river-side, or in the woods, he 
twined branches, tied them quickly together, and made 
arbours with them, imder which the turf formed natural 
couches to repose on. All the trees bore her ciphers; he 
had carved verses upon them, that spoke but of Carpillon*8 
beauty; he sang but of her; and the young Princess observed 
all these tokens of the shepherd's passion for her sometimes 
with pleasure, sometimes with much uneasiness. She loved 
him, without being quite aware of it; she dared not question 
herself on the subject, fearing she should find herself too 



QHS IBINOE98 GABFILLON. 861 

food of him: but when we eoLtertain saoh fear, aie we not 
already oertain of the fiustt 

The ftttaohment of the yomig shepherd for the yoiing 
chepherdeflB was no aeoret; everybody saw it^ and approved 
of it; who oonld blame it, in a place where all the world 
loved. They appeared, it wall mid, bom for each other; they 
wete both perfect; they'were maater-piecea of the gods, wliieh 
fortone had confided to their little country, and everything 
shonld be done to rebon them in it Garpillon felt a secret 
joy in hearing from every one ike ptraeB of ihd diepherd 
flbe thought flo charming; and whenever ahe reflected on the 
difietenoe of their tank ahe grieved, and resolved to remain 
imknown, that her heart might be more at liberty. 

The King and Queen, who loved her veiy much, were not 
at all disjdeased at this growing afibction ; they lo^ed upon 
the I^ince as though he were Iheir son, and the many peifeo- 
tions of the Princess were scarcely less charming to them 
than to him. ** Was it not the Amaaon who sent her to us," 
said they; -''and did she not also come and fi^t the Centaur 
in ikvour of the boy? No doubt this wise Fairy has destined 
them for each other; we must wait her orders thereupon, and 
follow them." 

- Matters were in this condition, the Prince still complaining 
of Carpillon's indifference to him  ^for she carefully concealed 
her sentiments from him,  ^when, as he was hunting one day, 
he was unexpectedly attacked by a ferocious bear, who rushing 
suddenly from the cavity of a rock, threw himself upon him, 
and would have devoured him had he not been as dexterous 
as he was brave. After struggling for a long time upon the 
summit of the mountain, they rolled to the bottom without 
quitting their hold. Garpillon was standing near the spot 
with several of her companions. They could not see what 
was passing above them ; but what was the terror of these 
young girls^ when they perceived a man and a bear felling 
headlong down together! The Princess immediately recog- 
nised her shepherd. She uttered shrieks of terror and anguish. 
All the shepherdesses took flight ; she remained sole specta- 
tress of the combat ; she even boldly thrust the iron of her 
crook in the terrible animal's mouth, and love gave her 
strength to render some assistance to her lover. "WVvKOLV'^^sb:^ 
her^ the fear she might he involved in bia daxi^x id^xigcckssc 



862 THE PRINCESS CABPILLON* 

his courage to such a degree, that he thought not of his own 
life, proyided that he could save that of his ahepherdeoB. At 
last he killed the bear close to her feet, but he Mt himself half 
dead with the wounds which he had received. Ah^ what ms 
her misery when she saw his clothes stained with his flowing 
blood 1 She could not speak ; the tears gushed from her 
eyes ; she placed his head upon her knees, then with a sudden 
effort, " Shepherd,** said she to him, " if you die, I shall die 
with you. In vain have I concealed from you the aecrets of 
my heart ; know them now, and be assured that my life is 
devoted to you." *' What can I wish for more, lovdy shep* 
herdessi** said he; ''whatever may now befid me^ myfiite 
must still be a happy one.** 

The shepherdesses who bad fled now returned with aevend 
shepherds, to whom they had related what they had just seen. 
They hastened to assist the Prince and Prmcess; for shs 
needed assistance nearly as much as he did. Whilst they 
were cutting the branches of trees to make a kind ci litter, 
the Fairy Amazon appeared in the midst of them. *' Bo not 
be uneany, said she to them; ''lot me touch the young 
shepherd." She took him by the hand, and placing her gdd 
helmet on his head, " I forbid thee to be ill, dear shepherd,*' 
said she to him. He arose instantly ; and the vizor of the 
helmet being open, displayed to them his fine features full of 
heroic expression, and his keen and brilliant eyes confirming 
the hopes the Fairy had inspired them with. He was astonished 
at the manner in which she had just cured him, and at her 
majestic appearance. Transported with admiration, with joy, 
and with gratitude, he threw himself at her feet " Great 
Queen," said he to her, " I was dangerously woimded : a look 
from you, a word from your mouth, has cured me : but, alas! 
I have a wound in my heart of which I would not be cured: 
deign but to assuage its pain, and improve my fortune, that 
I may be able to share it with this lovely shepherdess." 
The Princess blushed at hearing him speak thus; for she was 
aware the Fairy Amazon knew her, and she was afraid she 
should be blamed by her, for holding out hopes to a lover so 
much beneath herself: she dared not look at her. The si^ 
that escaped her moved the Fairy*s compassion. ** Carpillon,** 
^d she, " this shepherd is not unworthy of your esteem ; and 
ahepberd, so deeoroua to cStiasi^ ^oxxt ^^aXib^Tue^ ssuxd 



TKB PBINCESS CABPILLON 863 

that in a short time a very great change will take place in 
it." Having uttered these words, she disappeared as usual. 

The shepherds and shepherdesses, who had hastened to assist 
them, conducted them in triumph to their village. They 
placed the lovers in the midst of them, and having crowned 
them with flowers, in honour of the victory they had just 
achieved over the terrible bear,  ^which they dragged after 
them,  ^they sang these words upon the alfection Carpillon 
had i^own for the Prince :  

** Greater pleasure yet will reign 
In these enc^nting groves ; 
Here a shepherd's charms detain 
The daughter of the Loves." 

In this manner they brought them home to Sublime, to 
whom they related all that had just happened,  ^with what 
courage the shepherd had defended himself against the bear; 
and how nobly the shepherdess had aided him in the combat ; 
and lastly, what the Fairy Amazon had done for him. The 
King, delighted at this recital, ran to tell the Queen. " Un- 
doubtedly," said he, "this boy and girl have no common blood 
in them ; their eminent perfections, their beauty, and the care 
that the Fairy Amazon takes of them, prove there is some- 
thing extraordinary relating to them." All at once the 
Queen remembered the diamond ring Carpillon had given 
her. " I always forgot," said she, ** to show you a ring that 
this yoimg shepherdess put into my hands with an air of 
uncommon dignity, begging me to accept it, and to give her 
in exchange for it some dresses like those tiiey wear in this 
country." "Is the stone a fine one?" inquired the King. 
" I have scarcely looked at it," added the Queen; "but here 
it is." She presented him with the ring; and as soon as he 
looked at it, " Ye gods, what do I see ! " cried he. " What ! did 
you not remember a gift I received from your own hands 1 " 
At the same time he pressed a little spring, of which he knew 
the secret. The diamond flew up, and the Queen saw her 
portrait, that she had had painted for the King, and that she 
had tied round the neck of her little daughter to play with, 
when she was nursing her in the tower. " Ah ! sire," said 
she, "what strange adventure is this? It renews all my 
griefs. However, let us speak to the shepherdess; we must 
try to know more about it." 



864 THE PRINCESS CABPILLON. 

She called her, and said, " My child, I haTO waited till this 
time for an admission firom you, whidi would have giyen ub 
much greater pleasure if you had made it without heing 
urged to do so; but since you continue to hide from us who 
you are, it is right to tell you that we know, and that the 
ring you gave us has solved the enigma.** '' Alas, my mother,** 
replied the Princess, throwing herself upon her knees before 
her, '' it was not from a want of confidence that I persisted 
in hiding my rank from you: I thought it would distreBS 
you to see a princess in the condition that I am. My fftther 
was king of the Peaceful Islands : his reign was troubled by 
a usurper, who confined him in a tower, with the Queen my 
mother. After three years of captivity, they procured means 
of escape; one of the guards assisted them. They lowered 
me, &voured by the darkness of the night, in a basket. The 
cord broke. I fell into the lake, without their knowing 
whether I was drowned or not Some fishermen who had 
thrown out their nets to catch carp, found me entan^ed in 
them. My size and weight induced them to think it was 
one of r the largest carps that was in the lake. These hopes 
vanished when they saw me. They thought they would throw 
me into the water again to feed the fishes, but finally they 
left me in the nets and carried me to the tyrant, who instantly 
knew by the flight of my fSounily that I was an unfortunate 
little princess, quite forsaken. His wife, who had never had 
any children, had pity on me. She took me herself and 
brought me up under the name of Carpillon. She perhaps 
wished me to forget my birth, but my heart always told me 
who I was; and sometimes it is a misfortime to possess 
feelings that conform so little to one*s situation. However 
that might be, a prince, named Bossu, came and conquered 
the usurper who deprived my father of the kingdom he was 
enjoying so peaceftdly. This removal of the tyrant made it 
worse for me. Prince Bossu carried me off as one of the 
brightest ornaments of his triumph, and resolved to many 
me against my inclination. In so great an extremity 1 de- 
termined to fly by myself, dressed as a shepherdess, and 
leading my cow. Prince Bossu, who sought for me every- 
where, and who overtook me, would no doubt have known 
me, if the Fairy Amazon had not generously given me 
a bouquet of gillyflowers, on purpose to protect me from my 



THB PBIKCB8S CABULLQN.' 365^ 

mtBudm, She was equally kind in sending zne to jou, mj 
gdod motilier,'* oontinued the Prinoeas; ^and if I did not de- 
elare my rank sooner to yon, it was not from want of confi- 
dsnee^ hot only with the yiew.of sparing yon trouble. Not 
tiiait I oompkon,'' oontinued she; '' I never knew happiness 
till the day you leoeiyed me; and I assure you I find a rural 
lUb so sweet and innocent^ that I do not hesitate to prefer it 
to that which they lead at court" 

' She vpcke so earnestly she did not perceive that the Queen 
was dissolved in tears, and the King^s eyes were also full of 
them; but as soon as she had fimshed, they hastened to 
embrace her, and held her in their arms some time without 
making a word. She was ss much s^fected as they were; 
she wept as they did; and it would be difficult to describe 
the miag^ pain and pleasure that agitated these three illus- 
trioois and unfortunate persons. At last the Queen, making 
an effort to speak, said to her, '* Is it possible, d^or child of 
my soul^ that after having so long and deeply regretted thy 
sad loss, the gods have restored thee to thy mother, to con- 
sole her in her misfortunes) Tes, my daiiS^ter, thou seest 
huer who bore thee, and nursed thee in thy earliest inlsuicy. 
Behold the author of thy being. Oh, light of our eyes ! 
O Princess ! whom the wrath of heaven deprived us of; with 
what transports shall we celebrate thy blessed return!" ^And 
I, my illustrious mother, and I, my dear Queen," cried the 
Princess, throwing hersdf at her feet^ " by what words, by 
what actions can I express to you both, all that the respect 
and love I owe you causes me to feel at this moment 1 Thou 
dear refuge from all my troubles, I find thee, just as I had 
ceased to flatter myself with hope 1 *' They renewed their 
embraces, and thus they passed some hours. Carpillon then 
withdrew. Her &ther and mother desired her not to mention 
what had just transpired ; for they were apprehensive of the 
curiosity of the shepherds of that country; and us they were 
for the most part rather unpolished, it was to be feared they 
would try to discover secrets which did not concern them. 

The Princess was silent on the subject to her companions 
in general, but she could not keep the secret from her young 
shepherd. How can we refrain from trusting those we 
love? She had reproached herself a thousand times, for con- 
cealiD^ h-om him her birth, '* What obAi^lioiaa^"* aA;^<i^ 



866 THE PBINCESS CAKPIIIXIir. 

 would he not have felt under to me, had he known that, 
being bom to a throne, I had humbled myself to hnnf Tet, 
alas 1 love makes little differenoe between the soeptre and the 
crook! Can the imaginary greatness, so much boasted d, 
actually possess the soul and satisfy it) No; yirtue alone has 
the right to do so. She places us above the throne, and can 
detach us from it ; the shepherd who loves me is wise, witty, 
and amiable. In what can a prince be superior to him?" 

As she indulged in these reflections, she saw him at her 
feet; he had followed her to the river-side: and presentiiig 
her with a garland of flowers of a charming variety, he said, 
'^ Whence came you, lovely shepherdess) For hours have 1 
been seeking you, and impatiently awaiting your arrival" 
" Shepherd," said she, ** I have been occupied by a wonder- 
ful adventure. I should reproach myself did I conceal it 
from you; but remember, that this mark of my confidence 
binds you to everlasting secresy. I am a princess, my fkther 
was a king, whom I have just discovered in the person of 
Sublime." 

The Prince was so astounded and agitated at this revela- 
tion, that he had not the power to interrupt her, while she 
related to him, in the kindest manner, her whole histoiy. 
What reason had he not to fear that the good shepherd who 
had educated him would, being a king, refuse him his daughter, 
or that she herself reflecting upon the difierence between a 
great Princess and himself, would one day withdraw from him 
the kindness she had at first shown him. " Ah, Madam," 
said he mournfully, " I am a lost man : I must die ! You 
are bom to a throne ; you have found your parents : and I 
am an unfortunate being who knows neither his country 
nor his kindred. An eagle was my foster-mother, and her 
nest my cradle ; if you have deigned to look upon me favour- 
ably, you will be advised to think of me no longer." The 
Princess mused for a moment, and, without answering him, 
she took a bodkin which kept up part of her beautiful hair, 
and wrote upon the bark of a tree  

" Canst thou love for love return I ** 

The Prince instantly wrote these words  

** Willi a thou&VEA {^xnft \ Xi^scrci ** 



THE PBINCESS CAUFELLON* 367 

- Hie Princess added underneath-^ 

*' Cease then, shepherd, to complain; 
Love, and be beloved again." 

The Prince, transported with joy, threw himself at her feet, 
and seizing one of her hands said, ** You ease my afflicted 
heart, adorable Princess, and by these new acts of kindness, 
you preserve my life, Remember what you have just written 
in my fisivour." "I am not likely to forget it," said she with 
a gracious smile ; " rely upon my heart, it is more interested 
in your behalf than in my own.*' Their conversation would 
have lasted much longer, if they had had more time; but, as 
they had to collect the flocks they were tending, they hastened 
to return. 

Meanwhile, the King and Queen were conferring together 
on the course they should pursue respecting Carpillon and the 
young shepherd. As long as she was a stranger to them, they 
approved of the gentle flame that was gradually kindling 
in their bosoms. The perfect beauty with which heaven had 
endowed them, their intellect, the grace which distinguished 
all their actions, made them desire that their union should be 
lasting; but they looked upon it with a very different eye, 
when they considered she was their daughter, and that the 
shepherd was without doubt only an unfortunate child, whose 
parents had exposed him to wild beasts, to save themselves 
the trouble of bringing him up. Finally, they resolved to 
tell Carpillon she must no longer encourage the hopes the 
youth had flattered himself with ; and that she must even 
seriously declare to him, that it was not her wish to establish 
herself in that country. 

The Queen called her early in the morning, and spoke with 
much kindness to her. But what words are capable of calm- 
ing a grief so violent? The Princess vainly endeavoured to 
constrain her feehngs; her &ce now suffused with burning 
blushes, now paler than if she had been on the point of 
death ; her eyes lustreless from sorrow, too plainly indicated 
the state of her heart. Ah! how much she regretted her 
confession! She assured her mother, however, with great 
submission, that she would follow her injunctions. She had 
scarcely strength to throw herself on her bed, ^Nhexft, Vsa^'eA. 
in tears, she uttered a thousand complamta Buixdi ^ ^ox^s^^xA 



S72 THE PRINCESS CAKPHLON. 

They talked thus to eaeh other till they reached the dtf, 
where the good old King resided^ the &ther of the horrible 
humpback. He was informed they had brought his flou 
home on a litter, as a young shepherd, m defending In 
shepherdess, had struck him with a stone from his eHing witii 
so much force, that he was dangerously wounded. At tiien 
tidings the king, shocked to learn his only son was in tin 
state, ordered them to put the shepherd in prison. He 
humpback gave a secret order that Carpillon should be 
treated in like manner. He had resolved, either that sb 
should marry him, or that she should be tortured to desdi, 
so that the lovers were separated only by an ill-made door, 
through the chinks of which they had the sad consolation of 
seeing each other while it was broad daylight, and the rest of 
the day and night they could converse together. 

What did they not say that was affectionate and loying 
to each other ! All that the heart could feel, or the mind 
imagine, they expressed in such touching terms, that tfaoj 
were bathed in tears; and perhaps the reader would be equally 
afifected if we repeated them. 

The confidants of the humpback came every day to see 
the Princess, and threaten her with speedy execution if she 
did not purchase her life by consenting with a good grace to 
marry him. She received these propositions with a finnness, 
and an air of defiance, that made them despair of their 
undertaking ; and as soon as she could speak to the Prince 
she said, '^Fear not, my shepherd, that the dread of the 
most cruel tortures will shake my constancy ; we wiU die, 
since we cannot live together." " Do you hope then to com- 
fort me, beautiful Princess?" said he. "Alas! would I not 
rather see you in that monster's arms than in the hands of 
the executioner with which he threatens you?" She chided 
him for such sentiments, accused him of weakness, and 
assured him again and again that she would show hinn how 
to die with courage. 

The humpback's wound being nearly healed, his love, irri- 
tated by the continual refusals of the Princess, made him 
determined to sacrifice to his rage the shepherd who had eo 
ill-used hiuL He fixed the day for. this dismal tragedy, and 
invited the King, with all his senators, and the grandees of 
the kingdom, to come aiid. V\\*xkffi^ *\\m '^'^ 'w^a "i^vsc!^ Sa^^si 



:s ZHS iBiNGXsa q&bullon. 869 

^fNafing this alfeotiDg and tender intemew, the Fairy, their 
^^ieotresBy suddenly appeared in the King's chamber: she 
^p anned as usnal; the gems with which her coirass and 
;^4m( were covered, were less brilliant than her eyes: ad- 
^jprfUff herself to tibe Queen, she. said, ^'Tou are not too 
^^iWh^ Madam, for the present I. made, you, in restoring 
^llH.^yanr daughter, who would have been drowned in the 
j|li without my aasistance, since you are about to cause the 
JiA of the shepherd I confided to your carq.  Think no 
TJpier of the diiOSsrence that may perhaps exist .between 
j|Band Garpillon; it is time they should be united. Pre- 
Mgn, illustrious Sublime,'- said she to the King; ^for their 
plaiage  I desire it  and you will never have cause to re- 
"pmt if With these worda^ and not waiting for their reply, 
l^.lsft them, leaving only a long sfcream of li^t behind 
hat as she disappeared, resembling the rays of the sun. 
if* i The King and Queen were equ^y astonished and delighted 
Hnt the Fairy's commands were so positive. '^ One cannot 
4ocht,** said the Kin^ ''that this unknown shepherd is of 
psL eqpial birth with Garpillon: his protectress is too noble 
to wish to unite two persons unsuitable to each other. It is 
ihs, as you perceive, who saved our daughter from perishing 
In the lake. How have we deserved her &vourf ** '' I have 
always heard say," replied the Queen, ^ there are good and 
bad fiuries, that they take a liking or an aversion to a &mily 
according to their hun^our, and evidently the Faiiy Amazon 
^vours us." They were still in conversation,- when the 
Princess returned dejected and suffering. The Prince, who 
dared not follow her but at a distance, arrived some time 
after, so melancholy, that a glance at his features was sufficient 
to show what was passing in his mind. During the whole meal 
these poor lovers, who were wont to be the joy of the house, 
did not utter a word ; nor even venture to raise their eyes. 

As soon as they rose from table, the King went into his 
little garden, and desired the shepherd to follow him. At 
this order, he turned pale. A strange shivering ran through 
all his veins, and Carpillon believing her father was going to 
send him away, was no less alarmed than he was. Sublime 
entered an arbour, seated himself, and looking at the Prince, 
he said, " My sou, you know with what affection I have 
brought you up. I have looked upon, you aa a i^tq(B0C^ %cQk\k 

BB 



874 THE PRINCESS CABFILLON. 

imaginable ; but these sounds were shortly succeeded by a 
soft symphony^ to which melodious voices sang the praises 
of the Prince and Princess. The Fairy Amazon dismounted 
from her horse, placed herself beside the King, and begged 
him to order immediately all that was required for the cele- 
bration of the marriage of the Prince and Princess. She coin- 
manded a little fairy, who appeared as^soon as she called her, 
to go for the Shepherd King, the Queen and her daughters, 
and to return with them instantly. Immediately the Faiiy 
disappeared, and returned as quickly with the Ulustrious 
exiles. What happiness after so many afflictions! The palace 
resounded with ^outs.of joy, and nothing was ever equal to 
that of these sovereigns and their children. The Fairy Amairm 
gave her orders* in every direction. One word of hers did more 
work than a hundred thousand people. The nuptials wero 
celebrated with greater magnificence than had ever been seeQ 
previously. King Sublime returned to his dominions; Gar- 
pillon had the gratification of conducting him thither with 
her husband. The old King, enchanted to have a son so 
worthy of his affection, became young again ; at all events, he 
was so happy in his old age, that he Hved much longer in 
consequence. 

Youth is the season when the human heart 
By master minds can moulded be with ease ; 
As to soft wax the fingers can impart 
JBy gentle pressure any form they please. 

Then may the future man be lost or saved : 

The vice that stains  the virtue that may grace it  

Once on the heart in infancy engraved, * 

Rarely in after years can aught efface it. 

On Life's uncertain sea, in early age, 
Happy is he who spreads his hopeful sail 
Under the guidance of a pilot sage, 
Who knows the shoals, and can foresee the gale. 

The Prince, whose portrait I have tried to take. 
Had nought of quicksand, or of storm to dread ; 
A prosperous voyage he scarce could fail to make. 
While by the Royal Shepherd piloted. 

'Tis true that Love was not to be defied : 

But hence, ye censors who the youth would blame : 

Let Reason only the affections guide, 

And Love lends lustre to the hero's fame ! 



I* ' 



THE BENEFICENT FEOG. 



^ Once upon a time there was a King^ who for a long while 
-mmintained a war against his neighbours. After several battles^ 
HStoy besieged his capital city. He was anxious about the 
'Queen, who was near her confinement, and he entreated her 
^to retire to a castle that he had fortified, and where he had 
never been but once. The Queen employed prayers and tears 
to persuade him to allow her to remain near him. She wished 
to share his fate, and uttered piercing cries when he placed her 
in her chariot to depart However, he oonunanded his guards 
"to accompany her, and promised her to steal away as secretly 
as ha could to visit her. He flattered her with this hope ; for 
the castle was ax ofi^ surrounded by a thick forest, and with- 
out knowing the roads well, there was no getting to it. 

The Queen set out, very sorrowful at leaving her husband 
to the dangers of the war ; they travelled with her by short 
stages, fearing she would be fatigued by so long a journey; 
at length she arrived at her castle very uneasy and melan- 
choly. After she was sufficiently rested, she wished to make 
excursions in the neighbourhood; but she found nothing that 
could amuse her. She looked aJl aroimd her; she saw im- 
mense deserts, which rather increased than diminished her 
sorrow. She looked at them sadly, and sometimes said, '^ What 
a difference between this abode and the one I have been in 
all my life. If I stay here much longer, I shall die. Who is 
there to talk to in these solitary places) To whom can 
I unburden my heart 1 and what have I done to the King 
that he should banish me ? It seems as though he would 
make me feel all the bitterness of his absence, when he sends 
me away to this horrid castle." 

Such were the lamentationa she m4\i\.^^^m-j ^xA^^SOs^^-vis!!^ 



876 THE BENEFICENT 7R0G. 

the King wrote to her every day, imd gave her good sews of 
the siege, she became more and more miserable, and ym 
determined to return to him; but as the offioers he had 
placed about her were ordered not to return with her unless 
he sent a courier expressly for her, she gave them no hint of 
her intention. She had a little chariot made just large enou^ 
for herself on the pretence that she meant to hunt occft' 
sionally. She drove it herself and followed the dogs so dose^ 
that the huntsmen could not keep up with her. By these means 
she became perfect mistress of her chariot, and was in a posh 
tion to go whenever she liked. There was but one difficulty, 
which was her ignorance of the roads in the forest ; but he 
flattered herself the gods would protect her on her journey: 
and after offering them a few sacnfices, she announced her in- 
tention to have a grand hunt, at which she requested everybo^ 
would be present; that she would go in her chariot, and that 
each person should take a different route, that there should be 
no escape for the wild beasts. They separated acoordin^y. The 
young Queen, who thought she should soon see her husband 
again, had dressed herself to great advantage. Her capeline^ 
was covered with feathers of difierent colours, her vest onift- 
mented with jewels; and her beauty, which was uncommon, 
made her appear like a second Diana. While her suite were 
occupied by the pleasures of the chase, she gave her horses 
their heads, urging them to speed by her voice, and a few 
touches 0^ the whip. From a fast trot they soon broke into 
a gallop, and finally took the bits between their teeth. The 
chariot seemed whirled onward by the winds. The eye could 
scarcely follow it. The poor Queen too late repented her 
temerity. " What have I undertaken 1 " said she : " how is it 
possible for me to guide horses so spirited and unmanageable? 
Alas ! what will become of me ? Ah, if the King thought 
I was in such danger as this, what would be his feelings! he 
who loves me so dearly, and who only sent me from the 
capital to place me in greater security. How have I repaid 
his tender care of me ! and this dear child yet tfnbom will 
be also the victim of my imprudence." The air resoimded 
with her sad lamentations. She invoked the gods, she called 
the &iries to her assistance ; but the gods and the ^ries had 
abandoned her. The chariot was overturned; she had not 



THl HKKEFIGXMT IBOC^ 877 

K a toa^gl fa enough to JTunp ont qaidklj; her foot wm caught 
. 1 between the wheel afid uie axktrea It may be easily imar 
i: gibed that it was by nothing less than a mirade that she 
K enaped with life from so teirible an accident, 
a She was left prostrate on the ground at the foot of a tree, 
K inMudble and speechless, her &oe covered with blood. She 
K venudned in this condition for a long time. When she opened 
m hat ^es, she saw standing beside ^ a woman of a gigantic 
E fliae^ dolled only in a lion's hide. Her arms and 1^ were 
n luikedf her hair tied togetherwith the dried skin of a serpent, 
the head of which hung upon her shoulders. She had a stone 
blub in her hand, which served as a^ staff lor her to lean 
upon; and a quiver full of arrows at her side. So extraor- 
dinaiT a figure convinced the Queen that she was dead; 
for after so serious an accident^ she did not imagine she could 
be still alive; and in a low tone she said, ^'I am not at all 
surprised that mortals are so imwilling to die ; what one sees 
in the other world is very frightfuL" The giantess, who was 
listening to her, could not help laughing at the idea of the 
Queen's thinking she was dead. ** Kebover thy senseGf,** said 
die to her; " know that thou art stUl among the living; but 
thy fieite ^nill scarcely be less sad. I am the Fairy Lioness, 
who dwells hardby; you most come and pass your days with 
me." The Queen looked sorrowfully at her, and said, " If 
you would take me back to my castle. Madam Lioness, and 
inform the King what price he must pay for my ransom, he 
loves me so dearly that he would not even refuse you the 
half of his kingdom." " No," replied the Fairy ; " I am. suf- 
ficiently rich. I have for some time been very dull, living 
alone : thou hast some wit, perhaps thou mayest amuse me." 
In saying this, she changed hersefr into a lioness, and placing 
the Queen upon her back, she carried her down to the bottom 
of her terrible grotto. As soon as she reached it, she cured 
her of the hurts she had received, by rubbing her with a 
peculiar liquid. 

How astonished and distressed was the poor Queen to find 
herself in this frightful abode ! The descent to it was by ten 
thousand steps, which led to the very centre of the earth. 
There was no other light there, but that from several large 
lamps, which was reflected by a lake of quicksilv^Y. T'^ 
lake was covered with monsters, whose "vmwJA ioxtaa txos 



878 THE BENEFICENT EBOG. 

have terrified a more courageoiis queen. Great owls, soreecli- 
owls, ravens, and other birds of sinister omeD, were to be 
heard there ; and in the distance could be seen a mountain, 
from which trickled waters into an all but stagnant pool 
These were all the tears that had ever been shed by imforto- 
nate lovers, and collected in reservoirs by oompaaBicniiAiiig 
Cupids. The trees had neither leaves nor fruit ; the ground 
was covered with briars and nettles.^ The food was suitaide 
to the climate of so hateful a country. Dried roota^ hon- 
ohestnuts, and the berries of the wild briars, were all thit 
could be found to relieve the hunger of the unfortunate 
beings who fell into the hands of the Fairy Lioness. 

As soon as the Queen was able to work, the Fairy told ha 
she might build herself a hut, as she would have to remain 
with her all her life. At these words the Queen could not 
refrain from crying. " Ah ! what have I done to you," ex- 
claimed she, " tiiat you should keep me here 1 If my death, 
which I feel approaching, will afford you any pleasure, kill 
me at once, it is all I venture to hope for from your pity; 
but do not condenm me to a long and wretched ezistenoe 
apart from my husband." The Lioness ridiculed her distresB^ 
and told her she would advise her to dry up her tears, and 
try to please her ; that if she did otherwise, she would be the 
most miserable person in the world. " What must I do then," 
said the Queen, " to soften your heart V* "I am very fond," 
said the Fairy, " of fly-pies." It is my desire that you find 
means of catching enough flies to make a large and excellent 
pie." "But," said the Queen, " I do not see any here; and 
if there were any, it is not light enough to catch them ; and 
if I had caught them, I never made pastry : so that you give 
me an order that I cannot execute." " No matter," said the 
merciless Lioness, " I will have what I order." 

The Queen made no reply. She thought that in spite of 
the cruel Fairy, she had but one life to lose, and in her 
wretched situation, what had she to fear) Instead then of 
seeking for flies, she sat herself down under a yew-tree, and 
thus began her sorrowful lamentations : " What will be your 
distress, my dear husband," said she, " when you seek and 
cannot find me 1 You will imagine I am dead, or unfaithful ; 

(1)1 have omitted here the word ouei*, as I could not convey in English the double 



fm joasasscasm jbog. S79 

and I would rather joa ds^ored the loes of xnj life, than of 
mya&otion. They wiU find perehanoe in the forest, the frag- 
ments of my chariot^ and aU the oniamente that I woro 
hapeof pleaangyou; at audi a sight you will no longer doubt 
that I am dead; and how can I be certain that you will not 
give to another my place in your heart? But at all eyents, I 
hall not know it, for I am neyer to return to the world." 
8be would haye continued a long time^ lamenting in this 
ptannery if she had not heard over her head the mournful 
oroaldng of a raven. She raised her eyes, and by feivour of 
the little light that glimmered on the bank, she saw a laige 
laven with a frog in its daws, and evincing a decided inten- 
tion of eating it quickly. '' Although these is nothing here 
to relieve me," said she, ^I will not neglect to save a poor 
firog^ who is in as much distress in its way as I am in mine." 
She caught up the first stick she could find^ and made the 
saven abandon its prey. The Frog fell to the ground^ remained 
for some time stupefied, then, recovering its frogish senses, 
aaidy '^ Beautiful Queen, you are the only kind-heiffted person 
I have seen in these r^ons since my curiosity led me to 
them." ''By what mirade are you able to speak, little Frog," 
aaid the Queen; ''and who are the persons you have seen 
here, for as yet I have not seen any)" " All the monsters 
with which this lake is covered," replied the Httle Frog, "have 
once been in the world; some of them kinga^ others in the 
confidence of their sovereigns ; there are even some here who 
have been the mistresses of kings, and cost the state much 
precious blood. They are those whom you see metamorphosed 
into leeches. Fate sends thein hither for a certain time, but 
none of them return any better, or correct themselves of their 
&ults." "1 can easily understand," said the Queen, "that 
the herding of many wicked people together, would not tend 
to their reformation; but with regard to yourseli^ good gossip 
Frog, what do you do here 1" " Curiosity induced me to come 
hither," replied she : " I am half a foirv : mv power is limited 
in certain thiiigs, a^d yeiy extensive i^ o^n; if the Fairy 
Lioness recognised me in her dominions, she would kill me." 
" How is it possible," said the Queen, " that being a fidry, 
or half a fairy, a raven was about to eat you?" "Two words 
will make you amderstand it," replied the Frog; "when I 
have my little hood of roses on my heaA, in. \i!i[^ i 



880 THE BENHCNT FROG. 

consists my greatest power, I fear nothing; but unfortnnatdy 
I had left it in the marsh, when this wicked layen ponnoed 
upon me. I confess, Madam, but for you I should be no more; 
and since I owe my life to you, if I can do anything to com- 
fort yours, you may command me in any way you pleaaei" 
*' Alas ! my dear Frog," said the Queen, *' the wicked Fairy, 
who holds me captive, wants me to make her a fly-pasty; 
there are no flies here, and even were there any, one cannot 
see well enough to catch them, and I run a great risk d 
being beaten to death." '' Leave it to me," said the Frog^ 
" I will provide you with plenty before long." She imme- 
diately rubbed herself with sugar, and more than six thouasiid 
frogs, friends of hers, did the same ; she then went into a 
place filled with flies  the wicked Fairy had a store-hooae 
for them expressly to torment certain unfortunate beings. 
As soon as the flies smelt the sugar they settled upon it, and 
the friendly frogs returned at full gallop to the Queen. There 
had never been such a take of flies, nor a better pasty than 
she made for the Fairy Lioness. When she presented it to 
her, she was very much surprised, not at all understanding 
by what means ^e could have caught them. 

The Queen, who was exposed to all the influences of the 
air, which was poisonous, cut down some cypress-trees, to 
begin building her hut with. The Frog generously came 
to offer her services, and putting herself at the head of all 
those who went fly-catching, they assisted the Queen in 
erecting her little edifice, which was the prettiest in the 
world; but she had scarcely gone to bed in it, when the 
monsters from the lake, envious of her repose, came to tor- 
ment her, by the most horrible clamour that had ever been 
heard. She arose quite terrified, and fled from the building, 
which was just what the monsters wanted. A dragon, in 
former days the tyrant of one of the finest kingdoms in the 
world, took immediate possession of it. 

The poor afflicted Queen complained of this outrage, but 
she was only laughed at. The monsters hooted her, and the 
Fairy Lioness told her, that in future, if she stunned her with 
her lamentations, she would break every bone in her body. 
She was obliged to hold her tongue, and have recourse to the 
Frog, who was certainly the best creature in the world. They 
wept together, for as ^oon aa ^e ^o^^'ea^ Vi^t kood of roses, 



THE BENEHCENT FBOO. 381 

able to laugh and to cry like any one else. '' I have/* 
3, ** so much affection for you, that I will rebuild your 
Lon, let all the monsters of the lake be ever so furious 
t" She began cutting the wood on the spot, and the 
I little rustic palace was built so quickly that she slept 
e same night 

Frog, attentive to all that was necessary for the Queen, 
ler a bed of creeping-thyme and wild-thyme. When 
ked Fairy found that the Queen no longer slept upon 
e earth, she sent for her. " Who are the men or the gods 
rotect you)*' said she. ''This land, on which no 
3 fall, save of sulphur and fire, has never produced as 
as a leaf of sage, and I learn, notwithstanding, that 
rous herbs grow in your path.** " I am ignorant of 
use, of it, Madam,** said the Queen; ''if I may at- 

it to anything, it is to my in&nt, yet imbom, who 
trhaps be less unfortimate than mysell** "I have a 

said the Fairy, "to have a bouquet of the rarest 
; try if your little brat*s good fortune will supply them 
. ; if it fail to do so, stripes will not &il you ; for I often 
ster them, and administer them wonderfully well.** 
leen began to weep ; such threats were anything but 
3le to her; and the impossibility of finding any flowers 
ber into despair. 

returned to her little dwelling: her friend the Frog 
her. " How melancholy you seem!'* said she to the 
"Alas! my dear gossip, who could be otherwise 1 
liry wants a nosegay of the finest flowers; where shall 
them) Tou see those which grow here, and yet my 
in danger if I do not satisfy her.** "Amiable Princess," 
e Frog, graciously, " I must endeavour to get you out 
difficulty; there is a bat here, the only one I have had 
alings with ; she is a good creature, ^e will go faster 
can, I will give her my hood of roses, and with this 
ice she will find you some flowers." The Queen made 
low curtsy, for there was no way of embracing the 
'>og. 

latter went immediately to speak to the bat, who in 
hours returned, hiding some beautiful flowers under 
Qgs. The Queen quickly carried them, to iVka ^<53&si^ 
who was more suiprised than she laad e^eit \ifcekW,\ji% 



882 THB BENEHCENT FROG. 

unable to understand by what mirade the Qneen was bo be- 
friended. 

The Princess was incessantly looking for the meaai to 
escape. She acquainted the good Frog with her wiihi nbo 
said, ''Madam, permit me first of all to consult my littilD 
hood, and we will act according to its advioe; she took it, 
and having placed it on a rush, she burned some slips of 
juniper wood, some capers, and two littlie green peas; she tbn 
croaked five times, after which cisremony, putting the hood 
of' roses on, she began to speak like an oracle. 

'* Destiny, ruler of everything," said she, " forbids you to 
quit these regions; you will give birth here to a prinoes 
more beautiful than the mother of the Loves; for the resf^ do 
not trouble yourself Time alone can relieve you." ' 

The Queen cast down her eyes, and tears fell from them, 
but she resolved to trust her friend. " At all events," sud 
she, '' do not desert me ; be at my confinement, since it k 
decreed that it must take place here.** The good Frog pzo- 
mised to be her Lucina,^ and consoled her as much as die 
could. 

But it is time to return to the Ring. While his enemiee 
were besieging him in his capital city, he could not regulaily 
send couriers to the Queen; having however made several 
sallies, he compelled them to raise the siege, and felt less 
happy at this success on his own accoimt than on that of his 
dear Queen, whom it enabled him to fetch home without 
fear. He was ignorant of her disaster ; none of his officers ven- 
tured to inform him of it ; they had found in the forest the 
remains of the chariot, the runaway horses, and all the Ama- 
zonian ornaments she had put on in the idea of rejoining him. 

As they had no doubt of her death, and believed her body 
to have been devoured by wild beasts, they agreed among 
themselves to persuade the King that she had died suddenly. 
At this sad news he thought he should die of grief himself 
hair torn, tears shed, mournful exclamations, sobs, sighs, and 
other small duties of widowhood,  nothing was wanting on 
this occasion. 

After passing several days without seeing any one, or 
wishing to be seen, he returned to his capital city dressed in 

(1) The goddess who presided over child-birth.; said by some to be the daughter 
Of /apiter and Juno -, by others, 3vmo\vTe\t, Q!t\>\aaM^ 



THE BENEFICENT EROG. 888 

ieep mourning, which he felt more at heart than his attire 
could testify. All the ambassadors of the neighbouring kings 
came to condole with him, and after the ceremonies which 
are inseparable from such occurrences, he applied himself to 
giving repose to his subjects, exempting them from war^ and 
procuring for them an extensive commerce. 

The Queen was ignorant of all these matters; the time for 
her confinement arrived; she was safely put to bed, and 
Heaven blessed her with a little princess, as beautiful as the 
Frog predicted. They named her Moufette, and the Queen 
with much difficulty ootained permission from the Fairy 
Lioness to nurse it ; for the ferocious and barbarous Fairy had 
a great desire to eat it. 

Moufette, the wonder of her age, was already six months 
old, and the Queen looking at her with affection mingled with 
pity, would incessantly say, "Ah! if the King, thy father, 
could see thee, my poor little baby, how delighted he would 
be ! How dear thou wouldst be to him ! But perhaps at this 
moment he is beginning to forget me : he thinks we are for 
ever buried in the horrors of death ; perhaps at this moment 
another occupies that place in his heart which he once ac- 
2orded to me." 

These sad reflections cost her many tears. The Frog, who 
truly loved her, seeing her weep, said to her one day, " If you 
wish it, Madam, I will go and find the King, your husband ; 
the journey is long, I travel slowly, but at last, a little sooner 
or later, I hope to accomplish it." This proposal could not 
have been more agreeably received than it was by the Queen, 
who clasped her hands, and even made Moufette join hers, 
to show Madam Frog how obliged she would be if she would 
undertake the journey. She assured her the King would 
Qot be ungrateful to her. " But,*' continued she, " of what 
utility will it be to him to know I am in this sad abode? it 
^ill be impossible for him to rescue me from it. " Madam," 
replied the Frog, " we must leave that care to the gods, and 
ittend to what depends upon ourselves." 

They took leave of each other immediately; the Queen 
wrote to the King with her own blood upon a small piece of 
linen, for she had neither ink nor paper. She begged him to 
trust the worthy Frog in all respects, who would give him 
lews of her. 







t, , wHk n E^^M mUe; t^hc H^d  ifa bl 
Ni, . BvmvlBrfBlwr-, wcnl sler-4Sto^iMBdaspigB| 

(xhI I tlw Mttila, to wbMB 1^ bad coBfided Oe on of Itt 

ttiiiir iif innrvuUolu roaea, always &eA and bloann^ ttmm 
liai l^-itlor tiian anything. She iras ntbo- a eoqnette b bi 

nnVi 'IiIkIi Imliiuod her to use rouge and patdies; tfaeyeiai 
till) t ! )>iiliit<i'l,' ofi tho greater number of the ladies did in 
tlittt IS tilt lyi tint tlio mattor being looked into, it wn finad 
lu b* t  lUfN ouidkl of her enemiea. 

Htii M mvvH yiutni on her journey, during whidi ttme tite 
iit>,<i iji> 'I'll 'iitti'ml iiii'X[irc!il)lc piiiDH and hardfhi^ and 
 II |l^ttl 'it' lwitiilit\il Mimrutto to coiiRolc her she voulil hive 
ilii'il a I iilivil, mill 11 liutidrcd timea over again. This won- 
ilni|\il li II' cronluro iiover opened her mouth, nor spoke 
A \\\'\\\ ill " Im di'l not chnmi her mother; she even tamed 
|llk< ImihI I'Ulii Wiy I'inneas,  and in short, afterthe Queen 
Umi (UMi'ii' "1% J"!**!* ill tliia horrible abode, she allowed her 
i.. u- hMtiliiijg, iiii I'ouditiou that all she killed should be 

Mi.ft ti>l^ihii>>l ** l.lii' (loiir Queen, once more to behold 

,*. I..II '\w  < m> iHViiViislouied to it that she was fearful 

I ..it.y,, ',s!in,l \* 10 M.Mifoito. she uas so skilful, thottgli 

1 iii. . I .i\ i>Mit iW, ihi Sighing escaj^d her that^e 

.., s Vi, .Aivi>t,u* SV i-n.-.tiier aud daughter tamed 

.1 V i.^y-(\ .V'tNf Yx.TT lii^ness. 

-;. - *\*> u' .sy sM,i Tiirfit over lull and dale, 
,- \,, - ., 1., ij.iv ,' liie cspital tity, wbei* 



THE BENEHCENT B06. SSf 

lie King held bis court ; she was surprised at seeing every ^ 
rbere nothing but dancing and feasting. People laughci^ 
nd sang, and the nearer she approached tiie city, the great w 
ppeared the joy and the merrymaking. Her marshy eq' ^ 
age surprised everybody  every one followed her, and ^^ 
rowd became so great when she entered the city, that ^3 
ad much difficulty in reaching the palace. There eve^f- 
bing was magnificent. The King, who had been nine y rs 
"widower, had at last yielded to liie prayers of his subj iS, 
nd he was on the point of marrying a princess certainly ass 
eautifiil than his wife, but who was nevertheless very chum- 
ag. The good Frog, having alighted from her car, entlred 
he King's palace followed by her retinue. She had no>occa- 
ion to demand an audience; the monarch, his betrothed, and 
H the princes were too anxious to learn the reason ( her 
joming to interrupt her. "Sire," said she, "I knc not 
vhether the news I bring you will give you pain or pi - sure ; 
ihe wedding which is about to take place convinces ' ne of 
jTour infidelity to the Queen." " Her memory is alw fs dear 
:o me," said the King, shedding tears from which 1 . could 
lot refrain ; " but you must know, pretty Frog, t? , \ kings 
cannot always do as they wish. It is now nine year, that my 
subjects have been urging me to marry again. Th Z require 
Trom me an heir to the throne. I have therefore c 'sen this 
p-oung princess, who appears to me most cham *. g." " I 
advise you not to marry her," said the Frog, " fc p )olygamy 
is a hanging matter. The Queen is not dead ; hei is a letter 
written in her own blood which she has entrusted o me; you 
have a little princess called Moufette, who is more beautiful 
than all the goddesses combined." 

The King took the little piece of linen on which the Queen 
had scribbled a few words, kissed it, and bathed it with his 
tears ; he showed it to all the assembly, saying he recollected 
perfectly her handwriting ; he asked a thousant. questions of 
the Frog, to all of which she answered with as much sense as 
vivacity. The affianced princess, and the ambassadors who 
were appointed to witness the celebration of her marriage, 
made very wry faces. " How, Sire," said the most eminent 
amongst them, " can you, upon the assertion of a little toad 
like this, break off so solemn a marriage % This scum of the 
marsh has the impertinence to come witYi a feX&^o^^ 

c c 



TBE BENEHCENT FHOG. , 

ymir court, and enjoy the pleasure of being liateued tol 
(' Mlntur Ambassador, said the Frog, "learn that I am noi 
llie wum of the miirshj and since I must here display mj 
kiioiioo. Come, FuirieB and vassals, appear!" All the littie 
k>l^, mt, snails, lizards, with herself at their head, appaireJ 
ItKiKlinijly. but no longer in the form of such nasty little 
JRiiihUi Uieir figures were lofty and majestic, their connte- 
UKHMM jilwuing, with eyes more brilliant than tha stars; eadi 
vt Uma wore a orown of jawels on its head, and upon ttu 
iiltouMpn H royal mantle of velvet, lined with ermine, with a 
lit(| U\ia which was carried by a male or female dvut 
M th naiiw time, behold, trumpets, kettie-drums, hautbo;! 
mul (Iniliw piurtieii the air with tbeu- lively and martiJ 
fltivl* ; all tlkO ^iries and vassals began to dance a ballet, M 
Hultltjr ihat tlie least jump carried dkem np to the mling 
Hio i|Jfv>Au\o King and the intended Queen were not lea 
wli>u|ll>d, nlieu they saw all at once these honourable 
ilttUOOiM luet-iunorphosed into flowers  jasmine, jonquiK vio- 
totlt ptuks. and tuberoses. It w^is an animated parterre, tlie 
uvotuttous of which eihilorated the senses as much by tLair 
)*rftlmo as by their grare. 

,V moment aflerwar^is the Sowers vanished, and sevenJ 
t'l'itutalns appeared in their places ; tbev rose rapidly and fell 
iiiln 11 lai^ canal, which flowed at the foot of the castle. 
Il \v!ks covered with little painted and gilded galleys, ao 
I'lvtty and gay, that the Princess invito her ambassadora to 
a- ill with her to sail about. Tbev did so willingly, oon- 
kiilnring it to be an entertainment that woidd be followed bj 
u happy wedding. 

As 8i>ou as thoy were emlxirked. the sallev. the stream, Mf 
all the fountains disjipiieared. and the fri.-gs became irog 
a^iiin.^ The King iiu|uii\ii what had become of his Princes 
The Vrog rv-plitd, - S:iri\ you have no right to any one btf 
the Quecu your wile ; if t were not s^^ givat a friend of her. 
1 should iK.t give luyself anv tu>uble about your intendei 
. but^ she is so -ood. and your daughter Moufette i 

'' "' ' '' '--'se a moment in trying ti 

yoi;. Madaui Frv-g," said th 
ly wife \v:\s ue-t dead, there! 
1 do lo i-eeover her." " Att 
;A \\\ N^;^M 'jT^-seiioe," regli 



tely. t\M 






THE BENEFICJSNT FBOO. 887 

she, *^ it appears to me that you ought to be conyinced of 
what I tell you. Leave your kingdom in good hands, and do 
not delay your departure. Here is a ring which will enable 
you to see the Queen, and to speak to the Fairy Lioness, 
although she is the most terrible creature in the world." 

The King, no longer caring for the Princess who had been 
Bslected for him, felt that as his pafi8i(i for her diminished, 
faifl former love for the Queen became stronger than ever. 

He set out, without permitting any one to accompany him, 
and made some very valuable presents to the Frog. " Do not 
be discouraged,'* said she to him ; " you will have some tre- 
mendous difficulties to surmotmt, but I hope you will succeed 
in accomplishing your object" The King, fortified by these 
promises, departed in search of his dear Queen, with no other 
gnide but his ring. 

As Moufette became older, her beauty so greatly increased, 
that all the monsters of the quicksilver lake became in love 
with her. Dragons of the most hideous form were seen to come 
and crawl at her feet Although she had beheld them from 
in&ncy, her beautifdl eyes could not get accustomed to them; 
she would fly and hide herself in her mother's arms. " Shall 
we be a long time here ) " she asked her. " Will our miseries 
never be ended ? " The Queen would give her hopcEf, to console 
her, but at heart she had none herself The absence of the Frog, 
her profound silence, so long a time having elapsed without 
any news of the King,  ^all this, I say, af^icted her severely. 

The Fairy Lioness by degrees accustomed herself to take 
them out with her when she went hunting. She was fond of 
good eating; she liked the game they killed for her, and 
though all she gave them in reward for their trouble was the 
feet or the head, still it was a great thing for them to be 
permitted again to behold the light of day. The Fairy took 
the form of a Lioness, the Queen and her daughter rode upon 
her, and thus hunted through the forest 

The King, conducted by his ring, having stopped to rest in 
a forest, he saw them pass like an arrow from a bow. They 
did not see him. He endeavoiu'ed to follow them, but lost 
sight of them completely. 

Notwithstanding the Queen's incessant troubles, her beauty 
was not at all diminished. She appeared, mox^ \on^'^ >Oci<eccL 
erer, All his affection for her was rekindled , atAfe^Ti^ ^\3X^ 

CO 2 



\fic ?.:-:; -ill.-: ili^l 311- 

lifk:  :.iiiir * iware 

of ;. v.iL ba^ -^ 

H^ ... ":si2jn ^iie rowe 

V 

A ...;;;. Tir Like : 

It ..: wtrfs. She 

t ..1 Lz.'L thee. 
1 : V ' ifjufet 

 . - ..rvcLLiwr-i to 
.; r.^rr-y-mied 

>. i..;i the rest 

!. >:.! Wilted 
. ... .;..;..: he ai-pea 
'..::. .' O'lurage 

' '  : hci-r paw t 

-: ::::. whici 
 .-. .* ; ui erv. I 

;   - .  ^^-^ ^ ^ ^2. 



r: THE BENEHCENT FBOG. 389 

.^ed to tbem as loudly as he could, and they heard him, 
. how could he reach them 1 While he was endeavouring 
liud out some way, the Fairy Lioness disappeared. He 
J. along the edge of the lake; but when he had nearly 
'iied ^e transparent palace on one side, it receded from 
L with an astonishing swiftness to the other, and his ex- 
cations were thus continually frustrated. The Queen, 
' 'ing that he would at last become weary of this work, 
~  d out to him not to lose courage ; for the Fairy's object 
To to tire him, but that true love was not to be rebutted 
~ any difficulties ; and with that she and Moufette stretched 
' '^. their hands to him, and made all manner of supplicating 
.ions. At this sight the King was more than ever affected. 
'' 3 ZBised his voice, and swore by the rivers Styx and Acheron 
' remain for the rest of his life in those miserable regions, 
" ther than return without them. 

 He must have been endued with wonderful perseverance. 

- a passed his time as sadly as any king in the world. The 

"xmnd, full of brambles and covered with thorns, was his 

-od j he had nothing to eat but the wild fruits, bitterer than 

-nil; and he had continually to defend himself against assaults 

rom the monsters of the lake. A husband who could go 

'^hrough all this in order to recover his wife, must certainly. 

lave lived in the time of Fairies ; and his proceedings suffi- 

'iently mark the epoch of my story. ^ 

Three years passed without the King's perceiving any hope 
of success. He was nearly mad. A hundred times he was 
on the point of throwing himself into the lake ; and he would 
have done so, if he could have imagined this last step would 
have released the Queen and Princess from their sorrows. 
He was running one day as usual, first on one side of the lake 
and then on the other, when a horrible Dragon called to him, 
and said, " If you will swear to me by your crown and by 
your sceptre, by your royal mantle, by your wife and your 
daughter, to give me a certain tit-bit to eat, which I am 
very fond of, and will ask you fbr when I want it, I will 
take you on my wings, and in spite of all the monsters who 
cover the lake, and who guard this crystal castle, I pro- 
mise you that we will carry away the Queen and Princess 
Moufette." 

(1 ) This pleasantry is repeated in the verses thai termVnale l\ve \a\ft. 



890 THE BSNEFICENT FBOG. 

'^Ah, thou dear Dragon of my soul!" cried the Ein^ 
*' I swear to you, and to all your dragon-kind, that I vifl 
feed you to your heart's content, and still remain your humbk 
servant." " Do not pledge your word," replied the Diagoo, 
" if you do not intend to keep it ; for such terrible evilB wOl 
befel you, that you will rue it for the rest of your life." The 
King redoubled his protestations: he was dying with impa- 
tience to release his dear Queen; he mounted on the Drag(m*i 
back as he would have done upon the finest horse in tiie 
world. At the same time the monsters advanced to inter- 
cept him. They fought. Nothing could be heard but tin 
sharp hissing of serpents; nothing could be seen bat && 
Sulphur and saltpetre came down pell-mell ! At loigth 
the King reached the castle. The monsters redoubled their 
eflForts,  ^bats, owls, ravens, all attempted to prevent his en- 
trance; but the dragon, with his cLaws^ his teeth, and bis 
tail, tore in pieces the boldest of them. The Queen, on her 
part, who witnessed this great battle, broke her prison wisdh 
by kicking at them, and armed herself with the pieces, to 
assist her dear husband. They were at last viotorions. The 
King and Queen reached each other; and the enchantment 
was ended by a thunderbolt, which fell into the lake, and 
dried it up. 

The kind Dragon had disappeared with all the others ; and 
without the King being able to guess by what means he had 
been transported into his capital city, he found himself there, 
with the Queen and Moufette, seated in a magnificent haU, 
with a banquet table before them, covered with delicious 
dishes. Never was there astonishment 'equal to theirs, nor 
greater rejoicings. All their subjects ran to gaze on their 
Queen and the young Princess, who, by a succession of miracles, 
were so superbly dressed, that the crowd was completely 
dazzled by the brilliancy of their jewels. 

It is easy to imagine that this fine court was speedily 
occupied with every sort of pleasure. They had masquerades, 
runnings at the ring, and tournaments, which attracted thither 
the greatest princes in the world ; and Moufette's lovely eyes 
riveted them all to the spot. Amongst the handsomest and 
most skilful. Prince Moufy was particularly distinguished. 
Nothing was heard but his praises : everybody admired him, 
and the young Moufette, who had passed all her previous 



THE BENEHCENT FBOO. 391 

days amongst the serpents and dragons of the lake, did not 
h^tate to render justice to Monfy's merit. Not a day passed 
that he did not invent some new piece of gallantry to please 
her; for he loved her passionately; and having entered the 
lists to establish his pretensions^ he made known to the King 
and to the Queen that his principality was so beautiful and 
80 extensive that it deserved their particular attention. 

The King told him that Moufette was at liberty to choose 
her own husband, and that he would not constrain her incli- 
nation in anything; that the Prince should do his best to 
please her; and that such was his only way to happiness. 
The Prince was delighted with this answer. He had gathered 
firom her, during several interviews, that she was not indif- 
ferent to him ; and after having at last come to an explana- 
tion with her, she told him, if he were not to be her husband, 
she would never have any other. Moufy, ti-ansported with 
joy, threw himself at her feet, and conjured her in the most 
affectionate terms to remember the promise she had just 
given him. 

He ran instantly to the King and Queen's apartment, and 
related to them the progress he had made in his suit with 
Moufette, and entreated them not to defer his happiness. 
They consented to it with pleasure. Prince Moufy was gifted 
with so many excellent qualities, that he alone seemed 
worthy to possess the admirable Moufette. The King wished 
very much to aflBance them before he returned to Moufy, 
whither he was obliged to go, to give orders for his marriage ; 
but he would rather never have left, than depart without foil 
assurance of happiness on his return. The Princess Moufette 
did not say farewell without shedding many tears. She had 
1 know not what sort of a presentiment that afflicted her; 
and the Queen, perceiving the Prince overwhelmed with grief, 
gave him her daughter's portrait, begging him, for the love 
of them both, that he would forego some of the magnificence 
of his solemn entry, rather than allow it to prevent his speedy 
return. He said, " Madam, I liave never had so much plea- 
sure in obeying you as I shall have on this occasion; my 
heart is too ipuch interested in it for me to neglect anything 
so necessary to my happiness." 

He posted off; and the Princess Moufette, while waiting 
his return, occupied herself with singing and playing on 



392 THE BENEHCENT FBOO.  

various instruments she had been learning for several montiii 
past, and upon which she performed admirably. One daj 
when she was in the Queen's room the King entered, irith 
his cheeks bathed in tears, and embracing his daughter, ex- 
claimed, '' Oh, my child ! oh, unfortunate father ! oh, unhappy 
king ! " He could say no more,  sighs choked his utteranoa 
The Queen and the Princess, much terrified, inquired vbti 
was the matter. He at length told them that a giant of IQ 
enormous size had just arrived, who said he was an ambasaador 
from the Dragon of the Lake, who, in discharge of the pro- 
mise that he had exacted from the King as the condition en 
which he would assist him to fight and conquer the monsten^ 
had sent to demand the Princess Moufette, that he might eit 
her in a pie ; that the King had bound himself by the most 
awful oaths to give the Dragon whatever he desired : and in 
those days kings knew not how to break their words. 

The Queen, hearing these sad tidings, uttered piercing 
cries, and strained the Princess in her arms. " They shall 
take my life sooner,'* said she, " than make me give up my 
daughter to this monster ; let him take our kingdom, and aU 
that we possess ! Unnatural father, could you be a party to 
such a barbarous act? What! Put my child into a pie? 
Ah, I cannot bear the thought of it ! Send this cruel ambas- 
sador to me, perhaps my affliction may move him to pity." 

The King did not reply; he went to the giant, and brought 
him immediately to the Queen, who threw herself at his feet, 
and with her daughter entreated him to have pity upon them, 
and to persuade the Dragon to take all that they had, and to 
save Moufette's life; but he told them it did not depend upon 
him at all; that the Dragon was too obstinate, and too fond of 
good living ; that when he took it into his head to eat some 
little tit-bit, all the gods put together could not change his 
fancy : that he advised them as a friend to submit with a 
good grace, or still greater misfortunes might befal them. 
At these words the Queen fainted, and so would the Princess 
have done had she not been obliged to assist her mother. 

This sad news was scarcely spread through the palace, be- 

1 everybody in the city knew it, and nothing was to be 

t si^^ and lamentations ; for Moufette was adored. 

nld not make up his mind to give her to the 

I giant, who had already waited several days, 



THE BEI7EFICENT IBDQ. 393 

began to be tired, and threatened him in a terrible manner. 
In the meantime, the King and the Qneen said, " Could any- 
thing have happened to us worse thsm this? If the Dragon 
of the Lake came to eat all of us up, we could not be more 
distressed; if they put our Moufette into a pie, we are lost." 
Upon which the giant told them, he had received news from 
his master, and that if the Princess would marry a nephew 
of his, he consented to let her live ; that as to the rest, this 
nephew was handsome and well made ; that he was a Prince, 
and that she might live very happily with him. 

This proposal slightly ameliorated their majesties' grief; 
the Queen spoke to the Princess, but she found her more 
averse to this marriage than to her death. " I will not be 
guilty, Madam," said she, "of preserving my life by an net of 
infidelity; you have promised me to Prince Moufy, I will 
never be another's; let me die, the sacrifice of my life will 
ensure the peace of yours." The King followed the Queen ; 
he spoke to his daughter upon the subject with the greatest 
affection imaginable ; she remained firm in her decision, and 
finally he agreed to conduct her to the top of a moimtain, 
whither the Dragon of the Lake was to come for her. 

Everything was prepared for this sad sacrifice; not ^ven 
those of Iphigenia and Psyche were so mournful; nothing 
but black dresses, pale faces and consternation was to be 
seen. Four hundred young girls of the first distinction, 
dressed in long white robes, and cypress wreaths on their 
head, accompanied her. They carried her in a black velvet 
litter, uncovered, in order that every one might see the master- 
piece of the gods ; her dishevelled locks lay scattered upon 
her shoulders, here and there tied with crape, and the wreath 
she wore upon her head was of jasmine mixed with mari- 
golds.^ She seemed to be afiected only by the grief of the 
King and Queen, who followed her, overwhelmed by their 
deep affliction. The giant, armed from top to toe, walked by 
the side of the litter containiDg the Princess, and looking at 
her with a longing eye, seemed as if he was sure of having 
his share of her to eat ; the air was filled with sighs and 
sobs, and the road was inundated by the tears that were 
shed. 

^Ah, Frog! Frog!" cried the Queen, "you have c^ltOi 

(]) Soucis, which also signifies cares. See nole, page ^1%. 



^S^^^ :SE 3SSSBICSSZ TBOGb 

. :^ui.^ii He. viis , -srlir sH joa gire me your asEdstanoe in 
-H^c .:..r=.'.- 'jjn. smctt jTja now refiiae it to mel How 
ij.L""- 1 '-ii. L.a Hr. xuL I 'unai died: I should not to-day 
-trr .J. i- iv-'ei icsir':vii.i. I ijiouldnot see my dear Monfette 



..III E Jciaii levT.^urea ; "* 



"V':^c siie v;ia ircerrnir ziieae compIaxntSy they "were still 
ivL'^uiLii^;. i*.wcv:=r ioTiv ;iii2j walked, and at last tbey 
.-..iLat-i TUe --Juiiniiu ;r' Tiid dial moantain. At this spot^ tiw 
sir:ci uid '.^Aineiicini. as Tcre redoabled ao Yiolently, thit 
' r-' '>; litii i'-yr :th?a lieupi a; distresBing. The giant bade 
-atini ul :. ni* Tiitir l.i*Ave jjid retire. They did so acoord- 
zjiT-" Ir .:i "iii's^* maes TreooLa were very sLmpley and nev^ 

Tlk'- X_:x 1^'- v^*^^ biiving retired, ascended another 
zzj^^vjl'.i^z. x-.-:. C. -L-.viir ^urt. whence they could see what 
TT-ji i:i-\r - \k;i:x"::. -/ :;io PrincesBy and in &ct they had 
r..-: '.>;v'- rJLcr,- x '.sc-^ :;"c Vt-:-re they perceived in the air a 

l.u: & league in length; he had 




^ displayed 

thrtu) rhwt\ of UmiUf w loii^ as the tusks of an elephant. 

I III I, whil<5 ho wiui hlowly approaching, the dear and faith- 
ful h'vnif, timmiUui nn a Hparrow-Lawk, flew rapidly to the 
I'rinrM Mfiiify. Sfio wore her hood of roses, and although he 
\v.fi hu'.Uiul lip iti hiH closet, she entered it without a key. 
*' Willi I, nrn you doiii^ hero, unfortunate lover]" said she to 
liiiii; "you urn dniiunin^ of Moufotte's charms, who is at this 
iimiiHMil. x[)<)H((i to a most frightful catastropha Here is a 
rnm liMif; hy hlowiujii; uiion it I can transform it into a beauti- 
ful liiMuo, MM you will HOC." At the same instant appeared a 
\u^m\ imH inly ^wvw. U liad twelve feet and three hds. The 
tnoutli of OHO lioiul oniittod iire, that of another bo.nb-shells, 
nid tlio thinl, oanuon balls. She gave him a s\^ord that 
>vrtM oi^'.liiiHMi yanis long, and lighter than a featAer; she 
jniwod liiiu in ouo siuirlo diamond, which he got int(>asif it 
wiMv Ins ooat. iyx\K\ although it was as hard as a rock, it was so 
tl*AiM,\ th.'( it did not inoommode him in the least. "Away!" 
';uvi sUo to liiiu, 'run. \W to defend her whom you lr>ye; the 
:'NNM\ hoi^^* whioh I ^ivo vow \ij\l.l carry you. to heit; when 

V 



\ 
\ 



\ 



THS BENEFICENT FBOG. 395 

you have rescued her let her know what share I have had in 
her deliverance." 

" Generous Fairy," cried the Prince, *' I cannot at present 
express all my gratitude to you, but I declare myself for ever 
your most &ithful slave.'* He mounted his three-headed 
horse, which immediately set ofif fuU gallop with its twelve 
feet, and made more haste than three of the finest horses; so 
much so, that in a very short time he arrived at the top of 
the mountain, where he saw his dear Princess all alone, and 
the rightful Dragon slowly approaching towards her. The 
green horse belched fire^ bombs, and cannon balls, which not 
a little- astonie^d the monster; he received twenty cannon 
balls in his throat, which damaged his scales a Httle, and the 
bombs knocked out one eye. He became furious, and would 
have rushed upon the Pnnce ; but his sword, eighteen yards 
long, was of such fine tempered steel, that he wielded it as he 
pleaised, thrusting it sometimes up to the hilt, or lashing him 
with it as with a whip. The Prince would not, however, 
have escaped feeling the force of this monster's daws, but for 
the diamond armour, which was impenetrable. 

Moufette recognised him fix)m a&r, for the diamond which 
completely encased him was exceedingly brilliant and clear ; 
she was oonsequently seized with the most mortal fright that 
a fond woman could suffer under such circumstances ; but 
the King and Queen began to feel in their heart some ray of 
hope; for it was very extraordinary to see a horse with twelve 
feet and three heads^ out of which came fire and flames, and 
a Prince in a case of diamonds, and armed with so formidable 
a sword, arrive at so critical a moment and fight with so much 
valoiB:. The King placed his hat upon his cane, and the 
Queen tied her handkerchief to the end of a stick, to make 
signs to the Prince and encourage him. All their retinue 
did the same; but he did not require it, for his heart alone, 
and the peril in which he saw his mistress, was sufi&cient to 
animate him. 

What efforts did he not make ! The earth was covered 
with darts, claws, horns, wings, and scales of the Dragon. 
The monster's blood flowed in a thousand places, which was 
quite blue, while that of the horse was green, which made a 
singular mixture upon the ground. The Prince fbll ^^^\xa^&^^ 
but always recovered himself; he seized \i\a 0Y&<3t\^i\\"^ "^^ 



896 THE BENEFICENT 7B0G. 

 

remount his horse, and then followed such showers of oamKm 
balls and floods of Greek Are/ that never was aoything like 
it before. At last the Dragon lost his strength; he fell, and 
the Prince gave him a thrust in the belly which caosed a 
frightful gash; but what one would have some difficulty in 
believing, and yet is quite as true as the rest of the story, is, 
that from this large wound issued the handsomest and most 
charming Prince that had ever been seen. His drees was of 
blue cut velvet, with a gold groimd, embroidered with peark; 
he had on his head a little Greek morion covered with white 
feathers. He ran with open arms to embrace Prince Moufy: 
" How much I am indebted to you, my generous benefector!" 
said he; "you have just delivered me from the most frightful 
prison that a sovereign could have been shut up in. I was 
condemned to it by the Fairy Lioness. Sixteen years I have 
been pining therein, and her power was such, that against 
my inclination she would have compelled me to devour this 
beautiful Princess; lead me to her feet, that I may explain 
my misfortimes to her." 

Prince Moufy, surprised and delighted by so astonishing 
an adventure, paid the Prince the greatest attention. They 
hastened to join the lovely Moufette, who on her part re- 
turned the gods a thousand thanks for so unexpected a happi- 
ness. The King and Queen and all the court were already 
with her ; every one spoke at once, no one was heard, they 
cried nearly as much for joy as they had done for sorrow. 
In short, that nothing should be missing at the fSte, the good 
Frog appeared in the air, moimted on a sparrow-hawk, which 
had golden bells at its feet. When they heard the tinkle, 
tinkle, they all looked up; they saw the hood of roses, 
shining like the sun, and the Frog as beautiful as Aurora. 
The Queen advanced towards her, and took one of her little 
paws; instantly the wise Frog transformed herself^ and 
appeared as a noble Queen, with the most agreeable counte- 
nance in the world. " I come," said she, " to crown Princess 
Moufette's constancy. She preferred sacrificing her life to 
being unfaithful ; this is a rare example in the age in which 
we live, but it will be much more so in future times." She 
then took two myrtle wreaths, which she placed upon the head 

(1) A combustible used in ancient -warfare, which could not be extinguished by 
water. 



THE BENEFICENT FROG. 397 

of the happy lovers, and striking with her wand three times, 
they saw all the Dragon's bones rise to make a triumphal 
arch, in commemoration of the great event that had just 
taken place. At length this beautiful and nimierous company 
advanced towards the city, singing nuptial hymns, as joyfully 
as they had chanted mournful di^es when proceeding to the 
sacrifice of the Princess. Their marriage was only deferred 
till the next day  ^it is easy to imagine the happiness that 
accompanied it 

The Queen, whose portrait I have painted here, . 
Amid the horrors of that gloomy lake. 
Had for her life but little cause to fear ; 
Friendship with Love united for her sake. 

The grateful Frog felt, like the monarch, bound 
To make the greatest efforts in her cause, 
Despite the cruel Lioness, they found 
The means to snatch her firom her fatal claws. 

Husbands so constant, friends so brave and true, 
Ages ago were of our sires the glory ; 
And by that little fact, kind reader, you 
May guess, perhaps, the period of my story. 



THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 



Once upon a time there was a King and a Queen who were 
perfectly happy together ; they loved each other most afieo- 
tionately, and their subjects adored them; but the regret wbb 
universal, that there was not an heir to the crown. Tbe 
Queen, who felt persuaded that the King would love her still 
more if she brought him one, went in the spring to drink the 
waters at some baths that were in high estiioation. People 
flocked to them in crowds, and the number of strangers was 
so great, that persons from all parts of the world were to be 
found there. 

There were several fountains, in a large wood, that the 
visitors went to drink from ; they were smrounded by marble 
and porphyry ; for every one was anxious to ornament 
them. One day that the Queen was sitting at the edge of 
one of the fountains, she desired all her ladies to retire and 
leave her by herself. She then began to complain as usual 
" Am I not very unfortunate," said she, " to have no off- 
spring? The poorest women have some children; it is now 
five years since I have prayed for one, and I have not yet 
obtained my wish I Shall I die without this gratification ! " 

As she thus spoke, she remarked that the water in the 
fountain was agitated. Presently a large Crab appeared, and 
said, " Great Queen, you shall have your wish. I must in- 
form you, that hardby there is a superb palace, which the 
fairies have built; but it is impossible for you to find it, 
because it is surrounded by thick clouds, that no mortal 
eye could penetrate ; however, I am your very humble ser- 
vant; if you will trust yourself to the conduct of a poor crab, 

)fier to lead you there." 

The Queen listened without interrupting her, the novelty 



THE HIND m THE WOOD. 899 

of hearii^ a crab talk being so surprising. She told her 
that she would accept her offer with pleasure ; but that she 
could not walk backwards as she did. The Crab smiled, and 
immediately took the figure of a handsome little olcl woman. 

" Very well, Madam," said she, " we will not walk back- 
wards, I consent to that : but, at all events, look upon me as 
one of your friends, who would be of service to you.** 

She walked out of the fountain without being wetted. Her 
dress was white, lined with crimson, and her grey hair was 
dressed with knots of green riband ; scarcely was ever seen 
an old woman with so sprightly an air. She saluted the 
Queen, and was embraced by her ; and, without delaying any 
longer, she conducted her through a path in the wood, which 
astonished that princess; for, although she had been in the 
wood a thousand and a thousand times, she had never en- 
tered that particular path. How could she have entered it? 
It was the road by which the fairies went to the foimtain, 
and was generally closed by brambles and thorns ; but when 
the Queen and her conductress presented themselves, roses 
immediately appeared upon the brambles, jasmine and orange- 
trees interlaced their branches, to form an arbour covered by 
leaves and flowers. The ground was mantled with violets ; 
a thousand different birds sang in emulation of each other 
upon the trees. 

The Queen had not recovered from her astonishment, when 
her eyes were struck by the unequalled lustre of a palace 
of diamonds,  the walls, the roofs, the platforms, the floors, 
the stairs, the balconies, even the terraces, were all diamonds. 
In the excitement of her admiration, she could not help 
uttering a loud cry; and asked the fine old lady who accom- 
puiied her, if what she saw was a dream, or reality. " Nothing 
can be more real. Madam," replied she. Immediately the 
gates of the palace opened, six fairies issued forth,  but what 
fedriesi the most beautiM and the most magnificent that 
had ever been seen in their empire. They all came and made 
a profound courtesy to the Queen, and each presented her 
with a flower of precious stones, to make her a bouquet. 
There was a rose, a tulip, an anemone, a columbine, a carna- 
tion, and a pomegranate. " Madam," said they, " we cannot 
give you a greater mark of our esteem than that of permit- 
ting you to come here to see us ; but we are delighted to 



400 THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 

announce to you, that you will have a beautiful princess, whom 
you will call D^ir6e ; for it must be admitted it is a long tune 
that you have desired her. Do not ul to send for us the 
moment she is bom, for we wish to endow her with all kinds 
of good qualities ; you have only to hold the bouquet that ire 
have given you, and name each flower, thinking of ua, and be 
sure that we shall be instantly in your chamber. 

The Queen, transported with joy, threw her arms round 
their necks, and embraced them for more than half-an-hom; 
After which they begged the Queen to enter their palaoe^ 
the beauty of which it is not possible sufiELciently to d^crib& 
They had chosen for the builder of it the architect d 
the sun ; he had executed in miniature all that which is oai 
grand scale in that luminary. The Queen, who could not 
support the brilliancy without pain, shut her eyes at evoy 
instant. They conducted her to their garden ; there bad never 
been such flue fruit : the apricots were bigger than your head, 
and they could not, without cutting it in quarters, eat ft 
cherry of such exquisite flavour, that after the Queen had 
tasted it, she never wished to eat anything else. There was 
also an orchard of artificial trees, which notwithstanding had 
life, and grew like the others. . 

To relate all the Queen's delight,  how she talked of the 
little Princess D6sir6e, how she thanked the kind persons 
who announced such agreeable news to her,  is more than 
I can undertake to do ; but, in short, there were no terms of 
affection and gratitude forgotten. The Faiiy of the Fountain 
received the full share she deserved of them. The Queen 
remained in the palace till night ; she loved music, they en- 
tertained her with voices that seemed celestial, they loaded her 
with presents, and, after thanking these excellent ladies very 
much, she returned with the Fairy of the Fountain. 

All her household were in great distress about her; they 
sought for her, with much anxiety ; they could not imagine 
where she could be ; they even feared some audacious stranger 
had carried her off, for she was young and beautiful ; so that 
every one was extremely rejoiced at her return : and as she 
felt on her paiii an infinite satisfaction at the good news that 
had just been announced to her, her agreeable and sparkling 
conversation charmed everybody. 

The Fairy of the Fountain parted with her close by her 



THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 401 

own home ; compliments and caresses were redoubled at 
their separation, and the Queen remaining eight days longer 
at the baths, did not fail to revisit the palace of the fairies 
with her coquettish old lady, who always appeared first as 
a crab and then took her natural form. 

The Queen returned to court, and was in due time confined of 
a Princess, to whom she gave the name of D6sir6e; she imme- 
diately took the bouquet she had received, and named all the 
flowers, one after the other, and forthwith all the fairies arrived. 
Each of them had a different sort of chariot ; one was of ebony 
drawn by white pigeons, others were of ivory drawn by young 
ravens, others of cedar and eagle-wood.^ This was their 
equipage of alliance and peace ; for, when they were angry, 
they had nothing but flying-dragons, adders which darted fire 
6rom their mouths and eyes, lions, leopards, and panthers, 
upon which they transported themselves from one end of 
the world to another, in a shorter time than one could say 
"rood day," or "Good night;" but at this moment they 
were in the best possible humour. 

The Queen saw them enter her chamber with a lively and 
naajestic air; their dwarfe followed them, loaded with presents. 
After they had embraced the Queen, and kissed the little 
Princess, they displayed the baby's clothes; the linen of which 
was so fine and so good, that it might be used for a hundred 
years without wearing it out  the fairies had spun it them- 
selves in their leisure hours. As to the lace, it surpassed 
3ven what I have said of the linen ; all the history of the 
world was represented either in point or in bone-lace. 

After that, they showed her the blankets and coverlids 
wrhich they had embroidered expressly for the princess with 
representations of a thousand different games that children 
play at. Since the existence of embroiderers and embroi- 
ieresses nothing so wonderful was ever seen ; but, when the 
cradle appeared, the Queen positively screamed with admi- 
ration; for it surpassed everything they had shown her 
before : it was made of a wood so rare that it cost a hundred 
thousand crowns a pound ; four little Cupids supported it ; 
they were four masterpieces, wherein art had so far surpassed 
the caaterial, although it was of diamonds and rubies, that no 
ojie could say enough about them. These little Cupids ' 

1) Vide note, page 179. 
D D 



402 THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 

been animated by the &irie6, so that when the child cried 
they rocked it, and made it sleep ; a wonderful oonyenieDfle 
for the nurses. 

The fairies themselves took the little Princess upon their 
knees, they swathed her, and gave her more than a hundred 
kisses; for she was aheady so beautiful that no one could look 
at her without loving her. They said that she was hungiji 
and instantly they struck the groimd with their wands j 
a nurse appeared  such a one as befitted this lovely babe. 
It now oidy remained to endow the infemt, and the fiuriei 
hastened to do so. One endowed her with virtue, another 
with wit, a third with wonderful beauty, the next with good 
fortune, the fifth with continual health, and the last wift 
the gift of doing everything well which she undertook. 

The Queen, enchanted, thanked them a thousand and a 
thousand times for the feivoiurs they had just conferred upon 
the httle Princess ; when they perceived, entering the cham- 
ber, so large a crab, that the door was scarcely wide enough 
for her to pass through. '^ Ah ! too ungrateful Queen," aud 
the Crab, ''you have not then deigned to remember me I 
Is it possible you have so soon forgotten the Fairy of the 
Foimtain, and the services I rendered you, by introduoiog 
you to my sisters ! What ! you have summoned them all 
I am alone neglected ! Certainly I had a presentiment of it, 
and it was that which obliged me to take the form of a crab 
when I first spoke to you, to signify thereby that your friend- 
ship, instead of progressing, would retrograde. 

The Queen, inconsolable at seeing the fault she had com- 
mitted, interrupted her, and asked her pardon. She told her 
she thought she had named her flower with the others; that 
it was the bouquet of precious stones that had deceived her; 
that she had not been guilty of forgetting the obligations she 
was under to her ; that she supplicated her not to deprive her 
of her friendship, and particularly to befriend the Princesa 
ISie-fiiiries, who feared she would but endow the child with 
misery and misfortune, seconded the Queen's endeavours, to 
appease her. "My dear sister," said they, "let not your 
highness be angry with a queen who never had an idea of 
'^*iileasing you. For mercy's sake quit this form of a crab, 
Bt us behold you with all your charms." 
lave already said that the Faiiy of the Fountain was 



THE HIND m THI WOOD. 408 

ler a coquette; the praises of her sisten softened her a 
e. ''Very well," said she; '^I will not do all the miaohief 
>siie I had intended; for assoredly I had a mind to 
ro J her, and nothing oonld have prevented my doing so. 
rever, I give you warning, that iS she sees the light of 
before ^e is fifteen years old, it will perhaps cost her 
life." The Queen's tean^ and the prayers of the illus- 
OS furies, could not alter the decree die had just pro- 
need. She retired, walking backwards, for she had not 
sen to put off her crab's dress. 

JB soon ad she had quitted the chamber, the sorrowful 
en asked the foiries to point out some way of preserving 
daughter firom the evils that threatened her. They im- 
Liately consulted together; and at last, aflter discussing 
iral different opinionst, they decided upon this one ; which 
, to build a palace without either doors or windows, to 
:e a subterraneous entry to it, and to educate the Princess 
this place, till the &tal period during which she was 
latened with misfortune should have expired. Three taps 
wand began and finished this grand edifice* The exterior 
of white and green marble ; the ceilings and the floors 
3 of diamonds and emeralds, placed in the form of flowers, 
Sf and a thousand agreeable objects. All the fumituze 
hangings were of different coloured velvets, embroidered 
bhe hands of the fEiiries; and, as they were learned in 
oTj, it had been a pleasure to them to work representa- 
s of the greatest and most remarkable adventures ; the 
re was depicted as well as the past The heroic actions 
le greatest king in the world ^ filled many of the pieces. 

Here of the Thiacian god he bore the mien ; 

Fierce lightnings flashing from his eyes were seen : 

There over France he ruled in peace profoimd ; 

Her lot the envy of the world around. 

The arts he fosters, grateful for his care, 

His form august had pictured everywhere: 

To fierce assaults victorious legions leading. 

Or, generously, peace to vanquished foes conceding. 

36 wise &,iries bad hit upon this mode of making the 
ig Princess more easily acquainted with the different 
its in the lives of heroes and other celebrated men, 
1 her palace there was no light to see by b\x\> \)lDai( ^aT 

(1) Louis XIV. 
DD 2 



 w^wJto'yfal hi i^iiriiiii mn niiMfiiiinlli* 

W yJlj fc WMW^ 1 il  li mi ^iftifc ' * "*^ 
i iiii^ bir; M^i Ay^^^rf tkn > 

MtM*  ImO* ttUl t 
IBM; |W OTMdf CM 1 

^9Ma4 I* W ttopid Htd 'nBan^i 

ET lar wit *'f-i"' ' all wbo a)^raulied ber, the 
fahrlMal7MaBilMBiN>^rfiil. She enntptoRdtk 
MMt isMMMl twopla; aad tlie Queen her luotLer wmlt 
nvfawalMli^of bar, if berdu^fa&d not obt^b* 
t ha anr Hm King. The good foiriea erery now and ^ 
Mot to Me tb IVuHWH ; they t<K)k her matchles retitiff- 
dmniaa otererly invented, so costly, and so el^ant, tJut^ 
an^d to hare been mode for the uuptia]s of & young ptiuni' 
notJBB amiable tbaa she of whom I speak. But of ill4 
fitiriaa-who protrtd her, Tulip lorod bar the mMt, w^r -^ 
iMrpfuliy impressed upon the Queen the necessity of not  
111': 'iiT to see dnyiitrlit liefore slie was fifteen years old. "0? 
"I'l'^i' of the fountain id vindictive," said she;  wh:.tcva-:i'' 
V takB of this child, she will do 



Tlii^rofore, Madam, 
'!'.' The Qi 



pri.mH.ed 



'.(:':::;. 



be tjo vigi]a^: .l ". 
to De iuosssantlv t^vj^- 
: but as the time dre rf 
-' palace, she made bo-iSi' 
t^iken to the createa caai 
I a prince who cocJo  
t ihe sigti of n ; tufi ^* 
that he could merer M*^ 
 -' .. .1 > , r I , inistlf nj, -Briiii iLandni^ 

-- -... ' ''"^'^*-''^^^'i'"f"il'3-undersBaiidbi,;ii 
' '- r nT ^'^'^"'"^ ^^'''s i tt,e -B-oria u. h. 

-y J-: t u^ 5-rit,^ ,^ , 

 "m of his mind:  



THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 405 

remained whole days together shut up alone in his closet, 
where they could hear him talking, as though he had some 
lady with him. 

The King received this information with much uneasiness. 
** Is it possible/* said he to his confidants, '^ that my son has 
lost his reason ? he has always evinced so much. You know 
Low greatly he has been admired up to this moment ; and I 
do not see anything wild in his looks. He appears to me to 
be only a little melancholy: I must talk t6 him; I may, 
perhaps, be able to discover what sort of madness has seized 
hijCQ." 

Consequently he sent for him, ordered every one else to 
withdraw, and, after several things to which the Prince paid 
little attention, and to which he answered very indifferently, 
the King asked him, what was the cause of the alteration in 
his manner and person. The Prince, believing this to be 
a favourable opportunity, threw himself at his father's feet, 
and said: *'You have resolved that I shall wed the Black 
Princess; you will find some great advantages in this alliance 
that I could not promise from that with the Princess D^sir6e ; 
but, Sire, I discover charms in the latter, that I shall not 
meet with in the former." " And where have you discovered 
them?" said the King. "The portraits of the one and the 
other have been brought to me," replied Prince Guerrier (for 
thus he was named after having won three great battles). 
" I confess that I am desperately in love with Princess D6Bir6e; 
and, if you do not retract the promise you have given to the 
Black Princess, I shall die !  happy in ceasing to live, losing 
the hope of being hers I love." 

" It is with her portrait, then," gravely answered the King, 
** that you have chosen to hold conversations which have ren- 
dered you ridiculous in the eyes of all the courtiers ? They 
believe you to be mad ; and if you knew what has been said 
to me on the subject, you would be ashamed of showing so 
much weakness." " I cannot reproach myself for entertaining 
so worthy a passion," answered the Prince. " When you have 
seen the portrait of this charming Princess, you will approve 
of my affection for her." " Go for it, then, directly :" said the 
King, with an impatient air, which evidently indicated his 
vexation. The Prince would have been much distressed at it, 
if he had not felt certain that nothing could be equal to 



406 THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 

D6sire's beauty. He ran into his closet for the portasit, vA |^ 
returned with it to the King, who was nearly as voAl ' 
enclianted as his son. " Ah, ah ! my dear Guerrier," said he^ 
'' I consent to your wish. I shall become young again, nben 
I shall have so lovely a princess in my court I shall imme- 
diately despatch ambassadors to the court of the Bladk Prin- 
cess, to retract my word; though it should occasion adiaip 
wai' with her, I prefer that alternative." 

The Prince respectfully kissed his other's hand, and man 
tlian once fell at his feet ; he was so delighted, thej hardlj 
knew him again. He begged the King to hasten the departon 
of his ambassadors, not only to the Black Princess^ bat (o 
Princess D6sir6e ; and desired that he would choose for tbe 
latter mission the most able and wealthy person, as it m 
necessary that he should appear in great state upon so cde- 
brated an occasion, and possess the power of persuasion in tbe 
highest degree. The King fixed upon Becafigue, a very do- 
quent young nobleman with a hundred millions a-year. He 
was exceedingly fond of Prince Guerrier, and, to gratify hinii 
ordered the most magnificent equipage and the richest Bveria 
that could be imagined. His preparations were made witii 
all speed, for the Prince's love increased every day, and 
incessantly he was imploring the ambassador to set out 
"Remember," said he in confidence to him, "that my life 
depends upon it ; that I am perfectly distracted when I think 
the father of my princess may enter into engagements with 
some one else that he would not be inclined to break off in 
my favour, and that I may lose her for ever l" Becafigue 
endeavoured to encourage him, that he might gain time; 
for he was exceedingly anxious his appearance should do 
him honour. He took with him four-and-twenty coaches all 
blazing with gold and diamonds ; the highest finished minia- 
ture could not compare to the paintings with which they were 
ornamented. There were also fifty other coaches ; twenty-four 
thousand pages on horseback, dressed finer than princes; and 
the rest of this grand procession was of equal magnificence. 

'^'Tien the ambassador took his leave of the Prince, he 

*^mbraoed him. "Remember, my dear Becafigue,** 

Hfe depends upon the marriage you are going 

'ot me. Omit no means of persuading and 

fnt\i "you. ^i]fcia lo^^-^ \|nxi<;:;^e& '^Viqtxv I adore." 



THE HIND IN THE T?00l). 407 

ht He loaded him also with a thousand presents for the Princess, 
Y the gallantry of which equalled their magnificence. There 
V were quantities of amorous devices engraven upon diamond 
Beals; watches contained in carbimcles with D6sir6e's cypher 
upon them; bracelets of rubies cut in the shape of hearts: 
in short, what had he not thought of to please her ! 

The ambassador took the portrait of this young prince, 
which had been painted by so skilful an artist, that it spoke, 
and paid the most charming little compliments. It did not 
absolutely reply to all that was said to it, but it very nearly 
did so. Becafigue promised the Prince he would neglect 
nothing that could give him satisfaction ; and he added, that 
he had taken so much money with him that, if they refused 
him the Princess, he would find the means of bribing one of 
her women, and carry her ofi; " Ah ! " cried the Prince, ^' I 
cannot agree to that ; she would be ofiended by so disrespectful 
a proceeding." Becafigue made no answer to that remark, 
and took his departure. The rumour of his voyage preceded 
his arrival The King and Queen were enchanted; they 
highly esteemed his master, and had heard of Prince Guer- 
rier's great achievements, but what they were much better 
acquainted with were his personal merits, so that, had they 
sought aU over the world for a husband for their daughter, 
they would not have found one more worthy of her. They 
prepared a palace for Becafigue, and they gave all the neces- 
sary orders for the coiut to appear in the greatest splendour. 
The King and Queen resolved that the ambassador should 
see D6sirle, but the Fairy Tulip came to the Queen and said, 
" Take care, Madam, that you do not introduce Becafigue to 
our child,"  it was thus she called the Princess,  " he must 
not see her yet ; and do not consent to let her go to the King, 
who demands her hand for his son, until she is fifteen years 
old; for I am convinced, if she quit her palace before then, 
some misfortune will befal her." The Queen embraced the 
good Tulip, promising to follow her advice, and they went 
immediately to see the Princess. 

The ambassador arrived; his procession was twenty-three 
hours in passing, for he had six hundred thousand great 
mules, the bells and shoes of which were of gold, their 
housings of velvet and brocade embroidered with pearls. The 
confusion it caused in the streets was unec\usi]i\e^", ejs 



408 THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 

was running to look at it The King and Queen went to 
meet liim, so delighted were they at his coming. It is nseln 
to talk of the speeches that were made^ and of the ceremoniH 
which passed on one side and the other. They can be inift- 
gined well enough; but, when he asked to be allowed to 
make his bow to the Princess, he was veiy much aarpriaed to 
find that favour was denied him. ^' It is no caprice of oat 
own, my Lord Becafigue,** said the King, ^' that induces us to 
refuse a request which you are perfectly justified in makmg; 
but, in order that you should understand our reasona, I mnit 
relate to you our (laughter's extraordinary adventure. 

*' A Fairy took an aversion to her firom the moment of her 
birth, and threatened her with some very great nuafortnne if 
she saw the light of day before the age of fifteen ; we keep 
her in a palace the most beautiful apartments of which an 
underground. We had determined to take you there, when 
the Fairy Tulip forbade our doing so." "Ah, Sire!" re- 
plied the ambassador, " shall I have the misery of returning 
without her Highness? You have given her to the King^ my 
master, for his son ; she is waited for with the greatest impa- 
tience; is it possible that you hesitate on such triflhig 
grounds as the predictions of fairies? Here is Prince Guer- 
rier's portrait that I was desired to present her with,  ^it is 
so like him, that I thiuk I see him before me when I look 
at it." 

Ho immediately produced it. The portrait, which had 
only been taught to speak to the Princess, said, " Beautiful 
Desir6o, you cannot imagine how ardently I await you; come 
quickly to our court, and ornament it by those graces which 
render you incomparable." The portrait ceased speaking. 
Tlio King and Queen were so perfectly astonished, that they 
entreated Becafiguo to give it them ; he was delighted to do 
so, and placed it in their hands. 

The Queen had not yet spoken to her daughter of what 
was passing; she had even forbidden the ladies who were 
near her to say anything of the ambassador's arrivaL They 
liad not however obeyed her, and the Princess knew a great 
marriage was in agitation for her, but she was so prudent that 
she took no notice of it to her mother. When she showed 
her the Prince's portrait, which spoke and paid her a oom- 
lent as aflfeotionate as it was polite, she was indeed 



THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 409 

stirprised^ for she had never seen anything to equal that; 
and the fine appearanoe of the Prince, the intellectual expres- 
sion and regularity of his features, astonished her no less 
than the words of the portrait. 

" Should you be sony,** said the Queen laughingly, " to 
have a huslnd who resembled this Prince?" "Madam," 
replied* she, '* it is not for me to choose, therefore I shall be 
content with whomsoever you please to appoint for me." 
*' But in a word," added the Queen, " if the chance fell upon 
him, would you not esteem yourself very happy I" She 
blu^ed, looked down, and said nothing. The Queen em- 
braced her, and kissed her several times; she could not help 
shedding tears, when she thought she was on the point of 
losing her, for she wanted but three months of being fifteen ; 
and, concealing her grie^ she related all that concerned the 
Princess in the embassy of the celebrated Becafigue ; she even 
gave her all the rarities he had brought to present to her. 
She admired them ; she praised with good taste that which 
was the most curious, but firom time to time she turned to 
gaze upon the portrait of the Prince with a pleasure she had 
never known till then. 

The ambassador finding that his endeavours to obtain the 
Princess were useless, and that he must be contented with 
her parents' solemn promise, which he had no reason to doubt, 
took leave of the King, and returned post to give an account 
of his mission to his masters. 

When the Prince found he could not hope to see his dear 
D6sir6e for more than three months, he uttered lamentations 
which distressed the whole court ; he could no longer sleep ; 
he could eat nothing; he became sad and thoughtful; the 
brightness of his complexion changed to the pallid hue of 
care ; he passed whole days, lying on a couch in his cabinet, 
gazing on the portrait of his princess ; he wrote to her con- 
tinually, and presented the letters to the portrait, as though 
it was able to read them ; at last, becoming gradually weaker, 
he fell dangerously ill, and it required neither physicians nor 
doctors to tell the reason. 

The King was in despair,  he loved his son more tenderly 
than ever father loved one before. He was on the point of 
losing him! what an affliction for a parent! He ^jkss  
remedy for the malady of the Prince. He \aii^A^ 



410 ME HIND IN THE WOOD. 

D6sir6e ; without her he must die. The King resolved there- 
fore, in such an extremity, to go to the King and Queen, who 
had promised her to him, to entreat them to have pity upon 
the situation the Prince was reduced to, and defer no longer 
a marriage which would never happen, if they were deto- 
mined to wait till the Princess arrived at the age of fifteen. 

This was an extraordinary step to take, but it wotild hsn 
been more extraordinary if he had allowed so amiable and 
dear a son to perish. Notwithstanding, he met with an in- 
surmountable difficulty, for his age was so great he oonld 
only travel in a litter, and this mode accorded very ba% 
with the impatience of his son; so that he desired his fiuthfoi 
Becafigue to travel post, and sent by him the most afifecting 
letters in the world, to induce the King and Queen to aooede 
to his wishes. 

During all this time D6sir6e had scarcely leas pleasure in 
looking at the Prince's portrait than he had in gazing at hen 
Every instant she sought the room in which it was placed; 
and, however careful she was in disguising her feelingiB, her 
attendants did not fail to discover them. Amongst othOT, 
Giroflle and Longue-lpine, who were her maids of honoor, 
perceived the little anxieties that began to torment her. 
Girofl6e loved her dearly, and was feithful to her. Longue- 
6pine had always nourished a secret jealousy of her merit 
and her rank. Her mother had educated the Princess, and 
after having been her governess, became her first lady-in- 
waiting ; she ought to have loved her better than anything 
in the world, but she doted on her own daughter ridiculously, 
and perceiving her hatred to the lovely Princess, she could 
not wish her well. 

The ambassador who had been despatched to the Black 
Princess, was not well received when she learned the mes- 
sage with which he was charged. The Ethiopian was the 
most vindictive creature in the world ; she thought she was 
treated very cavalierly, in being thus politely put of^ after 
engagements had been actually entered into with her. She 
^^ had seen a portrait of the Prince, with which she was in- 
flitttated, and Ethiopians, when they do love, love to a greater 
than any one else. " How, Sir!" said she; "does your 
vtliiiik I am neither rich enough, nor beautiful enoughf 
u^ my dominions, you will find there are few 



!Era HUTD IN THB WOOD. 411 

pilQttore extensive. Visit my zoyal treasoiy^ and you will see 
m'VMre gold than all the mines A Peru have ever yielded; and 
M^thea look at the blackness of my complexion  ^this flattened 
pilose, these thick lips: is it not thna one should be, to be 
pr beantifall^'* '* Madam," answered the ambassador, (who feared 
er the bastinado more than any they sent to the Sublime Porte,) 
' (^1 blame my master as much as a suliject is permitted to 
J .^do j and, if I had been placed upon the first throne in the 
T ' universe, I know very weU with whom I should have oS9red 
r 'to share it" " That speech has saved your life," said she; 
V ^ I had determined to commence my revenge upon you; but 
L tiiat would have been unjust, since you are not to blame for 
' the base conduct of your prince. Go and teU him, that I am 
delisted he has broken ofif with me, because I abhor dis- 
honest people." The ambassador, who wished for nothing 
better than leave to depart, profited by it aa soon as he 
obtained it. 

But the Ethiopian was too much offended with Prince 
Guerrier to pardon him. She mounted an ivory car drawn 
by six ostriches that went at the rate of ten leagues an hour; 
.she repaired to the palace of the Fairy of the Fountain, who 
was her godmother, and her best friend; she gave an account 
-of her adventure,  and entreated her, with the greatest im- 
portunity, to revenge her. The Fairy felt for her god- 
daughter's grief  she looked in the book that tells everything, 
and she instantly knew that Prince Guerrier had abeiidoned 
the Black Princess for the Princess D6sir6e; that he was 
passionately in love with her; and that he was even ill from 
his impatience to see her. This knowledge rekindled her 
anger, which was nearly extinguished ; and, as she had never 
seen Dlsir^e from the moment of her birth, it is likely that 
she would not have harmed her, if the vindictive Blackamoor 
had not induced her to do so. " Howl" cried she; "is this 
miserable Desirle to be always vexing me? No, charming 
Princess; no, my darling, 'I will not allow thee to be thus in- 
sulted. The heavens and all the elements are interested in 
this affair; return home, and depend upon thy dear god- 
mother." The Black Princess thanked her, and made her 
presents of flowers and fruit, which she received with much 
pleasure. 

The ambassador Becaflgue posted with the gc^A^M 



412 THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 

to the city where D68ur6e's father resided; he threw himdi VF 
at the feet of the King and Queen, he shed many tears^ aaiUf 
ajBsured them, in the most affecting terms, that Rnnoi |^ 
Guerrier would die, if they refused him any longer tb 
pleasure of seeing the Princess their daughter : that she wi 
fifteen years old all but three months, that nothing BGriooi 
could happen in so short a space of time ; that he took tliB 
liberty of making known to them, that so great a belief ia 
these insignificant fiiiries was an injury to royal nu^eety; in 
short, he pleaded so well that he hsA the gift of persuaaioiL 

They wept with him at his representation of the sad condi- 
tion to which the young Prince was reduced, and they then 
told him, that they must have some days to decide upon their 
answer. He replied, that he could only giye them a few 
hours; that it was an extreme case with his master; that he 
imagined the Princess hated him, and that it was she henelf 
who delayed the journey. They then assured him, that before 
evening he should know what could be done in the matter. 

The Queen ran to her dear daughter's palace, and told her 
all that had passed. Desir6e*s grief was unequalled; her 
heart fiiiled her, she fainted, and the Queen became convinoed 
of her sentiments for the Prince. " Do not distress yourself 
my dear child," said she, " you are able to cure him. I am 
only uneasy on account of the threats of the Fairy of the 
Fountain at your birth." " I flatter myself. Madam," replied 
she, " that there are some means by which we could outwit 
the wicked Fairy; for instance, could I not go in a coach bo 
closely shut up that I could not see daylight? They might 
open it at night, to give me something to eat, and I should 
thus arrive safely at the palace of Prince Guerrier. 

The Queen fiincied this expedient very much; she told the 
King, who approved of it also ; they then sent for Becafigne 
to come to them directly, and they assured him that the 
Princess should set out instantly  therefore he had nothing 
more to do than return with this good news to his master; 
And tfaaty to expedite the matter, they would dispense with the 
MB, and the rich dresses suitable to her rank. The 
V, transported with joy, again threw himself at then* 
Ho thank them, after which he departed without 
Princess. ,, , 

from the King and Qween would have 



THE HIND m THE WOOD. 413 

 

red insupportable to her, if Dsir6e had been less prepos- 
L in favour of the Prince; but there are some feelings 
i can stifle nearly all the others. They built her a coach 
green velvet outside ornamented with large plates of 
and lined it with pink and silver brocade embroidered. 
> were no glass windows in it; it was very large; it shut 
' than a box, and one of the first noblemen in the king- 
bad charge of the keys which opened the locks they had 
i on the doors. 

Around her were the Graces seen, ^ 

And Love himself was fain 

To follow with respectful mien, 

A vassal in her train. 

With the most majestic air 

Heavenly softness blending, 

All the willing captives were 

Of beauty so transcending. 

In brief, like charms, it may be said. 

Did Adelaide reveal. 

When hither Hymen led the maid, 

The bond of peace to seal. (1) 

sy selected but a few officers to accompany her, that a 
rous suite might not be a hindrance on the journey, 
Btfter giving her the most beautiful jewellery in the 
, and some very rich dresses,  after a leave-taking which, 
T say, nearly choked the King, the Queen, and all the 
, so violently did they weep  they locked her up in the 
, with her principal lady-in-waiting, Longue-6pine and 
[ee. 

rhaps it has been forgotten that Longue-6pine did not 
he Princess at all; but she was much in love with Prince 
:ier, for she had seen his speaking likeness. The shaft 
pid had wounded her so acutely, that upon the point of 
^ out she told her mother that she should die if the 
ess's marriage took place; and that, if she wished her to 
'he must absolutely find out some means to break it off, 
dy./a- waiting begged she would not distress herself that 
U/d endeavour to relieve her pain and make her happy. 

^4^if^J^i^^9 eldest daughter cf Victor-Amadeus II., Duke of Savoy. A 
ice -^^^ concluded between France and Savoy on the 4th of July, 1696 ; one 
'ti(^X*^ ^^ which was the marriage of the Princess Adelaide to the Duke 
^/It^.x'wanis the Dauphhi. The Princess was recurved atMontargis by 
^ <'Xae 5th of November, 1697, ^tnd the marriage wa celebrated at 
^^ ^^?^ ^ December following. This allusion shows that " La Biche 
^rftten before the close of that year. 



i^ >WItk >te bnii I aa 

^H^, or 111 vfll b lutt; im I 
AniSvud, ud 1 kwnt r '-~ 

rf^aMlar, tiM witif * 
CMCbwhcra ditvm Mt a* fi|. 



PtiDoeaft Mbtr, a&d to mai th^^tmwm. 

W Uw momfflit thcjr hadviaaitM^Hr 
Tluti tiia KinK BodgMi^MAI^a 
wtrrnr* Gir tbair de>r (faa^lii^ <AiiA 3 
4nUd their grief u h aifMifattfti^ I 
Ifiae^ who iMmt ndi li^ fti^ ik 
^ opentd Ifae exmeh to p lr lor wl. 
Aij vara nMkiiig lowudi Am ^^nkmteWhiKr 
fl har motho- to execoM hmvUttbrnm. fc 
jc the Prince would come to aen tat ~ 
i-fiii!d ba lost ^^ wv-ir : 




3.tyB- 



J niya v 



-V nMjf of the coach in wliks ^<' 
t jfa BMde eiprossJy for tbe pcrr^ >. 
eta ar. Then, for the first =cs. 
jMt Jf -iiT. She had scan.i:'{7 ]. 
4Mr iK^ wbai she ^raug &.'<= siu 
VVm &3ti. and bounded off c :3k 
it wTMt' a s dark covert. thc~ u 
. av Nwaiirsl tbrra she had so sa^siit- 

^ ^irr t'i the Fountain. iu fa 
^-r^i^-'tnir^ fwat, seeing sJ] dKK 
'.,... ! xVOteDitiou, some ftCc'Tas 
L ..^ ,- < K>n.iuiu to ftinoe K-i 
M..  . /vr AVVffvil. seemed ben: (n 
- . -k^rwi, n>i' thunder and 
v.'... .-h ; Hat l1n^l(<rfltl ekiD ihf 

' ilintiince baoi zt^ sftiv. 






THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 415 

and Girofl^. The latter ran after her mistress, making the 
woods and rocks resound with her name and her own lamen- 
tations. The two others, enchanted at being at liberty, lost 
not a moment in executing their project. Longue-6pine 
dressed herself in D6sir6e's richest apparel. The royal mantle, 
which had been made for her nuptials, was of imequal costli- 
ness, and the crown had diamonds in it twice or thrice as big 
as one's fist ; the sceptre was composed of one single ruby; 
the globe which she held in her other hand, of a pearl larger 
than one's head : this was curious, and very heavy to carry; 
but it was necessary to persuade everybody that she was the 
Princess, and not omit displaying any one of the royal 
ornaments. 

In this attire, followed by her mother, who held the train 
of her mantle^ she set forth towards the city. The counterfeit 
princess walked gravely, not doubting some persons would 
come to receive them, and indeed they had scarcely made any 
progress when they perceived a large body of cavalry, and in 
the middle two litters glittering with gold and precious 
stones, drawn by mules ornamented with high plumes of 
green feathers  that was the Princess's favourite colour. 
The King who was in one, and the sick Prince in the other, 
knew not what to make of the ladies they perceived approach- 
ing them. The most eager of the royal train galloped for- 
ward, and judged by the magnificence of their dress that they 
ought to be persons of istinction. They alighted, and 
accosted them respectfully. " Oblige me by informing me," 
said Longue-lpine to them, "who are in these litters?" 
" Ladies," replied they, " it is the King, and the Prince his 
son, who come to meet the Princess Dsir6e." " Go, I beg of 
you, and tell them she is here," continued she; *'a feiry 
jealous of my good fortune, has dispersed all those who 
accompanied me by a hundred claps of thunder, lightning, 
and supernatural prodigies; but here is my lady-in-waiting, 
who has charge of letters ifrom the King my father, and of my 
jewellery." 

The cavaliers immediately kissed the hem of her robe, and 
hastened to inform the King of the Princess's arrival. ** How! '* 
cried he, <*she comes on foot in broad daylight!" They 
related all she had told them. The Prince, burning with 
impatience, called them to him, and without asking them 



416 THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 

any questions, "Acknowledge," said he^ ''that she is a 
prodigy of beauty, a miracle, a most accomplished prinoesB." 
They made no answer, which astonished the Prince. " Having 
too much to say in praise of her,*" continued he, '' you prefier 
remaining silentl" *' My lord, you will see her yound^* 
said the boldest among theuL ''The &tigue of tnTelliiijg 
has apparently altered her." The Prince was much surprised; 
liad he not been so weak, he would have precipitated himidf 
from his litter, to satisfy his impatience and his curiosi^. 
The King descended from his litter, and, advancing inth all 
his court, he joined the false Princess; but, the moment that 
he cast his eyes upon her, he gave a loud cry, and fell huk 
some paces. "What do I see?" said he; "what perfidy?" 
" Sire," said the lady-in-waiting, boldly advancing " this is 
the Princess D6sir6e with letters from the King and Queen. 
I also deliver into your hands the casket of jewels which thej 
gave me on setting out." 

The King heard all this in a sullen silence, and the Prince, 
leaning upon Becafigue, approached Longue-^pine Ob, ye 
gods ! what became of him upon seeing this girl, whose extra- 
ordinary figure frightened him? She was so tall that the 
Princess's robes scarcely reached to her knees ; she was fright- 
fully thin; her nose, more hooked than that of a parrot, glowed 
with a fiery red ; never had any teeth been blacker or more 
irregular ; in short, she was as ugly as D6sir6e was beautiful. 

The Prince, who was fully possessed with the charming 
notion of his Princess, was transfixed and immoveable at the 
sight of tills woman  ^he had no power to speak a word, he 
looked at her with astonishment, and addressing himself to 
the King  -^I am betrayed!" said he. "The wonderful 
portrait by which I was captivated is nothing like the person 
they have sent us ; they have endeavoured to deceive us, and 
they have so far succeeded that it will cost me my life.** 
"What do you mean, my Lord?" said Longue-^pine ; "they 
have sought to deceive you?  know that you will never be 
deceived in marryinor me." Her effrontery and her pride 
were unexampled. Tlie lady-in-waiting went even beyond 
this. "Ah! my beautiful Princess!" cried she, "where are 
we come to? Is this the way to receive a personage of your 
rank? What inconstancy, what behaviour! the King, your 
father, will have satisfaction for this." " It is we who will 



THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 4l7 

~ faave satis&otion/' replied the King ; <' he promised us a 
; beaatiful Princess; he has sent us a skeleton^ a mummy that 
' ftjghtens us. I am no longer surprised that he has kept this 
loTely treasure hidden for fifteen years, that he might entrap 
some dupe. The chance has fidlen upon us, but revenge is 
not impossible." '^What outrages!" cried the mock Prin- 
oeasj '<am I not unfortunate to have come here upon the 
word of such peopled See how very wrong it is to be flattered 
in one's picture ; yet does it not happen every day) If for 
Bach absurdities princes sent back their affianced brides, few 
would marry.** 

The King and the Prince, transported with rage, did not 
deign to answer her ; they each remounted their litters, and 
without further ceremony, one of the body-guards placed the 
Princess behind him, and the lady-in-waiting waa similarly 
treated; they carried them into the city by order of the Eong; 
th^ were shut up in the Castle of the Three Points. 

Prince Guerrier waa so overwhelmed by the shock he 
bad just received, that his affliction could not find vent, 
though it fiUed his heart almost to bursting. When he was 
able to give utterance to it, what did he not say of his cruel 
destiny ! He was stiU in love, and the object of his passion 
was only a picture I His hopes no longer existed; all the 
charming ideaa he had indulged in of the Princess DIsirle 
had been destroyed; he would rather have died than have 
married the person whom he now believed to be that Princess ; 
in short, no despair had ever equalled his. He could no 
longer endure the court, and he determined to leave it 
secretly as soon aa his health would permit him, and seek 
out some solitary place wherein to pass the remainder of his 
sad life. 

He only communicated his plan to the faithful Becafigue ; 
he felt persuaded that he would follow him anywhere, and he 
preferred talking with him oftener than with any one of the 
shameful trick they had played him. He scarcely felt better 
before he departed, and left upon the table in his cabinet a 
long letter for the King, assuring him that the moment his 
mind was more at ease he would return to him; but he 
entreated him in the meantime to think of their mutual 
revenge, and still to detain the ugly princess a prisoner. 

It is easy to imagine the King*s grief when he received this 

 E 



418 TH HIND IN THE WOOD. 

letter. The separatioa from so dear a son nearly killed him. 
While eyerybody was endeavouring to console him, the Prinoe 
and Beoafigue were speeding away, and at the end of three 
days they found themselves in a vast forest, so dark from the 
thickness of the trees, so agreeable frt)m the freshness of the 
grass, and frt)m the rivulets which flowed in all directioDfly 
that the Prince, fatigued by the length of his joumey, for he 
waa still ill, dismounted, and threw himself dejectedly upon 
the ground with his hand under his head, hardly able to 
speak, he was so weak. "My lord," said Becafigue^ ''while 
you are reposing I will seek for fruits to refresh you, and 
reconnoitre the place a little which we have arrived at** l%e 
Prince did not answer, he only acknowledged by a sign that 
he could do so. 

It is a long time since we left the Hind in the wood ; 1 
will now speak of the incomparable Princess. She wept 
like a disconsolate hind, when she saw herself in a fountain, 
which served as a mirror for her. " What I can this be met** 
said she. " Now do I find myself subjected to the strangest 
fate that could happen in dl Fahy-land to so innocent a 
princess as I am. How long will my transformation last 9  
Where shall 1 conceal myself from the lions, bears, and 
wolves, that they may not devour me? How can I eat grass)** 
In short, she asked herself a thousand questions, and was in 
the greatest possible grief It is true, that if'anything could 
console her, it was that she was as beautifUl a hind as she 
had been a beautiful princess. 

Becoming very hungry, D6sir6e nibbled the grass with a 
good appetite, and was surprised she could do so. After- 
wards she laid down on the moss; night overtook her; she 
passed it in inconceivable alarm. She heard the wild beasts 
close to her, and often forgetting that she was a hind, she tried 
to climb some tree. The light of day somewhat reassured 
her; she admired its beauty, and the sun appeared some- 
thing so wonderful to her, that she was never wearied with 
looking at it ; all she had ever heard of it appeared to her 
much below what she now beheld ; it was the only consola- 
tion she could find in that desert place ; she remained there 
for several days quite by herself. 

The fairy Tulip, who had always loved this Princess, deeply 
felt for her misfortune ; but she was extremely vexed that 



XBM KQR) IN THX WOOIk 410 



^^^^ihe and the QuomL bad' pud id littlo 9i 

^^i^e; for nhe bad toU thent HTOral timeih that tf ti Prin- 

^^^i^et out before sbe mw fifteeo^ du would meet vHh some 

^^^^-HoweTor, she wctild not abviiaa bar to tiw 607 of tha 

i^H^Mf of the Fountain; and it was ibe wbo oondnctod Giro- 

^^^^irarda the foreit, that tliia ^thM confidant ou^t 

^^^^ttia the PrincesB in her misfbrtime. 

t^^^&e lovely Hiud ifaB. quietlr gming hj tho lida of a 

-tik, when Giroflge, who ooald weaneily walk, lay down to 

hereelf. She was locJong Tory moomflilly vhit^ way 

ebould go to find bar dear PriaocM. When the Hind 

/ her, Bhe suddenly boyad the brook, which was wide and 

p, and came and threw heraelf upon OiroBi^ and careawd 

a. thousand times. She was quite surpriied at it; she 

i not know whether the animals in tiiiB prorinoe had any 

rticular frieudMiip for people wbioh humanised them, or 

lether this one kncv hw  ^fbr in fiwt it was very singular, 

at a hind ahould think; of doing the honoon of the foreat 

well. 

She looked at it eanMatly, apd taw, widi mneh sunmse^ 

^e tars fiillmg from its ^es. She ao longer doubted thftii 

waa her dear Priuccaa ; she took bar feet, and kiswd tbem, 

ithaa nauch respect uid a&etion ae though she was kiaai]^ 

.Br hands. She spoke to her, and was conrinoed that tha 

~ Had. understood her, bi^ that she could not answer her*; 

heir tears and sighs were redoubled. Girofife pFomised her 

H ipp (, i ii ii tbat ube would not leave her any more. The Hmd 

Jm4bl<i thoDMnd little signs with her head and her eyee, 

. ' WW)i 19W^ Bhe should be Tsiy glad of it, and that it 

_^'ra^ 9#H>}e her for some of her troublea. 

~^ J SVV reiBxuned together nearly all the day. The Hind, 

~^ liiHj, that her &ithfiil Girodfe would want something to 

'^ mti lad her to a place in the forest where she had remarked 

' I^WB was some wild fruit that was very good Girofl^e ate 

_, a great quantity of it, for she was dying with hunger; but 

^ aftnr she had finished her meal, she became very uneasy, not 

knowing where they should retire for the night  for it was 

impossible to resolve on remaining in the middle of the forest, 

eipoaed to all the perils that might overtake them. 

, " Are you not afraid, charming Hind," said she, " to ^aaa 

the night beret" 

be2 



420 THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 

The Hind raised her eyes to heaven, and sighed. 

" But," continued Girofl6e, <' you have already penmbo- 
lated a part of this vast desert;^- Are there no oottagn 
here!  no charcoal-burner 1  no wood-outtert  no ha^ 
mitagef" 

The Hind indicated by the moyement of her head that die 
had not Been any. 

" Oh, ye gods!** cried Girofl^, "I shall not be alive in the 
morning: even should I be fortunate enough to eaoapethe 
tigers and bears, I am certain that fright wiHl be sufficieot 
to kill me ! And do not imagine, either, my dear PrinceBB^ 
that I regret perishing on my own account; it is ar yoor 
sake. Alas ! to leave you here destitute of all consolation, 
 what can be more distressing?" 

The little Hind began to weep, she sobbed almost like a 
human being. 

Her tears affected the fairy Tulip, who loved her tenderiy, 
notwithstanding her disobedience. She had always watched 
over her preservation, and suddenly appearing; eJie said to 
her,  '' I will not scold you, the situation in which I see yoa 
distresses me too much." 

The Hind and Girofl^e interrupted her, by throwing them- 
selves at her feet ; the former kissed her hands, and caressed 
her in the prettiest manner possible ; the other entreated her 
to have pity upon the Princess, and restore her to her natural 
form. 

" That does not depend upon me," said Tulip ; " she who 
has done her so much mischief is very powerful : but I can 
shorten her term of pimishment; and to mollify it, as soon as 
day gives place to night, she shall quit the form of a hind* 
bat, as soon as it is dawn, she must return to it, and roam the 
plains and forests like the other animals.*' 

It was a great relief to cease from being a hind even during 
the night ; the Princess expressed her joy by leaping and 
frisking about, which delighted Tulip. ** Proceed," said she 
to them, ** by this little path ; you will come to a hut, as 
j?ood a one as you could expect to find in such a country." 
So saying, she disappeared. Girofl^e followed her dii^eotions; 
slie entered with the Hind the path before them, ar^d found 
an old woman seated upon the step of her door jbushing 
an osier basket. Girofl6e accosted her. " My good ^ mother, 



-. THE WOOD. 421 

3 with mj hind]  I want & amall 

replied abe ; "I nill willingly give 
1 witii your hind." She led them 
iitty room, wainscoted with cherry- 
no little white dimity beds, and fine 
.-lo ^impla and clean, that the FrinceGS 
lal die iievLT saw anything more to her 

ifcquite dark, DSairfe ceased to be a hind; 

I Uirofiee a hundred timee; she thanked 

I, which induced her to follow her for- 

^her, ehe would make her very happy the 

oe had eaded. 

Elinoclted gently at their door, and without 

s excelleut fruit, which the Frin- 

C|{)od appetite. They then went to bed, and 

Jfght appeared DSar^e, having become a hind 

Z scratch at the door, that Girofl^e might open 

They wei-e hoth very sorry to be separated, 

.0 ehort a time; and the Hind, having plunged 

iikest pait of the wood, commenced running about 

t- Ircady said that Prince Guerrier had halted in the 

I that Becafigue waa hunting through it in all 

for some fruit. It was already late when he arrived 

ittage belongiug to the good old woman of whom I 

jken. He spoke politely to her, and asked her for 

things his master wanted. She hastened to fill a 

. and gave it hina. " I fear," said she, "that if you 

le night here without shelter some accident will happen 

. I can offer you a very humble one, but at all events 

save you from the lions." 

thanked her, and said he waa with one of his friend^ 
im he would go back and propose their coming to her 
In short, he knew so well how to persuade the Prince, 
e allowed himself to be conducted to the old woman's 
;; she was still at the door, and without making any 
she led them to a room like the one tha Princess 
ed, and from wh^ch it was only separated by a wooden 



422 THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 

The Prince passed the night a prey to his usual anxietiBi 
As soon as the first rays of the sun were shimng in at In 
windows, he rose, and to divert his sadnesSy he went into tk 
forest, telling Becafigue not to follow him. He walked tr 
some time without taking any certain path, at length h 
arrived at rather a spacious place, thickly ooyered with tna 
and moss. Instantly a hind started off. He could not hdp 
following it  his dominant passion was the chaae^ but k 
cared less for it since love had taken poasession of his heaii 
Notwithstanding that, he pursued the poor Hind, and tout 
time to time he let fly an arrow at her, which fii^tened her 
to death, although she was not wounded, for her friend Tulip 
preserved her from that; and nothing less than the guudiin 
hand of a fEiiry could have saved her from peridiing fina 
shafts so truly aimed. No one had ever felt so tired as the 
Princess of Hinds ; such exercise was quite new to her. At 
last she fortunately took a turn by which the dangeroos 
hunter lost sight of her, and being extremely fatigued him- 
self, gave up the pursuit 

The day having passed in this manner, the Hind was de- 
lighted when the hour for retiring drew near. She tamed 
her steps towards the house, where Girofl6e was impatientlj 
awaiting her. As soon as she was in her chamber, she threw 
herself upon the bed, quite out of breath, and in a great per- 
spiration. Girofl^e caressed her a thousand times, she was 
dying to hear what had happened to her. The hour for trans- 
formation had arrived, and the lovely Princess resumed her 
proper form. " Alas !" said she, "I thought I had nothing to 
fear but the Fairv of the Fountain, and fiie cruel inhabitants 
of the forests ; but to-day I have been pursued by a young 
hunter, whom I scarcely saw, so hasty was my flight. A 
thousand arrows, shot after me, threatened me with inevitable 
death; I am still ignorant by what good fortime I could 
have been able to escape." "You must not go out any more, 
my Princess," replied Giroflle ; " pass in this chamber the 
fatal time of your penance. I will go to the nearest city, to 
purchase books to amuse you, we will read the new stories 
that have been written about the fairies, we will compose 
verses and songs." " Peace, dear girl," replied the Princess, 
"the charming thought of Prince Guerrier is sufficient to oc- 
cupy me pleasantly; but the same power which reduces me 



THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 423 

during the day to the sad condition of a hind, compels me to 
do as hinds do I run, I skip, and I eat grass like them. 
At such times a room would be insupportable to me.** She 
bfkd been so harassed by the chase, that she required some- 
thing to eat immediately; she then closed her two beauti- 
ftal eyes till the dawn of day. As soon as she perceiyed it, 
the usual transformation took place, and she returned to the 
forest. 

The Prince, on his part, had returned in the evening, and 
'rejoined his fiivourite. *' I have spent my time," said he, " in 
Tanning after the most lovely hmd I ever saw ; she eluded 
me a hundred times with wonderful dexterity; I took so true 
an aim ait her, that I cannot imderstand how she could escape 
untouched. As soon as it is daylight, I shall look for her 
'again, and I will not miss her the next time." In short, the 
young Prince, who wished to drive from his heart the idea of 
a hei^ he believed to be imaginary, was not sorry that his 
love for hunting amused him, and returned betimes to the 
spot where he had found the Hind ; but she took good care 
not to go there again, fearing a similar accident to the one 
she had met with. He looked all around him, and walked 
about for some time, and, being very much heated, he was 
delighted to find some apples, the colour of which pleased 
him; he gathered some, and ate them, and almost imme- 
diately he fell into a sound sleep, stretched on the cool 
grass under some trees, which thousands of birds seemed to 
have fixed on for their assignations. 

While he was sleeping, our timid Hind, eager to find a 
sequestered spot, came to the one in which he was reposing. 
Had she perceived him sooner, she would have fled : but she 
found herself so close to him, that she could not help looking 
at him; and his heavy sleep so emboldened her, that she stood 
and contemplated his features at her leisure. Oh, ye gods! 
what became of her when she recognised him ! her mind had 
been too deeply impressed by his charming form for her to 
have foigotten it in so short a time. Love, Love, what 
wouldest thou, then) Must the Hind run the risk of being 
slain by the hand of her lover) Tes, she exposes herself to 
that peril ; she no longer thinks of her safety. She couched 
down a little distance from him, with her eyes fixed upon 
him, not turning them away for an instant She sighed, she 



! 






424 THE HIND IN THE WCX)D. 

uttered some little plaintive sounds, and at last, beoomai 
bolder, she approached still nearer; she touched him, andk IjIe 
awoke. ^ l* 

His surprise was excessive ; he saw it was the Bame Imi I k 
that had given him so much exercise and that he had baa |^ 
seeking so long a time for; but to find her so fitmiliar i^pemi 
most extraordinary to him. She did not wait long enongk 
for him to seize her, but ran off with all her might, and 1m 
followed with all his. From time to time they stopped to 
take breath, for the lovely Hind was tired from having nm 
so much the evening before, and the Prince was not Im 
fatigued than she was. But what caused the Hind to aLadoBB 
her flight 1 Alas ! must I own it ? It was the fear of aepantiqg 
herself too &r from him, who had woimded her muoh more lij 
his merit than by the arrows which he shot at her. ]Bte 
remarked she very often turned her head, as thou^ to ask 
him if he wished her to die by his hand ; and when he wis 
on the point of overtaking her, she renewed her efforts to 
escape. " Ah, if thou couldst understand me, little Hind," 
cried he, ''thou wouldst not shun me; I love thee^ and 
would cherish thee; thou art charming; I will take care 
of thee." The air carried away his words, they did not reach 
her. 

At length, after making the round of the forest, our Hind 
could not run any longer, and slackened her pace. The 
Prince redoubling his, came up with her with a delight whidi 
he could scarcely believe it possible he could feeL He 
evidently saw she had lost all her strength; she was lying 
down like a poor half-dead little animal, and only expecting 
her life to be taken by the hands of her conqueror; but in- 
stead of being so cruel, he began to caress her. " Beautiful 
Hind," said he, " do not be afraid ; I will take thee with me, 
and thou shalt follow me everywhere." He cut some branches 
from the trees, twisted them skilfully, and covered them 
with moss; scattered roses upon them, which he gathered 
from some bushes in full blossom, then took the Hind in his 
arms, laid her head upon his neck, and placed her gentiy 
upon the boughs ; after which he sat down near her, seeking 
m time to time the finest grass, which he gave to her, and 
lahe ate from his hand. 
I Prince continued to t9k.\k to lior^ olthougii he was per- 



rax Hnm m thx wogd. 4S5 




she did not undenland him. Notwithstandiiig the 
_ she &te in loddi^ at hizn, she became Teiy iineasy 

M nidit was approodiizi^ ^What will be the oomequenoey'* 
^Md ne-to hsneU^ *^ ahrg ild he lee me suddenly ohaiige my 
^~nt he win be alanned and fly fiom me; or if he do not 
horn me^ what haye I not to &et then alone in this 
1" 1^ oonld think of nothing bat how to escape, 
^ribfln he famished her with the means himself; for fearing 
Ae mi^t want to diink, he went to find some streamlet that 
 Afr, ooiM lead her ta While he was seeking it she quickly 
flbde away, and sa&ly reached the cottage where Girofl6e was 
^vaiting for her. She again threw hraself open her bed^ni^ 
pua0, her transformatiini ended, and she appeared in her own 
farm. '^WooldiEri; thoa believe it, my dear Girofl^e,*' said she, 
^my Prinoe Guenier is in this forest; it is he who has been 
honting me for the last two days, and who, having cau^t 
me, oaraned me a thousand times. Ah, how untruthful is 
the p(inut they have brought me of him ! he is a hundred 
times handsomer. All the disorder of an eager huntsman's 
dresB^ fiur fix>m detracting from his appearance, giyes a charm 
to it which I cannot ei^lain. Is it not most unfortunate^ 
that I am compelled to fly from this Prince^  he whom my 
parents have chosen flnr me,  ^he who loves me^ and whom I 
lovet A wicked fidry must needs take a dislike to me, from 
the day I was bom, and afflict me for the rest of my life.' 
She began to weep; Girofl6e tried to console her, and en 
oouEsge a hope tlu^ her sorrow would soon be changed to 
happinesB. 

Ine Prince returned to his dear Hind, as soon as he had 
found a spring, but she was no longer where he had left her. 
He sought for her everywhere, but in vain; he felt as much 
vexed with her as though she possessed reason. ''What," 
exclaimed he, ''shall I always have cause to complain of this 
deceitful and unMthful sex?" He returned to the good 
woman's cottage very melancholy; he related to his friend 
the adventure with the Hind, and accused her of ingrati- 
tude. Becafigue could not help laughing at the Prince's 
rage; he advised him to punish the Hind when he met with 
her again. "I shall only remain here for that. purpose," 
replied the Prince ; " we will afterwards continue our 
journey." 



426 THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 

Daylight returned, and with it the Princess resumed b 
form of the White Hind, She knew not what to do, wfaethv I Tj 
to seek the places the Prince generally frequented, or to tab Iflc 
an opposite direction and avoid him. She decided upon tte I r 
latter, and went very for away; but the young Prinoe^ irbo Ite 
was as cunning as she was, did the same thing, firmly belief |{ 
she would adopt this little nue, so that he discovered kr 
in the thickest part of the forest. She was just &ncying ho- 
self perfectly safe, when she caught sight of him. She in- 
stantiiy bounded up, and jumped over the Inushes, and, as if 
she feared him still more on account of the trick shie had 
played him the preceding evening, she flew &8ter than the 
winds; but at the moment she was crossing a path, he took 
so good an aim at her, that he lodged an arrow in hff 
leg. She was in violent pain, her strength fiuled her, and 
she fell. 

Cruel and barbarous Cupid, where wert thou then? What I 
couldst thou suffer an incomparable giri to be woonded fcj 
her affectionate lover ? The sad catastrophe was inevitabk^ 
for the Fairy of the Fountain intended this to be the end of 
the adventure. The Prince came up ; he was sensibly afieeted 
to see the Hind bleeding. He gathered some herbs, bound 
them round her leg, to alleviate the pain of the wound, and 
made her a new bed of branches. He placed the Hindis head 
upon his knees. " Dost thou not deserve what has happened 
to thee, little runaway?" said he. "What did I yesterday, 
that thou shouldst have abandoned me 1 It shall not happen 
again to-day; I will take thee with me." The Hind did not 
answer : what could she say ? She was wrong, and could not 
speak ; for it does not always follow that those who are wrong 
will be silent. The Prince lavished a thousand caresses on 
her. " How grieved I am that I have woimded thee !" said 
he ; " thou wilt hate me, and I would thou shouldst love me." 
To hear him, it seemed as if some genius secretly inspired him 
with all he said to the Hind. At last the time arrived for 
returning to the old woman's; he hfted up his game, and was 
much inconvenienced by carrying it, leading it, and some- 
times by dragging it 

She had not the slightest wish to go with hhn. " What 

will beoome of nie," said she, " alone with this Prince ? Ah ! 

d niher die T^ SYie TQ8A<b Yisn^j^ ^& V^^d^r^ & ^ha could 



THS Hun) IK THi iroQD. 4S7 

ordensome to him : he ma streamiiig with penpirKtion, 
&tigae j and althon^ he wojb now ndt i&r frokn the oot^ 
he felt that without aanstance he oould not get his 
re home. He went to seek his fidthfal Beoafigue; hut 
) he quitted the Hind, he tied it by several iihands to 
K)t of a tree, that it might not get away. 
\s\ who oould have thought that the mort beantifnl 
ess in the world should have hem treated thus by a 
B who adored her! She tried in vain to break the 
is j her efforts in doing so drew the knots still titter, 
he had nearly stranded herself with a slip-knot he had 
kily made ; when Girofl^, tired of being bo long shtit 
her chamber, walked out for a Httle air, and paswd by 
pot where the White Hind was stmgglhig. What was 
[stress when she perceived her dear mistress ! Sh6 oould 
intie the ribands &Bt enough, which were knotted in 
mt places ; and the Prince arrived with Beoafigue just as 
8ia about to lead away the Hind. *' Whatever respect I 
have for you, Madam," said the Prince to her, *'you 
permit ine to object to the robbery you would oommit. 
e wounded this Hind; she is my property; I love her. 
eat you to leave her to me.** " My lord," civilly replied 
6e (for she was very polite and gracious), ^ Ihis Hind 
;ed to me before she did to you. I would much sooner 
rp my life than her; and if you would be convinced how 
^e knows me, I only beg of you to give her a littte 
y. Come, my Httle white darling," add^ she, '^ embrace 
the Hind jumped on her neck. " Kiss my ri^t cheek f 
)eyed. " Feel my heart ;" she put her foot there. " Sigh ;* 
ghed. The Prince could no longer doubt what Giroflle 
im. *' I restore her to you," said he, generously, "but, I 
Qot without much regret." She instantly departed with 
!ind. 

3y knew not that the Prince lived in their house; he 
ed them at a distance, and was surprised to see them 
the good old woman's habitation. He went in very 
y after them, and, urged by a movement of curiosity 
the White Hind had given rise to, he inquired who the 
; woman was. The old dame replied, that she did not 
; that she had taken her to lodge there with ksc '^' 
she paid her well; and that she Uve^ "^rorj 



428 THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 

Becafigue asked, which was her chamber. She told him itm -^ 
so close to his, that it was only separated by a partition. 1^ 

When the Prince withdrew, his confidant told him hem li 
the most mistaken of men, if that girl had not lived with the 1 1 
Princess Dlsir6o j that he had seen her at the palace, when he 
was there as ambassador. " What sad recollections you awake 
in my mind 1" said the Prince; " and by what chance is the 
here?" " I am ignorant of that, my Lord," added Becafigoe; 
but 1 wish to see her again, and as it is merely a slight piece 
of carpenter's work that separates us, I am going to make 
a hole in it." " Mere useless curiosity," sadly replied the 
Prince; for Becafigue's words had renewed all his grief: and 
with that he opened the window, which looked into the forest, 
and sat at it, ruminating. 

In the meanwhile Becafigue set to work, and in a veiy 
short time had made a hole sufficiently leo^e to perceive the 
charming Princess, dressed in a robe of silver brocade, with 
crimson flowers embroidered with gold and emeralds. Her 
hair fell in large curls upon the most beautiful neck in the 
world, her complexion was brilliant, and her eyes were en- 
trancing. Girofl6e was on her knees before her, binding np 
her arm, from which the blood was flowing profusely. They 
both of them appeared much perplexed by this wound. 
" Leave me to die," said the Princess ; " death would be 
sweeter to me than the deplorable life I lead. What !, must 
I become a Hind every day, to see him to whom I am 
betrothed, without speaking to him, without informing him 
of my fatal accident ? Alas ! if thou knewest all the tender 
things he said to me while in my other shape ; how sweet the 
tone of his voice; how noble and fascinating his manners; 
thou wouldst pity much more than thou dost now my inability 
to enlighten him as to my fate." 

One may easily imagine Becafigue's astonishment at all 

that he saw and heard. He ran to the Prince  he dragged 

him tma the window, with inexpressible transports of joy. 

Lord," said he, '' lose no time in approaching that 

will then see the real original of the portrait 

* The Prince looked Uirough the aperture^ 

gniaed the Princess. He would have 

had not feared he was deceived by 

hisii Qfirald ha reooncile such a sur- 



THE HIND IN THE WOOD. 429 

msing adventure with the existence of Longue-^pine and 
ler mother, who were imprisoned in the Castle of the Three 
Points^ and who had taken the name, one of D^sir^, and the 
>tber of her lady-in-waiting. 

His passion, however, flattered him. We are naturally 
iiidined to persuade ourselves of the truth of that which we 
lesire ; and upon such an occasion, one must die with impa- 
tience, or obtain an explanation. Without a moment's delay, 
he 'went, and knocked gently at the door where the Princess 
was. Girofl^e, never doubting but that it was the good old 
woman, and needing her assistance to bandage her mistress's 
arm, hastened to open the door; and was much surprised to 
see the Prince, who entered, and threw himself at the feet of 
D^air^. The transports which excited him interfered so 
much to prevent his making any connected speech, that, not- 
withstanding the pains I have taken to ascertain exactly what 
he said in these first moments, I have foimd no one who cotild 
much enlighten me on the subject. The Princess felt equally 
perplexed to answer him ; but Love, who often acts as inter- 
preter to dumb people, became a third in the party, and per- 
suaded them both tiiat nothing had ever been said so well, or 
at least nothing so touching and so tender. Tears, sighs, 
TOWS, and even some sweet smiles, succeeded. Thus passed 
the night. Daylight appeared without D6sir^ ever think- 
ing about itj and she did not, as usual, take the form of 
a Hind. Nothing could equal her joy at this discovery; she 
was too fond of the Prince not to make him the partaker 
of her delight. She then recited her history to him, which 
she did witib a natural grace and eloquence that &r surpassed 
that of the most skilful narrator. 

'What!" exdaimed the Prince, "my charming Princess! 
is it you I wounded imder the form of a white hind? 
What can I do to expiate so great a crime) Will it suffice to 
die with grief before your eyes?" He was so sadly afflicted 
that his distress was painfully visible in his countenance. 
"Piar^e suffered more from that than from her wound. She 
fiBsared him it was a mere trifle, and that she could not 
help blessing an accident which procured her so much 
happiness. 

llie manner in which she spoke to him was eo kmd^lVi^. 



TH BIND  IBM ITOOD. 481 

w the dJ^OM of u old vomui, dw had 
,VJHeV9E>I di^ 

sPdnoe hd iMogniaBd his tiDopi, and gone 

g hia father, dte Fiu^ entned DUrfe'i ohMU- 

^ed upon her aim ud eorad her woond. She 

Stanch drees in vbioli riia i^ieaied before the 

H BO charmed be ooold aearoe^ beUsre her to be 

jTsaid all that me can imagine moat ooarteoiiB 

an occasion, and eatnated her not to delkjr 

[subjects huppy by beeotning their Queen. " For* 

, " I am resolved to give np my kingdom to 

er, to red^r him mcH wortliy of you." DUife 

K all the puliteneH that mig^t be ezpeotod frtnu se 

KperBon; theu, oaatiiig uSr eyes ipo ^ ^*o 

no were in the ohariot, and who hid their ham 

rhanda, she bad the genenwty to ask Ibr thnr 

T that thej might be sont in the same chariot 

^tey nould wbh to go. The Tting consented to hw 

lot without admiring and praising her for her kind- 

tb army was ordered to march back again. The Fiinoe 
{ted a horse, tisat ha might accompany bis lovely 
le. They were receivod in the capital city with a thonr 
BhoutBofjoy; everything was prepared for the nnptialB, 
\i were reodered more Bolema by me preeenoe of the ax. 
;nant fiiirieB who loved the Princess. They made her the 
Bt presents that could poeaibly be imagined; among 
s, tiie magnificent palace, where the Queen had been to 
them, appeared suddenly in the air, cturied by fifty 
aand Cupids, who placed it in a beautiful plain on the 
; of the river. No greater pft could possibly be bestowed 
. her. 

le &ithful Becafigue entreated his master to speak to 
1^ for htm, that he might be united to her when he 
ied the Princess. The Prince did bo willingly ; that 
He girl was very happy to meet irith so advantageoua an 
Jishmeut on her arrival in a foreign kingdom. The iaiiy 
>, who was even more hberal than her siaters, presented 
nth four gold mines in the Indies, that her husband 
Id not be able to say he was richer than herselC The 



THB HIND IN THE WOOD. 



PriooETa wedding festivities continued for BeTeial moiiK 
each day produced a teedi amusement,  and the adTent 
of the White Hind were sung tluoughoiit the worid. 



Fnie lo whil pgiili  



m Lon'i Ubcril bud 
ttewctD vlthMnd, 
lurdingennu p<nr^; 





THE WHITE CAT. 



* Once upon a time there was a King, who had three brave 
> and handsome sons. He was afraid they might become 
anxious to reign during his lifetime. There were even some 
J whispers in circulation that they sought to make partizans 
ivith a view of depriving him of his kingdom. The King felt 
he was growing old; but his mental capacity being undi- 
minished, he had no fancy for vacating in their fevour a place 
he filled so worthily. He thought, therefore, that the best 
way to live in peace, was by amusing them with promises 
which he could always elude the performance of He called 
them into his closet, and after having spoken very kindly to 
them he added, " You will agree with me, my dear children, 
that my great age forbids my applying myself to the business 
of the State with so much assiduity as formerly. I fear my 
subjects may suffer from this circumstance. I wish to trans- 
fer my crown to one of you ; but to deserve such a gift, it is 
but just that you should on your parts seek to please me. 
Now, as I contemplate retiring into the country, it appears 
to me that a pretty, faithful, and intelligent little dog would 
be an excellent companion for me. So in lieu of prefening 
my eldest to my youngest son, I declare to you, that which- 
ever of you three shall bring me the handsomest little dog 
shall forthwith become my heir." 

The Princes were exceedingly surprised at the inclination 
the King expressed for a little dog ; but the two youngest 
saw they might find their account in it, and accepted with 
pleasure the commission to go in search of one. The eldest 
was too timid or too respectful to urge his own right. They 
took leave of the King, who distributed amongst them money 
and jewels, adding that the following year, mtVvcwLt ^M^ ^^ 

P F 



434 THE WHITE CAT. 

the same day and hour they would return and bring bk 
their little dogs. 

Before setting out, they repaired to a castle within a leagv 
of the city, assembled therein their most intimate friendsy tad 
gave splendid banquets, at which the three brothers pledge! 
to each other an eternal friendship, and declared that thflf 
would aot in the affair in question without jealousy or nuirti* 
fication, and that the successful candidate would be alwaji 
ready to share his fortune with the others. At length tluif 
departed, agreeing to meet on their return at the same castk^ 
thence to proceed together to the King. They dedined 
having any followers, and changed their names that thejf 
might not be known. 

Each took a different road : the two eldest met with manf 
adventures; but I shall only recount those of the youngetti 
He was well-mannered, of a gay and joyous temperament^ had 
an admirable head, a noble figure, regular features, fine teeth, 
was very skilful in all exercise that became a prince, nag 
agreeably, touched the lute and the theorbo with a delicMj 
that charmed every one; could paint; in one word, mi 
highly accomplished ; and as to his courage, it amounted to 
intrepidity. 

Scarcely a day passed that he did not buy dogs, big or little: 
greyhoimds, mastiffs, bloodhounds, pointers, spaniels, water- 
dogs, lap-dogs ; the instant he found one handsomer than the 
other, he let the first go to keep the new purchase ; for it 
would have been impossible for him to lead about by himself 
thirty or forty thousand dogs, and he persevered in his deter- 
mination to have neither gentlemen, nor valets de chambre, 
nor pages in his train. He continued his journey without 
having any fixed point to proceed to, when night, accom- 
panied with thunder and rain, surprised him in a forest 
through which he was no longer able to trace a path. 

He took the first he could find, and after having walked a 
long way, he saw a glimmer of light, which convinced him 
that there was some habitation near him in which he might 
find shelter till the morning. Guided by the light he came 
to the gate of the most ma^ificent castle that could ever be 
imagined. This gate was of gold covered with carbuncles, the 
pure and vivid light of which illuminated all the neighbour- 
hood. It was this light ^bick \iift ^\vkft had perceived at 



THE WHITE CAT, 485 

R. ^reat distanoe. The walls were of transparent porcelain^ 
of several colours, on which were represented the histories of 
m the Fairies from the beginning of the world to that day. 
!fhe BLmous adventures of Peau d'Ane,^ Finette, the Orange- 
tree, Gracieuse, the Sleeping Beauty in the Wood, Green 
Serpent, and a hundred others, were not forgotten. He was 
delighted to meet amongst them, with Prince Sprite ; for he 
was his uncle, according to the &shion of Brittany.^ The 
rain and storm prevented his staying longer on a spot 
vhere he was being wetted to the skin; besides which he 
ooiild not see anything beyond where the light of the car- 
bunclea extended to. 

He returned to the golden gate. He saw a kid*s foot 
Bbttached to a chain of diamonds. He admired all this magni- 
fioenoe, and the security in which the owners of the castle 
E^ypeared to live. " For, after all," said he, '* what is to pre- 
vent thieves from coming and cutting down this chain and 
pulling the carbuncles off the gate If They would enrich 
themselves for ever." 

. He pulled the kid*s foot and immediately heard a bell ring, 
which seemed by its sound to be of gold or of silver; a 
moment after, the gate was opened without his perceiving 
anything except a dozen of hands in the air, each of which 
held a flambeau. He was so astonished that he hesitated to 
advance; when he felt other hands which pushed him for- 
wards with gentle violence. He moved on, therefore, with 
some distrust, and at all risks, keeping his hand on the hilt of 
his sword; but on entering a vestibule entirely encrusted 
with porphyry and lapis lazuli, he heard two enchanting 
Toioes whioh sang these words : 

** start not at the hands you see, 
Nor fear in this delightful place 
Aught, except a lovely face, 
If from Love your heart would flee." 

He could not believe that he was invited so graciously for 
the purpose of eventually injuring him ; so that, feeling him- 
self pudied towards a large gate of coral, which opened 

(1) A Fairy tale hy Perrault, author also of the Sleeping Beauty. The rest are by 
the Countess herself, and contained^ this Volume. 

(2) " Au uncle i la mode de Bretagne," is the cousin-germaxi of \!!ca l.\}&Kt ^x^C&& 
mother, bat it i used to signity a very distant degree ol leVatvoKiibxe. 

FF 2 



434 TH3 

the aame day and hour 
their little dogs. 

Before setting out, they 
of the city, assembled the 
gave splendid banquets, > 
to each other an eten^I 
would act in the aOair in. 
fication, and that the bis 
ready to share bis fortui^ 
departed, agreeing to mae 
thence to procd toge 
having any followers, itx: 
might not be known. 

Each took a different x 
adventures; but I riiall 
He was well- mannered, ot 
an admiroble head, a nob 
was very skilful in all ^ 
agreeably, touched the !'' 
tliat charmed evetr on* 
highly accomplished ; an 
intrepidity . 

Scarcely a day passed 
greyhounds, mnstifla, 1 
dogs, lap-dogs; the in- 
other, he let the fii- 
would have been ini| 
thirty or forty thou- 
miuation to have r 
nor pages in lus i 

iliivjiii- any fixci! 
piUliod wilU til' 





4SQ 

^ llieatTe, wherein twelve 
"" Imllat. One party waa 
It, is ea^ to imagine 
every now and then 
Thus finished the 
Btioil uigbt" to her guest ; 
fetors so hx, took hold of 
jrtuaeiit quite different from 
aificeutas it was elegant. 
^ ; the -variouB 
A different flowers. There 
e birds, and which, 
The bed- furniture 
Kind bowa of riband. Thie 
nag to the floor, with &ameB 
iOUsand little Cupids, 
hout saying a word, for there 
a the hand^ that waited upon 
awakened by a confused noise. 
J. him out of bed, and dressed him 
ooked into the court-yard of the 
e than five hundred cats, some of 
 the slips, others were blowing the 
^ f&te-day. White Cat waa going to 

Ibe rrince to accompany her. The officionB 
"lim nith a wooden horae, which went full 
_ [ up the pace wonderfully. He made some 
ic'untitig it, saying that it wanted but little to 
_l B knight-Errant like Don Quixote; but his resist- 
i useless; they placed him on the wooden horse. The 
a 6nd saddle of it were embroidered with gold and 
White Cat rode a monkey, the handsomest and 
t that had ever been seen. She had thrown off her 
s a dragoon's cap, which made her look so 
she frightened all the mice in the neighbourhood. 
a there a more agreoaMc hunting party. The cats 
^^ntxui the rabbits and hares, and as iast as they caught them 
'vFbite Cat had the cur&e^ made in her presence, and a thou- 
1 oldlihl fbatswere performed, to the great gratification of 

rhichiignlflei t^iBifHuOAa^^^t 
cipot. 



TKS wnm CAT. 

Kb wMlli WBMM^ n* Unk on Umst 
Unill ' It /" ^' ^^ -"-' - ' the tn 
W H k M IMW > mnwCW up watathe nam rf #^ 
t l il l H I* Wl Wl if Oi rt *tWk hi^PMMW the ^ 
% %M* W<t i*. ^ WKita Cat took * bent, M 



-1 






I MmM| Wm. >- ** SoiiTisbes. she wm umiwiM J i d kf 

lfc'*l*'>ll*<wWT. Soroc i>]w*red in tbe , lid^ 

4l,4feMMKr iJMliWiwf m K-ttts hy wnUr ; in sboti, n nur 

%<> ^tfm <w l ^C***"* N* 'lll<^y wereiitariyUdiei 

.'Ml*W<MM>.l4.*lHna<sl1<y this BiJendid tiMB,lk 

W IWW * %fc *i4fc, ttWt t l i H <1>* Prince to aaxaajamv 
V* 1|| ^4Mli^afe * 4o so, notwithsUDding thu 
W. Ww4 if<lltfl4t wKU  ))tt] of a witch's fcEtml, 
WtHU f ft H li fcimmM tWf h M i hiM beyond all theme 

Jl M t* > WmMI Vmh. abr put on her gmt Uafk 

ih4 Sfc^ii***i*IVfcK6, thorns hungry, and did 

4fMWV<kw{!tkiH*. Ifc^ Wnoght him some hqneui^ 

^teil ) iW<Ml M* >A iWMbMMn, Mid the; immedktelj 

AbsX^ fcl <\\stlbs'su .V Aif Vrtfe dnc iii> iras to find for ttie 

\ .. , .,- :.. : ,1 -: \ itiuii liut mewing with 

\, .-. ^-- -, .. .-i ")i;V kind and feithtul 

, ...v^v ^ , > ;, iiiTTftil'le amusements, 

-> .^-  . , - ..;:.:-^ After which, there 

.. .. . s .^ . ^ N  . . .,s.'_;i,: .Alior things -which 

,, , - . I.-,-. : . ..! ;v:.:ilifu] Cat herself 

,-, , ',-..,... . ^ ...-, s .-. :> s.- ;"i:ll of passionate 

. v^ .. >.. ,- V, :.-^-. ;. s-.isn-jitiWe henn. 

^. . . , ' ^> ;.v. :..-- ;>ri*e;-Ted, it i^ 



THE WHITB CAT. 441 

rt^Aat." She was axauBed by his wiah, and returned him some 
^imysterious answers, out of which he could scarcely make 
^i^vanything. A year flies away quickly when one has neither 

 care nor pain, when one is merry and in good health. White 
jvlGat knew the time at which the Prince was bound to return, 

i :.and as he thought no more of it she reminded him. ^* Dost 

 know," said she, '' that thou hast only three days left to look 

 for the little dog that the King, thy fether, wishes for, and 
z that thy brothers have already found several very beautifull" 
I The Prince's memory returned to him, and, astonished at his 
: n^ligence, *^ What secret speU," he exclaimed, " could have 

made me :>iget a thing, the most important to me in the 
world?  My honour and my fortime are staked upon it. 
Where shall I find such a dog as will win a kingdojn for me, 
and a horse swift enough to perform such a journey in so 
short a timel" He be^m to be very anxious and sorrowful. 

White Cat said to him, with miioh sweetness, '' Son of a 
King, do not distress thyself, I am thy Mend Thou mayest yet 
remain here one day longer ; and, although it is five hundred 
lessee from this to your country, the good wooden horse will 
carry you there in less than twelve hours." '^ I thank you, 
beautiful Gat," said the Prince ; *^ but it is not sufficient for 
me merely to return to my father; I must take him a little dog." 
" Hold," said White Cat, " here is an acorn which contains one 
more beautiful than the dog-star." " Oh, Madam Cat," cried 
the Prince, " your majesty jests with me." " Put the acorn 
to your ear," rejoined she, *' and you will hear it bark." He 
obeyed her, and immediately the little dog went "bow, wow," 
which transported the Prince with delight, for such a dog as 
could be contained in an acorn was certain to be very dimi- 
nutive indeed. 

He was going to open the acorn, so eager was he to see the 
dog, but White Cat told him that it might catch cold on the 
journey, and it would be better for him to wait till he was in 
the presence of his royal father. He thanked her a thousand 
times, and took a most tender leave of her. " I assure you," 
he added, " that the days I have passed with you have flown 
80 quickly, that I regret in some measure leaving you behind 
me ; and although you are a sovereign here, and all the 
cats that compose your court possess much more wit and 
gallantry than ours, I do not hesitate to mV\^ -jwjiV 



442 THB WHITB GAT. 

vith me." Hie Cat replied to this ihTitation only by a dnp 

They parted : the Prince was the finfc to reach the CHtk 
where he had appointed to meet his brothers. Thej anind 
shortly after him, and were sorprised to see a wooden hone in 
the court-yard which curvetted with more gmoe than any cm 
sees in the riding schools. 

The Prince came forward to receive them, they emhraoed 
several times, and recounted their travels to each other; bat 
our Prince kept his principal adventures a secret from his 
brothers, and ^owed them an ugly turnspit, obeerving^ that 
he Hiought it so beautiful that he had selected it fixrpceaentA- 
tion to the King. Notwithstanding the friendship that ex- 
isted between the brothers, the two eldest Mt a secret j^ at 
the bad taste of their younger brother. Being seaM at 
table, they trod on each other^s toes, by way of signUyhigthat 
they had not much to fear on that account 

The next morning they set out together in the same ooadt 
The Eing^s two eldest sons carried in baskets some litde dcgs, 
so beaut&ul and delicate that one could soaroely Tentiue to 
touch them. The youngest son carried the poor taniq)it, 
which was so filthy that nobody could bear the sight of it 
As soon as they set foot in the palace, eveiybody surrounded 
them to welcome them back to court They entered the 
King's apartment. He was puzzled in whose favour to decide, 
for the little dogs which were presented to him by the two 
eldest were so nearly equal to each other in beauty ; and they 
had already begun to dispute the right of succession, when 
their younger brother reconciled them by taking out of his 
pocket the acorn which the White Cat had given him. He 
opened it immediately, and then eveiybody beheld a little 
dog lying upon cotton. It passed through a ring without 
touching any part of it. The Prince pla^d it on the floor, 
and it began directly to dance a saraband with the castagnettes, 
as lightly as the most celebrated Spanish dancer. It was of 
a thousand different colours; its hair and its ears swept the 
ground. The King was dumbfounded, for it was impossible 
to find a word to say against the beauty of Teuton. Never- 
theless, he was by no means inclined to resign his crown. The 
smallest fleur-de-lis in its circle was dearer to him than all the 
dogs in the universe. He \jo\iY:iA& OtiSL^^cNsii^^^esc^^^x^^^lbal he 



THE irmTB GAT. 448 

rwas gratified by the trouble they had taken; but that they 

had suooeeded so wdl in fulfilling the first request he had 

x^made to them, that he should test their ability again before 

.Jhe performed his promise. He therefore gave them a year to 

r txavel over land and sea, in quest of a pieoe of doth so fine 

I - that it would pass throng the eye of a needle used to make 

Venetian point-lace with. They were all three exceedingly 

ehagrined to be obliged to go upon a new Toyage of discovery. 

The two Princes, whose dogs were less beantifiil than that of 

the youngest, consented. Each took his own way, without so 

many professions of friendship as before^ for the turnspit had 

rather cooled their ardour. 

Our Prince remounted his wooden horse, and without wishing 
to find other assistance than he might hope for from the friend- 
ship of White Cat, he set out at fall speed, and returned to the 
 castle where he had been so kindly received by her. He found 
ail the doors open. The windows, the roofii, the towers, and 
the walls were all illuminated by a hundred thousand lamps, 
-which produced a wonderful efiSsct. The hands which had 
-waited so well upon him advanced to meet him, and took the 
bridle of the excellent wooden horse, which they led to the 
stable, while the Prince entered White Cat's apartments. 

She was lying in a little basket on a very neat mattrasB of 
v^hite satin. She was in her morning cap, and seemed low- 
spirited, but when she perceived the Prince she cut a thou- 
sand capers, and played as many gambols to testify her delight 
to him. " Whatever reason I had to hope you would return," 
said she to him,' ^ I confess. Son of a King, that I dared not 
flatter myself }fy indulging in it, and I am generally so un- 
fortunate in matters that concern me that this is an agreeable 
surprise." The grateful Prince caressed her a thousand 
times. He recounted to her the success of his journey, 
whi|4i she knew perhaps better than he did, and that the 
king wanted a piece of cloth which could pass through the 
eye of a needle ; that in truth he believed it was impossible 
to find such a thing, but that he had not hesitated to make 
the attempt, relying implicitly upon her friendship and assist- 
ance. White Cat, assuming a more serious air, told him it 
was a matter that demanded consideration ; that, fortunately, 
there were some cats in her castle who spun exceeding]br '^^W*^ 
that she would put a ciaw to it herself, and iotwx^^ 



444 THE WHITE CAT. 

as much as possible, so that he might rest contented without 
going further in search of what he would more readily find 
iu her castle than in any other place in the world. 

The hands appeared, bearing flambeaux, and the Rinoe, 
following them with White Cat, entered a magnificent gallery 
running along the side of a large river, on which there was 
an astonishing display of fireworks. Four cats were to be 
burnt there, that had been tried and sentenced in due form. 
They were accused of having eaten the roast meat provided 
for the White Cat's supper, her cheese, her milk, and even 
of having conspired against her life with Martafisix and L'Her- 
mite, two famous rats of that country, and held as sach by 
La Fontaine, a very faithful historian : but with all that, it 1 
was well known there was a great deal of eabal in the matter, 
and that the majority of the witnesses had been tampered 
with. However this might be, the Prince obtained their par- 
don. The fireworks did no injury to any one, and never yet 
were seen such splendid sky-rockets. 

After this, a very nice supper was served, which gave the 
Prince more gratification than the fireworks, for he was very 
hungry, and the wooden horse had brought him at such 
a pace that he had never ridden so hard before in his life. 
The following days were passed like those that had preceded 
them, in a thousand various entertainments with which the 
ingenious White Cat regaled her guest. Our Prince is pro- 
bably the first mortal who ever found so much amusement 
amongst cats, without any other society. 

It is true that White Cat was possessed of agreeable, 
sweet, and almost universal talent. She was wiser than a cat 
is allowed to be. The Prince was sometimes astonished at 
her knowledge. " No," said he, *' it is not natural for you to 
possess all these wonderful qualities I discover in you. If you 
love me, charming Pussy, explain to me by what miracle you 
are enabled to think and speak so perfectly, that you might 
be elected a member of the most famous Academy of .Aits 
and Sciences'?" "Cease to question me, Son of a King," 
said she to him ; " I am not allowed to answer; and thou 
mayest carry thy conjectures as far as thou wilt without my 
contmdicting thee. Let it suffice that I have always a velvet 
paw for thee, and that I take an affectionate interest in all 
that concerns thee." 



THE WHITE CAT. 445 

The second year slipped away as insensibly as the first. 
The Prince could scarcely think of anything that the diligent 
hands did not instantly provide him with, whether books, 
jewels, pictures, antique medals ; in short, he had but to say, 
i want a certain gem that is in the cabinet of the Great 
Mogul or of the King of Persia, or such a statue in Corinth 
or any part of Greece, and he saw it instantly before him, 
without knowing how it came or who brought it. This was 
not without its charms, and as a relaxation, it is sometimes 
very agreeable to see oneself the possessor of the finest trea- 
sures in the world. 

White Cat, who was ever watchful for the Prince's welfare, 
warned him that the hour of departure was approaching, that 
he might make himself easy about the piece of cloth which 
he required, and that she had made a most wonderful one 
for him. She added, that it was her intention, this time, to 
furnish him with an equipage worthy his birth ; and, without 
waiting for his reply, she compelled him to look into the 
great court-yard of the castle. He saw in it an open caleche, 
of gold, enamelled flame-colour, with a thousand gallant 
devices, which satisfied the mind as much as the eye. It was 
drawn by twelve horses as white as snow, four-and-four 
abreast, their harness being of flame-coloured velvet em- 
broidered with diamonds and plated with gold. The caliche 
was hned to match, and a hundred coaches, each with eight 
horses, filled with noblemen of high bearing, very superbly 
attired, followed the caliche. There was also an escort of 
a thousand body-guards, whose uniforms were so covered 
with embroidery that you could not see the stuff they were 
made of It was a remarkable feature of this cavalcade that 
the portrait of White Cat was to be observed in every part 
of it, either in the devices on the caliche or on the uniforms 
of the body-guard, or attached by a riband to the doublets of 
those who formed the train, as if it were a new order with 
which she had decorated them. 

" Go," said she to the Prince, "go and appear at the court 
of the king, thy father, in such sumptuous state, that thy 
magnificence may make an impression upon him and prevent 
his again refusing to bestow on thee the crown thou deservest. 
Here is a walnut. Crack it but in his "^r^^exwife, ^xA *Cvx<s^ 
wilt Bnd in it the piece of cloth thou laa:&\i ^c^'a^ "^aa ^^xT 



446 THE WHITE GAT. 

" Amiable White Cat," said he to her, ^ I protest to you that 
I am so penetrated by your bounties, that, if yon would 0Q&- 
sent, I should prefer passing my life here with you to all the 
grandeur which I have reason to expect elsewhere." ^ Boa of 
a King/' replied she, ^* I am convinced of the kindnees of thy 
heart It is a rare article amongst princes. They would be 
loved by everybody, yet not love any one themselves. Bat 
thou art a proof that the rule has its exception. I give thee 
credit for the affection thou displayest for a little White Cat 
that after all is good for nothing but to catch mioe." The 
Prince kissed her paw and departed. We should have some 
difficulty in believing the speed with which he travelled if we 
were not already aware of the way in which the wooden 
horse had carried him in less than two days a distance of five 
hundred leagues from the castle; so that, impelled by the 
same power, these other steeds travelled so swiftly that thej 
were only four and twenty hours on the road, stopping 
nowhere till they reached the King's palace, to which the two 
elder brothers had already repaired, and, not seeing their 
youngest, congratulated themselves on his negligence, and 
whispered to each other, '< Here s a piece of good luck ! He 
is either dead or very ill. He will not be our rival in the 
important business which is about to be decided." They im- 
mediately displayed their cloths, which were, in truth, so 
fine, that they could pass them through the eye of a large 
needle, but not through that of a small one; and the King, 
very glad of this pretext for refusal, produced the needle he 
had previously selected, and which the magistrates, by his 
order, had brought out of the City Treasury, wherein it had 
been carefully kept in the meanwhile. 

There was much murmuring at this objection. The friends 
of the Princes, and particularly those of the eldest, for his 
cloth was of the finest texture, protested that it was a down- 
right piece of chicanery, in which there was equal ingenuity 
and Normanism.^ The King's parasites contended that he 
was only bound by the conditions he had proposed. At length, 
to settle the matter, a fine flourish was heard of trumpets, kettle- 
drums, and hautbois : it announced the arrival of our Prince 
in all his pomp and paraphernalia. The King and his two other 
sons were all equally astonished at such great magnifioenoe. 



THE WHITE CAT, 447 

After the Prince had respectfully saluted his either and 
embraced his brothers, he took out of a box covered with 
rubies, the walnut, which he cracked, expecting to find in it 
the boasted piece of cloth ; but in lieu of it there was a hazel 
nut. He cracked that also, and was surprised to see in it a 
oherry-stone. Everybody looked at one another, and the King 
laughed in his sleeve, and jeered at the notion of his son being 
credulous enough to believe he could bring a whole piece of 
cloth in a walnut; but why should he not have believed it, 
when he had already given him a little dog that had come 
out of an acorn 1 He therefore cracked the cherry-stone, 
which was fiUed vdth its kernel. A great murmur then arose 
in the apartment. Nothing was heard but the opinion that 
the young Prince had been duped in this adventure. He 
made no answer to the raillery of the courtiers ; he opened 
the kernel and found in it a grain of wheat, and in the grain 
of wheat a millet seed. Ah ! In truth, he began to doubt, and 
muttered between his teeth, "White Cat, White Cat, thou hast 
fooled me!** At that moment he felt a cat's claw upon his 
hand, which gave him such a scratch that the blood came. 
He knew not whether this scratch was given to encourage or 
to dishearten him; nevertheless, he opened the millet seed, 
and great was the astonishment of the whole company when 
he drew out of it a piece of cloth four hundred ells in length, 
so wonderfully wrought, that all the birds, beasts, and fishes 
were seen in their natural colours, with the trees, fruits, and 
plants of the earth ; the rocks, curiosities, and E^ells of the 
ocean; the sun, the moon, the great and lesser stars and 
planets of the sky. There were sdso the portraits of all the 
kings and other sovereigns at that time reigning in the 
world, with those of their wives, of their mistresses, of their 
chil4ren, and of all their subjects, not forgetting the 
tiniest little urchin ; -every one, in his particular class of 
life, accurately represented, and dressed in the habit of his 
country. 

When the King saw this piece of cloth, he became as pale 
aa the Prmce had become red with confusion at having been 
so long finding it. The needle was produced, and the Prince 
passed and repassed the cloth through the eye of it six times. 
The King and the two eldest Princes lookftd on m ^n^J^'scl 
silence, except when the beauty and c\mo8\Vj cA \)ti^ OvNia. 



448 THE WHTTB CAT. 

forced them occasionally to acknowledge there was nothing 
that could be compared to it in the universe. 

The King heaved a deep sigh, and, turning towards lus 
children, " Nothing," said he, " could give me so much con- 
solation in my old age as observing the deference paid by yoa 
to my wishes. I am therefore desirous to put' your obedience 
to a new test. Gro and travel for another year, and he who^ 
at the end of it, brings back with him the most beautifbl 
maiden, shall marry her, and be crowned King on his wedding 
day. It is, besides, necessary that my successor should many, 
and I swear, I pledge my honour, that I will no longer defer 
bestowing the reward I have promised." 

All the injustice of this proceeding feU upon our Prince. 
The little dog and the piece of cloth were worth ten kingdoms 
rather than one, but he was so well bred that he would not 
disjmte the will of his father, and without hesitation he 
reentered his caliche. All his train followed him, and he 
took the road back to his dear White Cat. She luiew the 
day and the moment he would arrive. All the way was 
strewn with flowers; thousands of vases of perfume smoked 
on all sides, and particularly within the castle. White Cat 
was seated on a Persian carpet, under a pavilion of cloth of 
gold, in a gallery, from whence she could see him approach. 
He was received by the hands that had always attended upon 
him. All the cats climbed up into the gutters to welcome 
him with a desperate squalling. 

" So, Son of a King," said \\Tiite Cat to him, *' thou hast 
retm-ned once more without the crown." "Madam," he replied, 
" your boimties placed me in a position to gain it ; but I am 
convinced that it would have given the King more pain to 
part with it than I could have received pleasure from its 
possession." "No matter," said she, "thou must neglect 
nothing to deserve it. I will assist thee in this matter, ^nd 
as thou art bound to take back with thee a beautiful maid to 
thy father's court, I will find one for thee who shall gain thee 
the prize. In the meanwhile let us be merry. I have 
ordered a naval combat between my cats and the terrible rats 
of this country. My cats will perhaps be a little embarrassed, 
for they are afraid of the water; but otherwise they would 
have had too much the advantage, and one ought, as much 
as possible, to equalize msdiei^" The Prince admired the 



THE WHITE CAT. 449 

prudence of Madam Puas. He praised her exceedingly, and 
accompanied her to a terrace vhich overlooked the sea. 

The ships in which the cats were embarked were large 
pieces of cork, on which tliey sailed conveniently enough. 
The rats had joined together several egg-shells, and of these 
tiieir navy consisted. The battle was cruelly obstinate. The 
rats flung themselves into the water, and swam much better 
than the cats, so that they were victors and vanquished alter- 
nately twenty times ; but Minagrobis, admiral of the feline 
fleet, reduced the rattish race to the gi'eatest despair. He 
devoured the general of their forces, an old rat, of great 
experience, who had been round the world three times, in 
capital ships, in which he was neither captain nor common 
saOor, but simply a lickspit. 

White Cat would not permit the utter destruction of all 
these poor unfortunate creatures. She was an acute politician, 
and calculated that if there were no more rats or mice left in 
the country, her subjects would live in a state of idleness, 
which might become highly prejudicial to her. The Prince 
passed this year as he had the two preceding, that is to say, 
in hunting, fishing, or chess, at which White Cat played 
exceedingly well. He could not help occasionally questioning 
her anew as to the miraculous power by which she was 
enabled to speak. He asked her whether she was a Fairy, or 
whether she had been transformed into a Cat ; but as she 
never said anything but what she chose, she also never made 
answers that were not perfectly agreeable to her, and conse- 
quently her replies consisted of a number of little words which 
signified nothing particular, so that he clearly perceived she 
was not inclined to make him a partaker of her secret. 

Nothing runs away faster than time passed without trouble 
or sorrow, and if the Cat had not been careful to remember 
the day when it was necessary the Prince should return to 
Court, it is certain that he would have absolutely forgotten it. 
She informed him on the evening preceding it that it only 
depended on himself to take home with him one of the most 
beautifiil Princesses in the world : that the hour to destroy 
the fatal work of the Fairies had at length arrived, and for 
that purpose he must resolve to cut off her head and her 
tail, and fling them quickly into the fire. " I ! " exclaimed 
the Prince, " Blanchette I  My love I  \ be so \)\.xQVia^as ^si 

6 a 



450 THE WHITE CAT. 

kill you! Ah! you would doubtless try my heart; butiot 
assured it is incapable of forgetting the love and gratitude it 
owes you." " No, Son of a King,** continued she, '' I do not 
suspect tliee of ingratitude. I know thy worth. It ii 
neither thou nor I who in this affair can control our destiny. 
Do as I bid thee. We shall both of us begin to be happy, 
and, on the faith of a Cat of reputation and honour, thouwOt 
acknowledge that I am truly thy friend.** 

The tears came several times into the eyes of the young 
Prince, at the mere thought of being obliged to cut off the 
head of his little kitten, so pretty and so amiabl& He con- 
tinued to say all the most tender things that he could think 
of, in order to induce her to spare him such a trial She per- 
sisted in replying that she desired to die by his hand, and thit 
it was the only means of preventing his brothers* obtaining 
the crown. In a word, she pressed him so earnestly, that aU 
in a tremble he drew his sword, and, with a flEdteiing hand, 
cut off the head and tail of his dearly beloved Cat Tbe 
next moment he beheld the most charming transformation 
that can be imagined. The body of White Cat increased in 
size and changed suddenly into that of a young maiden  one 
that cannot be described ; there has never been any so perfect. 
Hor eyes enraptured all hearts, and her sweetness held them 
captive. Her form was majestic, her carriage noble and 
modest, her spirit gentle, her manners engaging ; in fiict, 
she exceeded everything that was ever most amiable. 

Tlio Prince, at her sight, was so struck with surprise, anJ 
that surprise was so agreeable, that he fancied himself en- 
chanted. He could not speak nor open his eyes wide enough 
to look at her. Tongue-tied, he was unable to express his 
astonishment ; but it was still greater when he saw an extra- 
ordinary number of lords and ladies enter the apartment, 
who, each having his or her cat's skin flung over the 
shoulders, advanced, and threw themselves at the feet of their 
Queen, and testified their delight at beholding her restored to 
lier natural form. She received them with marks of affection 
that sufliciently indicated the goodness of her heart, and 
after passing a short time in the circle, she desired them to 
leave her alone with the Prince, to whom she spoke as follows. 

" Tliink not, my Lord, that I have been always a Cat, nor 
that my birth is an' obscure one in the eyes of men. Mv 



THE WHITE CAT. 461 

ather was king of six kingdoms ; he loved my mother ten- 
=terly, and allowed her full liberty to do whatever she liked. 
^er ruling passion was travelling, and shortly before I was 
lom she undertook a journey to a certain mountain of which 
^e had heard a most surprising accoimt. Whilst on her road 
4iither she was told that near the spot she was then passing 
there was an old Fairy Castle, the most beautiful in the 
world;  at least so it was believed to be, from a tradition con- 
earning it ; for as no one entered it, they could not form an 
opinion ; but they knew for certain that the Fairies had in 
l^eir garden the finest, the most delicious and most delicate 
bruit that was ever eaten. 

" The Queen, my mother, immediately took such a violent 
&ncy to taste it, that she turned her steps towards the Castle. 
She arrived at the gate of that superb edifice, which blazed 
with gold and azure on all sides : but she knocked in vain. 
NTobody appeared to answer her ; it seemed as if everybody 
in the Castle was dead. Her desire was increased by the 
difl&culty. She sent for ladders in order that her attendants 
might get over the garden walls, and they would have suc- 
cseeded in doing so if the said walls had not visibly increased 
in height though no one was seen to work at them. They 
lengthened the ladders by tying two or three together, but 
they broke under the weight of those who mounted them, and 
who either lamed or killed themselves. 

" The Queen was in despair. She saw the great trees laden 
with fruit which looked delicious. She was determined to eat 
some, or die. She therefore had some very splendid tents 
pitched before the Castle, and remained there six weeks with 
all her court. She neither slept nor ate; she sighed un- 
ceasingly, she talked of nothing but the fruit of the inacces- 
sible garden. At length she fell dangerously ill, without any 
one soever being able to find the least remedy for her com- 
plaint, for the inexorable Fairies had never so much as even 
appeared since she had established herself in front of the 
Castle. All her officers afflicted themselves exceedingly. 
Nothing was to be heard but sobs and sighs, while the dying 
Queen kept asking for fruit from her attendants, but cared 
for none except that which was denied her. 

*' One night, having felt a little drowsy, she saw on re-open- 
ing her eyes, a little old woman, ugly and decrepit, ^^^ 

qq2 



462 THE WHITE CAT. 

an arm-ohair at the head of her bed. She was snrpiised tbt 
her women had suffered a stranger to come so near her, whoi 
the old woman said to her, * We think th j majesty ivy 
obstinate in persisting in thy desire to eat of our fruit: bit 
since thy precious life depends upon it^ mj sisteore and I 
consent to give thee as much as thou canst carry away iriA 
thee, as well as what thou mayest eat upon the spot, pro- 
vided thou wilt give us something in exchange.' 'Ah! nj 
good mother,' exclaimed the Queen; 'speak! I will giro 
you my kingdoms, my heart, my soul! I cannot punue 
such fruit at too higii a price.' ' We wish,' said the Faiij, 
'for the daughter that thou art about to bring into the 
world. As soon as she is bom, we will come and fetch 
her: she will be brought up amongst us. There are no 
virtues, no charms, no accomplishments, with which we wOl 
not endow her. In a word, she will be our child; weirill 
make her happy : but observe, that thy majesty will see her 
no more until she be married. If this proposal is agreeable 
to thee, I will cure thee instantly, and lead thee into our 
orchard. Notwithstanding that it is night, thou wilt be able 
to see well enough to pick the fruit thou mayest &ncy. If 
what I have said do not please thee, good night, Queen; I 
am going to bed/ 

"^ Hard as the condition maybe which you impose upon 
me,' replied the Queen, * I will accept it sooner than die, 
for I am satisfied I could not live another day, and my infimt 
would therefore perish with me. Cure me, wise Fairy,' con- 
tinued she, 'and delay not a moment my enjoyment of the 
privilege you have promised to grant me.' 

" The Fairy touched her with a little golden wand, saying. 
* Let thy majesty be free from all the ills that confine thee 
to this bed ! ' It seemed immediately to the Queen as if 
some one were divesting her of a heavy and stiff robe which 
had oppressed her, and that some portions of it clung to her 
still. This was apparently in the places most affected by her 
disorder. She sent for aU her ladies, and told them, with 
a smiling countenance, that she was quite well, that she was 
going to get up, and that at length the gates, so well boltetl 
and barred, of the Fairy Palace, would be opened for her to 
enter and eat the fine fr*uit) and take away with her as much 
SB she liked 



THE WHITE CAT. 455 

? uneasy respecting her promise to the Fairies, as the time ap- 
s. pFoached for her confinement, fell into an alarming melan- 
s oholy. She sighed etemallj, and looked daily worse and 
worse. The King grew anxious; he pressed the Queen to 
is ijeTeal to him the cause of her sadness, and after a great deal 
:: of trouble she informed him of all that had passed between 
I her and the Fairies, and how she had promised to give them 
- the daughter she was about to bring into the world. * What I' 
T sfdd the King, * we have no children, you know how much 
: I desire to have some, and for the sake of eating two or three 
. apples you are capable of having given away your daughter? 
You can have no aflFection for me ! ' Thereupon he over- 
whelmed her with a thousand reproaches, which were almost 
the death of my poor mother; but that did not satisfy him, 
he . had her locked up in a tower, and surrounded it with 
soldiers to prevent her having communication with anybody 
in the world except the officers of her household, and of these 
he changed such as had been with her at the Fairy Castle. 

** The misunderstanding between the King and the Queen 
threw the whole Court into infinite consternation. Everybody 
changed their fine clothes for such as were more suitable to 
the general sorrow. The King, on his part, appeared in- 
exorable. He never saw his wife, and as soon as I was bom 
he had me brought into the palace to be nursed, while she 
remained a most imhappy prisoner. The Fairies knew all that 
took place ; they became irritated, they would have me, they 
looked upon me as their property and my detention as a theft. 
" Before they sought for a vengeance proportionate to their 
vexation, they sent a grand embassy to the King to warn him 
to set the Queen at liberty, to restore her to his favour, and 
to beg him also to deliver me up to their ambassadors in 
order that I might be nursed and brought up by the Fairies. 
The ambassadors were so little and so deformed (for they 
were hideous dwarfs) that they had not the power of per- 
suading the King to comply with their request. He refused 
bluntly, ^nd if they had not taken their departure instantly 
something worse might have happened to them. When the 
Fairies heard of my fether's conduct, they were indignant to 
the greatest degree, and after having desolated his six king- 
doms by the infliction of every ill they could tVim^ <^^ *^^"^ 
let loose a terri&o Dragon, that poisoned tYi^ ace Vt^st^'^^st'^^ 



456 THE WHITE CAT. 

passed, devoured man and child, and kUled all the treeB snd 
plants he breathed on. 

** The King was in the deepest despair. He consulted all the 
wise men in his dominions, as to what he ought to do to pro- 
tect his subjects from the misfortunes with which he saw thn 
overwhelm^. They advised him to seek throu^out the 
world for the best phjsicLins and the most excellent remedin; 
and on the other hand, to offer a free pardon to all male- 
factors under sentence of death who would undertake to fi^ 
the Dragon. The King, approving this advice, acted upon it 
directly; but without success, for the mortality continued, 
and the Dragon devoured all who attacked him : so that st 
last the King had recourse to a Fairy who had been his friend 
from his earliest in&ncy. She was very old, and acaroely 
ever left her bed. He went to see her, and reproached bar 
a thousand times over for permitting Fate to persecute him 
without coming to his assistanca ' What would you hsTe 
me do 1 ' said she. * You have irritated my sisters. They an 
as powerful as I am, and we rarely act against one another. 
Try to appease them by giving up your daughter to them. 
The little Princess belongs to them of right Tou have pot 
the Queen into prison. What has that amiable woman done 
to you that you should treat her so severely ? Make up your 
mind to redeem her pledge to the Fairies ; I assure you, tou 
will be greatly rewarded for it.' 

"The King my father loved me dearly; but seeing no other 
mode of saving his kingdoms and delivering himself from 
the fatal Dragon, he told his friend he would take her advice; 
that he was willing to give me up to the Fairies, as she had 
assured him that I should be cherished and treated as a 
princess of my rank ought to be ; that he would also take the 
Queen back to Court, and that she had only to name the 
person to whom he should confide the task of carrying me to 
the Fairy Castle. ' You must take her,' she said, ' in her cradle, 
to the top of the Mountain of Flowers. You may even re- 
main in its vicinity, if you please, to witness the ente^:tainment 
that will take place there.' The King told her that in the 
course of a week he would proceed thither with the Queen, 
and begged she would give notice to her sister Fairies of his 
intention, that they might make whatever arrangements they 
considered neoesaary. 



THE WHITE CAT. 457 

'^ As soon as he returned to the palace he sent for the Queen, 
and received her with as much affection and distinction as he 
had exhibited haste and anger in her imprisonment. She was 
m> wasted and depressed that he would scarcely have recognised 
faer^ bad not his heart assured him jshe was the same person 
he had 'formerly loved so tenderly. He implored her, with 
tears in his eyes, to forget the misery he had caused her, 
ftSBuring her it was the last she should ever experience on his 
account. She replied that she had brought it upon herself 
by her imprudence in promising her daughter to the Fairies, 
and if anything could plead in her favour it was only the 
condition to which she was reduced. The King then informed 
her that he had determined to place me in the hands of the 
Fairies. The Queen, in her turn, opposed this intention. It 
seemed as if some fatality attended the affair, and that I was 
doomed to be always a subject of dissension between my father 
and moilier. After she had groaned and wept for a consider- 
able time without obtaining her object, (for the King saw too 
clearly tbe fatal consequences of hesitating, and our subjects 
continued to perish as if they were answerable for the faults 
of our family,) she consented to all he desired, and every pre- 
paration was made for the ceremony. 

" I was placed in a cradle of mother-of-pearl, ornamented 
with everything art could imagine that was most elegant. It 
was hung round with garlands and festoons of flowers, com- 
posed of jewels, the different colours of which reflected the 
rays of the sun with such dazzling splendour, that you could 
scarcely look at them. The magnificence of my clothing sur- 
passed, if it could be possible, that of the cradle. All the bands 
of my swaddling clothes were formed of large pearls. Four- 
and-twenty princesses of the blood-royal carried me on a sort 
of very light litter. Their dresses were all different, but they 
were not allowed to wear any colour but white, in token of 
my innocence. All the Court accompanied me according to 
the order of precedence. 

'^ While we were ascending the mountain a melodious sym- 
phony was heard more and more distinctly. At length the 
Fairies appeared to the number of thirty-six. They had in- 
vited their friends to accompany them. Each was seated in 
a pearly shell, larger than that in which Venus q:eq8j^ wiX. <2Jl 
the ocean. Sea-horses, that seemed xathec f)b^Vwc^ m ^^\.Nil\s^ 



458 THE WHITE CAT. 

over the gjound, drew these pearly cars, the ooenpaiits mon 
bumptuoiui in appearance than the greatest queens in the 
universe, but at the same time excessiyelj old and ugly. Thej 
carried olive branches, to signify to the King that his sabmii- 
sion had found favour with them ; and when I was preaentei 
to them, their caresses were so extraordinaiy, that it seemed 
as if they had no object in living, except to make me happj. 
The Dragon they had made the instrument of their vengeance 
on my father followed them in chains of diamondsL Tbev 
took me in their arms, kissed me a thousand times^ endowed 
me with various qualifications, and then b^an to dance the 
Fairy Brawl. ^ It is a very lively dance, and you wooM 
scarcely believe how well these old ladies jumped and capered. 
After this, the Dragon that had devoured so many peqde 
ci-awlcd forward. The three Fairies to whom my mother hul 
promised me seated themselves on it, placed my cradle be- 
tween them, and striking the Dragon with a wand, it imme- 
diately spread its great scaly wings, finer than gauze, and 
glittering with all sorts of extraordinary colours, and in this 
way they returned to their castle. My mother, on seeii^ me 
in the air, upon this terrible Dragon, could not help scream- 
ing loudly. The King consoled her with the assurance his 
friend the old Fairy had given him, that no accident would 
happen to me, and that I should be taken as much care of as 
if I had remained in his own palace. She was pacified by 
this a.ssurance, though she felt much distressed at the idea of 
being separated from me for so long a time, and having only 
herself to blame for it; for if she had not insisted on eating 
the fruit of that garden, I should have been brought up in 
my father 8 dominions, and never have sufiered the misfortunes 
which I have still to relate to you. 

" Know then, Son of a King, that my guardians had built a 
tower, expressly for my habitation, in which there were a 
thousand beautiful apartments suitable for each season of the 
year, magnificent furniture, and amusing books ; but without 
a door, so that it could only be entered by the windows, which 
were placed prodigiously high. On the top of the tower was 
a beautiful garden, ornamented with flowers, fountains, and 

(1) In French branle. The brawl was the dance wi:h which ha!ls were generally 
opened. The company took hands in a circle, and gave each other continual shakes, 
we steps changing witli t\ie time. 



THE WHITE CAT. 459 

Q arbours, where you might be cool in the hottest of the 
days. In this place I was brought up by the Fairies with 
ce even beyond all they had promised the Queen. My 
3es were made in the highest fashion, and so magnificent 
any one to see me would have thought it was my wed- 
day. I was taught everything befitting my age and my 
:. I did not give them much trouble, for there were few 
gs I did not learn with the greatest ease. My docility 
very agreeable to them, and as I had never seen any 
r persons, I might have lived there in perfect tranquillity 
he rest of my life. 

They always came to see me, mounted on the terrible 
jon I have already spoken of. They never talked to me 
it the King or the Queen. They called me theii* daughter, 
I believed myself to be so. Nobody lived with me in 
tower, but a parrot and a little dog, which they had given 
JO amuse me ; for the creatures were endowed with reason, 
spoke admirably. 

On one side of the tower was a hollow way, full of deep 
and trees which choked up the road, so that I had not 
any one pass by since I had been shut up there. But 
day that I was at the window, talking with my parrot 
QXJ dog, I heard a noise; I looked all about, and perceived 
img cavalier who had stopped to listen to our conversa- 
I had never seen a young man before but in a painting. 
IS not sorry that an unlooked-for accident had afforded 
his opportunity; so that, not dreaming of the danger that 
ids the gratification of contemplating a charming object, 
ne forward to gaze upon him, and the more I looked at 
the more was I delighted. He made me a profoimd bow, 
i his eyes on me, and appeared greatly embarrassed to find 
3 way of conversing with me, for my window was very 
, and he feared being overheard, for he knew well enough 
I was in the Fairies' Castle. 

The night came suddenly upon us, or, to speak more cor- 

y, it came without our perceiving it; he blew his horn 

' 'ce, and entertained me with a few flourishes upon 

:"k hivS departure without my being able to 

.-. ;iy he went  so dark was the night. I re- 

-litfiil; I no longer felt the same plep*" 

piwnA and my dog that 1 la.ad\)eiif 



VOk 



460 THE WHITE CAT. 

do. They said the prettiest things in the world to me, fa 1 1^ 
fairy creatures are very witty; but my mind was preoccnpa^ t ^ 
and I was too artless to conceal it. Perroquet remaikedit 
He was a shrewd bird; he betrayed no sign of vhai m 
running in his head. 

*< I did not fail being up as soon as it was light. I xanto 
my window, and was most agreeably suixHrised to peroeiTe tfae 
young knight at the foot of the tower. He was niagmfioen% 
attired I flattered myself it was partly on my acoonnt^ and 
I was not mistaken. He addressed me through a ead d 
speaking trumpet, by the aid of which he informed me^ tint 
having been up to that time insensible to the charms of aU 
the beauties he had seen, he suddenly felt himself so stron|^ 
smitten by mine, that he could not imagine it was poflsUe 
for him to live without seeing me eveiy day of his life 
I was mightily pleased with this compliment, and very modi 
vexed that I did not dare reply to it, for I should have been 
compelled to bawl with aU my might, and still run the xisk 
of being better heard by the Fairies than by him. I tiueT 
him some flowers I had in my hand, which he received as a 
signal fisivour, kissing them several times, and tha^nlring met 
He then asked me if I should approve of his coming eveiy 
day at the same hour under my windows, and if so, to throw 
him something else. I had a turquoise ring on my finger, 
which I pulled ofif instantly, and flung to him in all haste, 
making signs to him to decamp as quickly as possible, for I 
heard on the other side of the tower the Fairy Violent^ who 
was mounting her Dragon to bring me my breakfast. 

" The first words she uttered on entering my apartment were, 
'I smell the voice of a man here. Search, Dragon!' Oh, 
what a state was I in ! I was sinking with fear that tlie mon- 
ster would fly out at the opposite window, and follow the 
cavalier, for whom I already felt deeply interested. ' Indeed, 
my good Mamma/ said I, (for the old Fairy would have me 
call her so,) ' you are jesting, surely, when you say you smell 
the voice of a man. Is it possible to smell a voice ? And if 
so, what mortal would be rash enough to venture climbing 
this tower?' * What you say is true, daughter,' replied she j 
*I am delighted to hear you aigue so nicely, and I fiincy 
it is the hatred I have of all men that makes me sometimes 
imagine they are near ma.' SV^ ^^^ \aa my breakfast and 



THE WHITE CAT. 461 

my spindle. 'When you have breakfasted do not forget 
to spin/ said she, *for you did nothing yesterday, and my 
inurters will be angry with you.' In &ct, I had been so oc- 
cupied with the stranger that I had found it quite impossible 
to spin. 

*' As soon as the Fairy was gone, I flung away my spindle 
^th a little rebellious air, and ascended the terrace to look 
cyot as &r as I could. I had an excellent telescope; there 
WBa nothing to interrupt the view. I looked in every direc- 
tion, and discovered my cavalier on the summit of a moun- 
tain. He was reposing beneath a rich pavilion of cloth of 
gold, and surroimded by a very numerous Court. I felt 
aotisfied he was the son of some king who reigned in the 
Ticinity of the Fairies' Palace. As I feared that if he returned 
to the tower he would be discovered by the terrible Dragon, 
I went and fetched my parrot, and told him to fly to that 
mountain, where he would find the person who had spoken to 
me, and beg him in my name never to come again, as I was 
alarmed at the vigilance of my guardians, and the probability 
of their doing him some mischief. Perroquet executed his 
commission like a parrot of sense. The courtiers were all 
surprised to see him come flying at full speed, perch upon 
their master's shoulder and whisper in his ear. The King (for 
such he proved to be) was both delighted and troubled by this 
message. My anxiety on his account was flattering to his heart ; 
but the many difficulties there were in the way of his speaking 
with me, distressed without being able to dissuade him from 
the attempt to make himself agreeable to me. He asked Per- 
roquet a hundred questions, and Perroquiet asked him as many 
in return, for he was naturally inquisitive. The King gave 
him a ring to bring me in return for my turquoise. It was a 
turquoise also ; but much finer than mine, and cut in the shape 
of a heart, and surrounded with diamonds. ' It is fit,' said 
he to the parrot, ' that I should treat you as an ambassador. 
I therefore present you with my portrait. Show it to no 
one but your charming mistress.' He tied the miniature 
under the bird's wing, who brought the ring to me in his 
beak. 

" I awaited the return of my little green courier with an 
impatience I had never known before. He told me that t\jia 
-personnge to whom I had sent him was a ^eaX>5!ai%\ *Cw8&.V^ 



462 THE WUTTE CAT. 

had been most kindly received by him, and that I mi^t lak 
assured he only lived for my sake ; that, notwithsUnding 
there was much danger in coming to the foot of the toio; 
he was resolved to brave everything sooner than renoimoe tbB 
pleasure of seeing me. These tidings perplexed me aadl}, 
and I began to weep. Perroquet and my little dog Tontoa 
did their best to console me, for they loved me tenderly; and 
then Perroquet gave me the King's ring, and showed me )a 
portrait I confess I had never been so delighted as I vu 
by being thus enabled to contemplate closely the image of 
him I had only seen at a distance. He appeared to me much 
more charming than I had supposed A hundred ideas mriied 
into my mind, some agreeable, some distressing, and gave m 
expression of great anxiety to my features. The Fairies who 
came to see me perceived it They observed to each oth^ 
that I was no doubt tired of my dull life, and that it vn 
time for them to find a husband for me of Fairy race. They 
named several, and fixed at last upon little King Migonnet, 
whose kingdom was about five hundred leagues off; but that 
was a trifle. Perroquet overheard this fine councU. He 
flew to give me an account of it, and said to me, ' Ah, how 
I pity you, my dear mistress, if you should become the Queen 
of Migonnet ! He is a monkey that would frighten you I I 
am sorry to say so ; but in truth, the King who loves you 
would not condescend to have him for his footman 1 ' ' Have 
you seen him, Perroquet?' *I believe so, indeed!' continued 
the bird ; * I was brought up on the same branch with him.' 
* How I on a branch ! ' I exclaimed. * Yes,' said he, * he has 
feet like an eagle.' 

"Such an account as this afflicted me extremely. I gazed 
on the charming portrait of the young King. I felt sure he 
had only bestowed it on Perroquet to give me the opportunity 
of seeing it, and when I compared it with the description of 
Migonnet, I felt I had nothing more to hope for in life, and 
I resolved to die rather than marry the latter. 

" I had no sleep all night Perroquet and Toutou talked 
matters over with me. I dozed a little towards daybreak, 
and as my dog had a good nose he smelt that the King 
was at the foot of the tower. He woke Perroquet ; ' 1 will 
lay a wager,' said he, ' theiting is below.' Perroquet re- 
plied, ' Hold thy peace, babbler j because thine own eyes and 



THE WHITE CAT. 463 

are almost always open, thou enviest the repose of others.' 
^But bet something, then,' insisted the good Toutou ; * I am 
mre he is there.' * And I am sure he is not there,' replied 
Perroquet. * Have I not forbidden him to come here in my 
cnistress's name?' *Ohl truly thou art amusing, with thy 
forbiddings,' exclaimed my dog; 'a man in love consults 
only his heart;' and therewith he began to pull Perroquet by 
i^e wings so roughly that he made him angry. The noise 
they both made woke me ; they acquainted me with the cause 
of it. I ran, or rather flew, to my window. I saw the King, 
who extended his arms towards me, and said through his 
trumpet that he could no longer live without me; that he 
implored me to find means to escape from my tower, or to 
enable him to enter it. That he called all the gods and 
all the elements to witness that he would marry me imme- 
diately, and that I should be one of the greatest queens in 
the world. 

*'I ordered Perroquet to go and tell him that what he 
desired appeared to me an impossibility; but, nevertheless, 
relying on the word he had p^,dged to me, and the oath he 
had taken, I would endeavour to accomplish his wishes. That 
I conjured him not to come every day, as he might at length 
be observed, and that the Fairies would have no mercy upon 
him. 

" He retired full of joy at the hope I had flattered him with, 
and I found myself in the greatest embarrassment when I 
began to reflect on the promise I had made to him. How 
was I to escape from that tower in which there were no 
doors ] And to have no one to help me but Perroquet and 
Toutou ! I, so young, so inexperienced, so timid ! I resolved 
therefore not to make an attempt I could never succeed in, 
and I sent word to that effect by Perroquet to the King. He 
was at first about to kill himself before the bird's eyes ; but 
at length he charged him to persuade me either to come and 
v^ritness his death or to bring him some comfort. 'Sire,' 
exclaimed my feathered ambassador, 'my mistress is suffi- 
ciently willing : she only lacks the power.' 

" When the bird repeated to me all that had passed, I felt 
more wretched than ever. The Fairy Violente came to see 
me. She found me with my eyes red and swollen*, \sa 
observed that I had been crying, and said, tlasA. >M:^tge^\ ^.^^ 



464 THE WHirS CAT. 

her the cause she would hum me aliye: her threats ven 
always terrible. I repUed, trembling, that I was tired of 
spimiing, and that I wanted to make some little nets to cstdi 
the young birds in that came and pecked the firoit in mj 
garden. ' Thou shalt cry no longer for that, dau^ter/ aid 
she, ' I will bring thee as much twine as thou needest ;' and in 
truth I received it that very evening; but she adviaed me to 
think less of working than of attending to my penonal 
appearance, as King Migonnet was shortly expected. I shud- 
dered at those &tal tidings, and made no reply. 

'' As soon as she was gone, I began to make two or three 
pieces of net; but my object was to construct a rope ladder, 
which I succeeded in doing very well, though I had never 
seen one. The Fairy, in &ct, (Ud not furnish me with as 
much twine as I wanted, and continually said to me, ' Whj 
daughter, thy work is like that of Penelope ; it never pro- 
gresses, and yet thou art still asking for more material' 
' Oh, my good Mamma,' I replied, * it is easy for you to 
talk. Don't you see that I am very awkward at my work, 
and bum a great deal of it. Are you afraid I shall ruin you 
in packthr^r My air of simplicity amused her, though 
she was a very ill-tempered and cruel creature. 

" I sent PeiToquet to tell the King to come on a certain 
evening under the window of the tower, where he would find 
the ladder, and that he would learn the rest when he arrived. 
In fact, I fastened it as securely as possible, being determined 
to make my escape with him; but the moment he saw it, 
without waiting for me to descend, he mounted it eagerly, and 
jumped into my apartment just as I was preparing everything 
for my flight, 

" The sight of him delighted me so much that I forgot the 
peril in which we were placed. He renewed all his vow s, and 
implored me not to delay becoming his wife. We took Per- 
roquet and Toutou as witnesses of our marriage. Never was 
a wedding between two persons of such exalted rank cele- 
brated with less publicity or noise, and never were two hearts 
so perfectly happy as ours. 

"Day had not dawned when the King left me. I had related 
to him the dreadful intention of the Fairies to marry me to 
little Migonnet. I described to him his person, which horri- 
fied him as much as it had me. The hours seemed long years 




i ^ 



J -f 

.i i I 

 ) 



I 



\ 



THE WHITE CAT. 466 

to me after the King's departure. I ran to the window, and 
followed him with my eyes, notwithstanding the darkness; 
but what was my astonishment at seeing in the air a fiery 
chariot drawn b^ winged damanders, Ihose flight was Z 
rapid the eye could scarcely follow them. The chariot was 
escorted by several soldiers mounted on ostriches. I had not 
time enough to distinguish who the ugly creature was thus 
posting through the sky ; but I readily imagined that it must 
be either a fairy or an enchanter. 

" Shortly afterwards, the Fairy Violent entered my apart- 
ment. ' I bring thee good news,' said she to me. * Thy 
lover has arrived within these few hours ; prepare to receive 
him. Here are dresses and jewels for thee!' 'And who 
has told you,' I exclaimed, * that I desire to be married? It 
is very far from my intention. Send King Migonnet away 
again, I will not add a pin to my dress; let him think me 
handsome or ugly, I am not going to be his.' ' Hey day ! 
Hey day!' rejoined the Fairy, * Here's a little rebel! Here's 
a head without any brains in it ! I am not to be trifled with, 
and I warn thee  ' 'What will you do to me,' cried I, 
reddening at the names she had called me ; ' can I be more 
miserably situated than I am already in this tower, with only 
a dog and a parrot, and seeing several times a day the horrible 
form of a dreadful Dragon ! ' * Hah, thou ungrateful little 
wretch,' said the Fairy, * dost thou deserve so much care and 
pains as we have taken with thee? I have too often told my 
sisters we should reap a sorry reward for it.' She departed 
to seek them ; she related to them our quarrel ; they were 
as much surprised at it as she was. 

" Perroquet and Toutou remonstrated with me, and assured 
me, that if I continued refractory, they foresaw that I should 
suffer some terrible misfortunes. I felt so proud of possessing 
the heart of a great king, that I despised the Fairies and the 
advice of my poor little companions. I did not dress myself, 
and I took pleasure in combing my hair the wrong way, in 
order that Migonnet might think me ugly. Our interview 
took place on the terrace. He came in his fiery chariot 
Never since dwarfs have existed has there been seen one so 
diminutive. He walked upon his eagle's feet and on his 
knees at the same time, for he had no bones in his legs, so 
that he was obliged to support himself on a pair of diamond 

H H 



THE WHITE CAT. 467 

3^ ^^8 of the horrible monster, hoping he would swallow me, 

^^ he had already swallowed all I loved in the world. He was 

^c^nally willing to do so ; but the Fairies, still more cruel than 

'^tk Dragon, woidd not permit it. * She must be reserved, 

^^ey cried, * for more protracted agony; a speedy death is too 

"^^culd a punishment for this imworthy creature ! * ' They 

"touched me, and I immediately foimd myself assume the 

"^onn of a White Cat. They conducted me to this superb 

t>alace, which belonged to my father.^ They transformed all 

t.he lords and ladies of the kingdom into cats, left only the 

hands visible of the rest of his court, and reduced me to the 

deplorable condition in which you found me, after informing 

me of toy birth, the death of my father and mother, and that 

I could only be released from my cat-like form by a prince, 

\7ho should perfectly resemble the husband they had deprived 

me o It is you, my Lord, who bear that resemblance," 

continued she ; *' you have the same features, the same air, 

the same voice. I was struck by it the moment I saw you. 

I was aware of all that has happened, and I am equally so of 

all that will happen. My troubles are about to end." " And 

mine, lovely Queen," said the Prince, flinging himself at her 

feet; ''how long are they to last?" "I already love you 

more than my life, my Lord," said the Queen; "you must 

return to your father; we will ascertain his Bentiments 

respecting me, and whether he will consent to what you 

desire.'* 

She went out of the castle, the Prince gave her his hand ; 
she got into a chariot with him. It was much more mag- 
nificent than those she had previously provided for him. The 
rest of the equipage corresponded with it to such an extent, 
that the horses were all shod with emeralds, the nails being 
diamonds; such a thing has perhaps never been seen except 
on that occasion. I shall not repeat the agreeable conversa- 
tion that took place between the Queen and the Prince on 
their journey. If her beauty was matchless, her mind was no 
less so, and the young Prince was equally perfect, so that 
they interchanged all sorts of charming ideas. 

When they reached the neighbourhood of the castle, in 
which the liince was to meet his two elder brothers, the 

(1) This is a singular oversight. The White Cat has -ptN\o\vk\7 \A\dL\)cvft ^i\xi&<^ 
that the castle fbejr are in is identicaJ with the Fury CaatVe. See 'B^^ ^^^ 

HH 2 



468 THE WHITE CAT. 

Queen entered a little rock of crystal, the p<Hiit8 of iriudk 
were ornamented with gold and rubies. It was Gomplcidlf 
surrounded by curtains, in order that no one HhcHikJ wn i, 
and carried by some very handsome young men sujpabif 
attired. The Prince remained in the chariot He pmened 
his brothers walking with two Princesses, who were exeeed 
ingly beautiful As soon as they recognised him, ihej ad- 
yanced to receive him, and inquired, if he had brought a Uf 
with him. He replied, that he had been so iinfortimats 
throughout his journey as to have met with none but very n^ 
ones, and that the only rarity he had brought back irakh 
him was a little white cat They began to laugh at his sim* 
plicity. "A cat!" they exclaimed; "are you afinad the 
mice will eat up our palace T' The Prince admitted that be 
had been rather unwise in selecting such a present for hie 
iiither; and thereupon they each took their road to the 
city. 

The elder Princes rode with their Princesses in open car* 
riages, all of gold and azure. Their horses' heads were adorned 
with plumes of feathers and aigrettes. Nothing could be 
more brilliant than this cavalcade. Our young Prince fol- 
lowed them, and behind him came the crystal rock, which 
everybody gazed at with wonder. 

The courtiers hastened to inform the King, that the three 
Vrinces wore coming. " Do they bring with them beautiful 
ladiosT' asked the King. "It is impossible to find any that 
('ouUl 8ur]>ass them/Vas the answer, which appeared to dis- 
])loaso him. The two Princes eagerly ascended the palace- 
st ail's with their wonderful Princesses, The King received 
thoni graciously, and could not decide which deserved the 
prizo. lie looked at his youngest son, and said to him, 
** Ihwo you returned alone this time?" "Your majesty 
will poreeivo in this rock a little white cat," replied the 
Vrinoo, ** that mess's so sweetly, and has such velvet paws, 
you will bo delighted with it."" The King smiled, and went 
to open the nx*k himself: but as soon as he approached it, 
tho CJuixni. by means of a spring, made it fly in pieces, and 
appmivil like the sim after it had been some time hidden in 
tho clouds. Her ft\ir hair fell in loose ringlets over her 
^unildors dowu to hor verv feet ; she was crowned with 
flowors; her gown \^-iUs of thin white srauze lined with rose- 



THE WHITE CAT. 469 

coloured taffety. She rose, and made a profound curtsy to 
the King, who could not resist exclaiming in the excess of 
his admiration, " Behold the incomparable beauty who 
deserves the crown I" 

*^ My Liege," said she to him, " I come not to deprive you 
of a throne you fill so worthily. I was bom the heiress to 
six kingdoms; permit me to offer one to you, and to give 
one to each of your eldest sons. I ask of you no other re- 
compense than your friendship and this yoimg Prince for my 
husbeind. Three kingdoms will be quite enough for us." 
The King and all the court joined in shouts of joy and asto- 
nishment The marriage was celebrated immediately, as well 
as those of the other two Princes, and the coiut consequently 
passed several months in entertainments and pleasures of 
every description. Finally, each couple departed to reign 
over their own dominions. The beautiful White Cat immor- 
talized herself in her's, as much by her goodness, and liberality, 
as by her rare talent and beauty. 

The youthftil Prince was fortunate to find 

Beneath a cat's skin an illustrious fair, 

Worthy of adoration, and inclined 

The throne, her fUendship won for him, to share. < 

By two enchanting eyes, on conquest hent. 
The willing heart is easily subdued ; 
And still more power to the chann is lent, 
When Love's soft flame is fann'd by gratitude. 

Shdll I in silence pass that parent o'er, 
Who for her folly paid so dear a price ; 
And for some tempting fruit as Eve before  
The welfare of her race could sacrifice 1 

Mothers, beware ! nor like that selfish Queen, 
Venture to cloud a lovely daughter's lot 
To gratify some appetite as mean. 
Detest such conduct : imitate it not. 



BELLE-BELLE ; 



OB, 



THE CHEVALIER FORTUNfi. 



Once upon a time^ there was a very good, very mild, and 
very powerful King; but the Emperor Matapa, his nei^ 
hour, was still more powerful than he. They had waged 
great wars with one another. The Emperor had gained ik 
considerable battle in the last war; and after killing or taking 
prisoners the greater portion of the King*s officers and soldiersi 
he besieged his capital city, and took it thereby, making him- 
self master of all the treasures in it The King had scarcely 
time to save himself with the Dowager Queen, his sister. 
This Princess became a widow at a very early age ; she was 
clever and beautiful; it is true she was proud, violent, and 
difficult of access. 

The Emperor transported all the jewels and furniture 
belonging to the King to his own palace; he carried away 
an extraordinary number of soldiers, women, horses, and 
everything else that would be useful or agreeable to him: 
after he had depopulated the greater part of the kingdom, he 
returned triumphant to his own,  ^where he was received by 
the Empress and the Princess, his daughter, with a thousand 
demonstrations of joy. In the meantime, the defeated King 
^s not inclined to sit down patiently under his misfortunes. 
He called round him a few troops, and formed by degrees 
f ^^ army, to increase which as quickly as possible, he 
jw^ a proclamation, requiring all the gentlemen of his 
*"Offaom to come and serve in person, or to send one of their 
""^ mounted and armed, and disposed to second all his 



III 
I! 



; OR, THE CHUVAlIEa POETDKt 171 

I the frontier an old nobleman, eight; yean 
ptd prudent man, but 80 iU-ueed hy fortune, 
jl poBsesaed muob wealth, he found himself 
Ito poverty, which he would have endured 
knot beeu shared with him by three beautiflil 
Bt were so eenaible, that they never mur- 
EnusfortuneB; and if by ohanoe they spoke of 
mtber, it waa more to coiuole him than to add 

nith him free from ambition nnder a ruetio 

e King's proolamation reaohed the ears of the 

piled his daughteiB to him, and looking at them 

Aid, " What cEui we do 1 The Sing orders all 

shed people of his kingdom to join him, to fight 

Emperor, or coudemne them to a very heavy fine, 

io HO. I am not in a poeition to pay the Ua, and 

n a terrible dilemma ; between death and ruin I ** 

laughters were as mudi diBtressed as himself bnt 

w xtei him to have a little couiage, as they fblt per- 

f ny should find some remedy for his afBiotion. 

xt morning, the eldest daughter went to seek her 

to w>i3 walking sorrowiuUy in an orchard, which he 

CO himselfl " Sire," said me, " I am come to entreat 

' , ^rmit me to set oat for the army. I am of a good 

. .nd strong enough; I will drees myself in male attire, 

' for your son ; il I do not perform any heroio aotious, 

^t least save yon the journey, or the tax, and that in 

deal in our situation." The Count emlnaoed her 

oately, and at first oliijeoted to so extraordinary a pro- 

j, but she told bim eo decidedly that she could see 

er resource, that he at last consented. 

re was nothing to be done now, but to provide clothes 

le to the personage she was to represent Her iather 

>hed her with anus, and gave her the best out of four 

3 horses he used to plough with. The adieus and regrets 

affecting on each side. After travelling some days, she 

ii through a meadow, bordered by a quickset hedge. 

saw a shepherdess in great trouble, who waa endeavouring 

Irag one of her sheep out of a ditch, into which it had 

<a. " What are you about there, good shepherdessl" said 

" Alas r replied the shepherdeea, " I am tr^vn^Xw 



472 BELLE-BELLE; OB^ 

my sheep, which is nearly drowned, and I am so weak tkt 
I have not the strength to drag it out." *^ I am sony fit 
you," said she, and without offering her any assistance rod( 
off. The shepherdess ' immediately cried out  ** Good-bjf^ 
disguised beauty !" The surprise of our lovely heroiiie is not 
to be expressed. '' How ! is it possible," said she, '' that I could 
be so easily detected 1 This old shepherdess scarcely saw me 
for a moment, and she knows that I am disguised ! Whither 
am I about to go, theal I shall be foimd out by eveiybod^, 
and if by the King, what will be my shame, and his anger ) 
 He will think my &ther is a coward, who shrinks frmn 
danger." After much reflection, she determined that ahe 
woidd return home. 

The Count and his daughters were talking of her, and eocmt- 
ing the days of her absence, when they saw her enter. She 
related to them her adventure. The good man told her that 
he had warned her of it, and that if she had believed him, she 
would never have set out, because it was impossible not to 
discover a girl in man's clothes. All this little fiunily was 
thrown into fresh embarrassment, not knowing what to do, 
when the second daughter, in her turn, came to seek the 
Count. " My sister," said she, " had never been on horse- 
back, it is not surprising that she was discovered; with 
respect to myself, if you wUl permit me to go in her place, 
I dare promise that you will be satisfied with me." 

All the old man could say in opposition to her intention 
had no effect upon her; he was forced to consent to her 
going; she put on another dress, took other arms, and an- 
other horse. Thus equipped, she embraced her &ther and 
sisters a thousand times, resolving to serve the King bravely: 
but in passing through the same meadow, where her sister 
had seen the shepherdess and her sheep, she perceived it at 
the bottom of the ditch, and the shepherdess occupied in 
getting it out 

" Unfortunate creature that I am," cried the old woman, 
** half my flock perish in this manner; if any one would but 
help me, I could save this animal, but everybody flies from 
me." " How is it, shepherdess, that you take so little care 
of your sheep, that you let them fall into the water 1" said 
the fair cavalier, and without giving her any other consolation, 
)ie spurred her horse, and lode on. The old woman called 



THE CHEVALIER rOR'nJN& 478 

out after her with all her might, " Good-bye, disguised 
beauty!" These few words distressed our Amazon very much. 
" What a fatality,'* said she, " that I also should be recog- 
nised! What happened to my sister has occurred to me. 
I am not more fortunate than she was ; and it would be ridi- 
culous for me to join the army with so effeminate an appear- 
ance that everybody wiU know what I am !" She immediately 
returned to her father's house, much vexed at having made so 
unsuccessful a journey. 

Her fether received her affectionately, and praised her for 
haying had the prudence to return ; but that did not prevent 
the renewal of his grief, with the additional reason, that he 
had already been put to the expense of two useless suits of 
clothes, and several other things. The good old man, however, 
kept his sorrow to himself, that he might not add to that of 
his daughters. 

At last the youngest girl begged him in the most urgent 
manner to grant her the same favour he had to her sisters. 
" Perhaps," said she, " it is presumption in me to hope I shall 
succeed better than they have ; but notwithstanding I should 
like to try. I am taller than they are ; you know that I go 
every day hunting; this exercise qualifies one in some degree 
for war ; and the great desire I feel to relieve you in your 
distress inspires me with extraordinary courage." The Count 
loved her much better than he did either of her sisters ; she 
was so attentive to him that he looked upon her as his chief 
consolation. She read interesting stories to amuse him, 
nursed him in his illness, and all the game she killed was 
for him ; so that he did all he could to change her determina- 
tion, and much more so than he had done with her sisters. 
"Would you leave me, my dear child?" said he. "Your 
absence wiU be the death of me: if fortune should really 
favour you, and you should return cov&red with laurels, I 
shall not have the pleasure of witnessing them ; my advanced 
age, and your absence, will terminate my existence." " No, 
my dear fether," said Belle-belle, (it was thus she was named ;) 
" do not think I shall be long away : the war will soon be 
over; and if I find any other means of fulfilling the King's 
orders, I shall not neglect them, for I venture to assert, if 
my absence distress you, it will be still more distressing to 
n^e." He at last consented to her requests ^\i<feTasx.^<5k\iaT%?^ 



474 BELLE-BELLE; QB, 

ft very plain soit of olothes, for those of her sisters cost ao 
muoh| and the poor old Count's finances oould not allow of 
much more expense; she was compdled also to take a very 
bad horse, because her two sisters had nearly crippled the 
two others; but all this did not discourage her. She em- 
braced her &ther; respectfully received his blessing; and 
mingling her tears with his, and those of her sisters^ she 
departed. 

In passing through the meadow I have already mentioned, 
she found the old i^epherdesa^ who had not yet reoovered her 
sheep, or was trying to pull another out of the middle of 
a deep ditch. ^What are you doing there, shepherdess f" 
said Belle-belle, stopping. " I cannot do anything more, my 
Lord," replied the ^epherdess. *' Ever since daylight I hafs 
been trying to save this sheep; my- labour has been in vain: 
I am so weary, I can scarcely breathe; there is hardly a day 
that some new misfortune does not happen to me, and I find 
no one to assist me." 

" I am truly sorry for you," said Belle-belle ; " and to proye 
that I pity you, I will help you." She dismounted instantly 
from her horse, which was so quiet, that she did not take the 
trouble to fststen it to anything to prevent its running away; 
and jumping over the hedge, after receiving a few scratches, 
she plunged into the ditch, and worked so well, that she suc- 
ceeded in recovering the fevourite sheep. " Do not cry any 
more, my good mother," said she to the shepherdess : "there is 
your sheep ; and considering the long time it has been in the 
water, I think it is very Uvely." 

"You have not obliged an ungrateful person," said the 
shepherdess. " I know you, charming Belle-belle. I know 
where you are going, and all your intentions. Your sisters 
have passed through this meadow. I knew them also, and 
I was not ignomnt of what was passing in their minds; but 
they appeared so heartless, and their conduct to me was so 
ungracious, that I took means to interrupt their journey. 
The case is very diflFerent with you. I will prove it to you, 
Belle-belle ; for I am a fairy, and take pleasiure in heaping 
benefits upon those who deserve them. You have a miser- 
ably poor horse; I will give you one." She struck the 
ground as she spoke with her crook, and immediately Belle- 
belle heard a neighing behind a biish; she turned quickly^ 



THE CHEVALIER FOBTUldL 475 

Euid saw the most beautiful horse in the world: it began to 
run and bound about in the meadow. 

Belle-belle, who was fond of horses, was delighted to see 
one so perfect. The Fairy called this fine courser to her, and 
touching it with her crook, she said, " Faithful Comrade, be 
better harnessed than the Emperor Matapa's best horse." 
Instantly Comrade had on a saddle-cloth of green velvet, 
embroidered with pearls and rubies, a saddle to match, and 
a bridle of pearls, with a bit and studs of gold : in short, there 
was nothing to be foimd so magnificent. *' What you see," 
said the Fairy, " is the least thing to admire in this horse. 
He has many other qualities which I will detail to you. In 
the first place, he only eats once in eight days. You need 
not be at the trouble of looking after him; he knows the 
present, the past, and the future. I have had him a long 
time, and I have trained him as for myself. Whatever you 
wish to know, or whenever you need advice, you have but to 
address yourself to him j he will give you such good coimsel, 
that sovereigns would be happy to have ministers like him ; 
you must therefore consider him more as your friend than 
your horse. Lastly, your dress is not to my liking ; I will 
give you one more becoming." 

She struck the ground with her crook, and there appeared 
a large trunk covered with Turkey leather, studded with gold 
nails : Belle-belle's initials were upon it. The Fairy sought 
amongst the grass for a golden key made in England.^ She 
opened the trunk; it was lined with Spanish leather, pro- 
fusely embroidered. There were twelve suits of clothes in it, 
twelve cravats, twelve swords, twelve feathers,  and so on, 
everything in dozens. The coats were so covered with em- 
broidery and diamonds, that Belle-belle could scarcely lift 
them. " Choose the suit that pleases you the most," said the 
Fairy, "and the others shall follow you everywhere. You 
have only to stamp your foot, saying, * Turkey-leather trunk, 
come to me full of linen and lace; Turkey-leather trunk, 
come to me full of jewels and money : * it will instantly be 
before you, whether you are out-of-doors or in your chamber. 
You must also assume a name, for Belle-belle will not suit the 
profession you are about to enter. It strikes me you might 
call yourself the Chevalier Fortune. But you ought to know 

(1) A testimony to the superiority of our locksmiths, even in those days. 



478 kEtLE-BSLU; OB, 

thdr caaketi, titey foond bits of {.lass instead of d 
and Uae ptstoles,  the Fairy not choosing that they shouU ' 
partake of ber kindnen; thej therefore tiiought their Bists i 
was Unghing at them, and they felt extremely vexed at bcrj 
bat the Coont, perceiving how augry they were with her, 
gave them thegreater part of the jewels he had just received. 
As Boon aa they touched them they changed like the otbeis; 
tb^ concluded, therefore, that on uD^nown power vsa 
irofUng against them, and be^ed their &ther to keep the 
remainder tor himaelf- The bsndK^Fme Fortune did not wait 
the retain of hie messenger before be quitted tho citv  bis 
bnsiiiess was too urgent; he was 1 .::. 1 ; !>.;,- the Kincr's 
orders. He paid his vimt to the gov .  :':. -; Louse ;dl 

the people had assembled to see him. Tbcxe was in his 
peiBon and all his actions such an air of goodness, that tlwy 
eould but admire and love him. He mid nothing bat irtiat 
waa pleasant to hear; and the crowd was bo great aronnd 
him, he did not know how to account for bo extracwdinary 
a carcnrogtance; for, having lived always in the country, be 
had seen very few people. 

H d h J urn n hi cellent horse, ivhich 

m 1 L m h 1 ^ i by recouming to 

1 m I m nu k U luciem aud modem 

h M d M d h I am deii^-iited to be 

jurjprt Iknw j much fr.mkness and 

h I m d ni^ ed 1 n people with whom 

Ik 1 d 1 n m d wl m i me wejuy of my life, 
h wa- f i U Am g them was a Tnn.n 

Th I T n nd hip m who ranked me above 

r d t pii. i L p ke in mv presence ; 

I a, I WIS f li h reatei! m3 as a jaded 

h fi 1 injra lU iif my laiiltB ja 




THE CHEVALIER FORTUNE. 479 

in a passion. pass his sword through your body?" " It would 
not signify, my Lord,'* replied Commde ; " besides, I should 
know his intention as soon as he could form it." 

They were thus talking when they approached an extensive 
forest. Comrade said to the Chevalier, " Master, there is 
a man who lives here that may perhaps be of great service 
to us; he is a woodcutter, and one who has been gifted." 
What dost thou mean by that term?" interrupted Fortune. 
" Gifted means, that he has received one or more gifts from 
fairies," added the horse ; " you must engage him to go with 
us." At the same time, advancing to where the woodcutter 
was at work, the young Chevalier accosted him with a gentle 
and winning air, and asked him several questions about the 
place they were in ; whether there were any wild beasts in the 
forest, and if he would be permitted to hunt in it The 
"woodcutter replied to everything like an intelligent man. 
Fortune then inquired, where the men were gone, who had 
been helping him to fell so many trees. The woodcutter 
replied that he had felled them all by himself, that it had 
been the work of a few hours, and that he must cut down 
many others to make a load for himself. " What ! Do you 
pretend you will carry all this wood to-day?" said the Che- 
valier. " Oh, my Lord," replied Strong-back^ (for thus people 
called him,) " my strength is extraordinary." " You make a 
great deal of money, then," said Fortun6. " Very little," 
replied the woodcutter, "for they are poor in this place; 
here every one works for himself, without begging his neigh- 
bour's assistance." *' Since you live in so poor a country," 
added the Chevalier, "you have only to choose, to go to 
another. Come with me, you shall not want for anything, 
and when you would wish to return, I will give you money 
for your journey." The woodcutter thought he could not do 
better; he forsook his axe and followed his new master. As 
soon as they had passed through the forest, they saw a man 
in the plain, who appeared to be tying his legs together with 
some riband so closely, that he woidd scarcely be able to 
walk. Comrade stopped, and said to his master, " My Lord," 

 

(1) FoTte-^chine, literally " strong chine." I have translated the names of the seven 
gifted servants: Forte-^chine, L6ger. le hon Tireur, Fine-oreille, I'lmp^tueux, 
Trinqaet and Grugeon, as they are supposed to he nicknames hestotred upon them 
"bj the people c^the country, and not their proper appellatioos* 



480 BfXIiE-BELLE ; OR^ 

here is another gifted man : you will want him ; you nrant 
take him with you.'* Fortun6 drew near him^ and with hk 
usual grace, asked him, " Why he was thus tying his 1^" 
*' I am going to hunt," said he. " Howl" said the GhaTslier, 
smiling, " Do you mean to say you can run better when joa 
are thus fettered?" " No, my Lord," replied he, " I am awim 
that my speed will not be so great, but that is my object; ht 
there is not a stag, roebuck, or hare, ihat I do not outmn 
when my legs are at liberty, so that by leaving them con- 
tinually behind me they escape, and I scarcely ever have the 
pleasure of catching them!" "You seem an extraordinaiy 
man," said Fortune ; "what is your name?" "^Bhey have 
given me the name of Swift," said the hunter, '^ and I am well 
known in this country." " If you would like to see another," 
added the Chevalier, " I should be very happy for you to go 
with me ; you will not have so much &,tigue, and I will treat 
you well." Swift was not particularly well off, so he willingly 
accepted the offer proposed to him; and Fortune, followed 
by his new servants, continued his journey. 

The next morning he saw a man on the border of a marrii, 
binding his eyes. The horse said to his master, " My Lord, I 
advise you to take this man also into your service." Fortim6 
immediately asked him, why h^ bound his eyes. " I see too 
clearly," said he ; "I spy the game more than four leagues 
off, and I never shoot without killing more than I wish. I 
am therefore obliged to bind my eyes*; for, though I got but 
a glimpse, there would be i:\either partridges nor any other 
little birds left in the country in less than two houi'S.'* 
" You are very clever," replied Fortun6. *' They call me the 
Good-marksman," said the man ; " and I would not leave this 
occupation for anything in the world." " I have, eiotwith- 
staiiding, a great inclination to propose to you to travel with 
me,' said the Chevalier ; ** it will not prevent your exercising 
your talent." The Good-marksman made some objections, and 
the Chevalier had more difficulty in winning him over than 
with the others ; for sportsmen are generally fond of libertv. 
However, he at length succeeded, and left the marsh in which 
he had halted with his additional attendant. 

Some days after this, he passed by a meadow, in which he 
saw a man lying on his side. Comrade said, " Master, this 
man is gifted ; I foresee that he will be very necessai7 to 



THE CHEVALIER FORTUN]^. 481 

Kiou.*' Fortune entered the meadow, and desired to know 

rvhat he was doing. " I want some simples," replied he ; 

zs^BSid I am listening to the grass as it grows, to find out 

^boee which I require." " How !" said the Chevalier, " have 

:^u ears so quick, that you can hear the grass grow, and 

^jguess that which will come up?" "It is for that reason,'* 

.jnid the listener, " they call me Fine-ear." " Very well, Fine- 

aftr," continued Fortune, " are you inclined to follow me ? I 

i^vill give you such high wages, that you will have no reason 

'JU> regret it." The man, delighted at so agreeable a proposi- 

^blon, joined without hesitation the other followers. 

The Chevalier, continuing his journey, saw by the side of a 

Jhi^-road a man whose cheeks were so inflated that it had a 

jVery droll effect ; he was standing with his face towards a lofty 

.mountain, two leagues ofi^, upon which were fifty or sixty 

' -windmills. ' The horsd said to his master, " There is another 

of our gifted ones; do all you can to take him with you." 

^yortun6, who had the -power of fascinating every one he saw 

' or spoke to, accosted this man, and asked him, what he was 

,- doing there. " I am blowing a little, my Lord," said he, " to 

' . set all those mills at work." '* It appears to me, you are too 

fer off," replied the Chevalier. ** On the contrary," replied 

'. the blower, " I find I am too hear; and if I did not retain 

,, the half of my breath, I should upset the mills, and perhaps 

' , the mountains they stand on. I do a great deal of mischief 

. in this way without intending' it; and I can tell you, my 

; Lord, that, having been Very ill-t!reated once by my mistress, 

' as I went into the woods to indulge my sorrow, my sighs tore 

- the trees up by the root, and created great confusion ; so that 

\. m this province they never call me anything but Boisterous." 

" If they are tired of you," said Fortune, " and you would 

come with me, here are some who will keep you company; 

they also possess extraordinary talent." " I have so natural a 

curiosity for everything that is uncommon," replied Boisterous, 

*^ that I accept your offer." 

Fortune, much pleased, proceeded; and, after passing 
through a well- wooded country, came to a large lake, fed by 
several springs ; at the side of it was a man, who looked at it 
very attentively. " My Lord," said Comrade to his master, 
** this man is wanting to complete your train. If you covaJ 
induce him to follow jou, it would be as well.'' T^Yia C^Ve^^JS 

1 1 



482 BJXLE-BFJ.T.F. ; OB, 

ajipr^ached him imrnediatelj. " Will you tell me," said hs^ 
** whfit you are doing there ?" " My Lord," replied the niu, 
*' you shall &cc as soon as this lake is full; I shall drink it tt 
one draught, for I am still thirsty, although I have already 
twice emptied it." Aud accordingly he stooped down, and in 
a few minutes left scarcely sufficient water for the smalleBt 
fisli to swim in. Fortune was not more surprised than all lus 
followers. " What 1" said he, "are you always so thirsty T 
" No," said the water-drinker ; I only drink like this when 
I have eaten anything too salt, or in case of some wager. I 
liavo been knoi^n for some time past by the name of the 
Tippler." "Come with me. Tippler," said the Knight; "I 
will give you wine to tipple, which you will find better than 
Hi)ring-water." This promise pleased the man very nxochy and 
ho forthwith took service widi the others. 

The Chevalier had now arrived within sight of the place 
fixed on for the general rendezvous of the King's forces, when 
ho ])crccived a man eating so greedily, that, although he had 
iiioro than sixty thousand loaves of Gonesse bread ^ before 
him, ho Hccmcd resolved not to leave the smallest morsel cf 
it. Comrade said to his master, " My Lord, you want but 
this man; pray make him come with you." The Chevalier 
jiccustod him, aud, smiling, said to him, *' Are you dcter- 
luiuod to oat all this bread for your breakfast?" "Yes," 

(\) (JoMowae i8 a little village in the neighbourhood of Paris, which vras celebrated 
for its very white and delicate bread. Dxiring the wars of the Fronde, the pitin de 
<;..ii,*a,- wns the \\jLxury the deprivation of which was most refn^tted by the 
I'urinirtna. (Juy P.itin, writing to his friend Spon at that period, "when the Prinee 
<li' (Umle had cut (tr the supplies of the city by taking possession of the principal 
entranros to it. says. ' Corbcil is of importance to us. It wUl be the first town we 
Khali try to take. After that Lagny ; after that we must take St. Denys, in order 
to net Ir pain i/f (;iificM for those who have delicate stomachs, and have been 
ccu.Nton\ed to it." Cionesse formed a portion of the ancient countv of Paris, and tras 
united with the domains of the Crown by Hugh Capet. Even in that early period, it 
^a* f.med for its granaries. ; The principal inhabitants of the village were bound to 
Jatch "the Kig'a Grange." by turns, evcr>- night daring the month of Aoguft; 
jMM tins scrvioe being eon.<trued into a species of serfdom which prevented them 
nvni in.irr>ing (We women, they petitioned Louis IX.. who affranchised theo. 
I ne nirat Kng. Philippe Auguste. was bom in this village, and was in consequecce 
m.T.!!*!"''* *'*"'^^ ^^'' Oonesse: and Francis I., writing to Charles V. during their 
q^ artels, styled himself iromcally.  Par la grace de Dieu. Roi de France: et ? 
^rr eit^xyen de Gonesse et de Vanves." So much wealth was amassed by -^e 
the m* '^ '*'*'**' ***** m.nrb> monuments wet* ftequently nised to the meir.or? 




r 



MUS*lhlriX*thofU. 



THE CHEVALIER E0RTUN]6. 483 

replied he : " all T regret is, that there is so little ; but the 
bs^ers are arrant lazy fellows, and give themselves very little 
trouble, whether you are hungry or not.*' " If you require so 
much eveiy day," added Fortune, *' there is hardly a country 
you would not put in a state of starvation." "Oh! my 
Lord," replied Eater (as the people called him), " I should be 
very sorry to have always so great an appetite ; neither my 
property nor that of my neighbours would be sufl&cient to 
satisfy it It is true that now and then I take a fancy to 
feast in this feshion." " My friend Eater," said Fortune, 
*' follow me; I will give you good cheer, and you will not be 
dissatisfied with having chosen me for a master." 

Comrade, who wanted neither for sense nor forethought, 
warned the Chevalier to forbid all these people from boasting 
of the extraordinary gifts which they possessed. He lost no 
time in calling them to him, and said : " Listen to me. Strong- 
back, Swift, Grood-marksman, Fine-ear, Boisterous, Tippler, 
and Eater. I give you notice, that, if you would please me," 
you will keep as an inviolable secret the talents you possess ; 
and I assure you I shall endeavour to make you so happy, 
that you will be perfectly satisfied." Each bound himself by 
an oath to obey his orders implicitly; and, soon after, the 
Chevalier, more adorned by his beauty and his graceful 
demeanour than by his magnificent dress, entered the capital 
city, mounted upon his excellent horse, and followed by the 
finest serving-men in the world. He lost no time in procuring 
liyeries for them, laced all over with gold and silver; he gave 
them horses : and, having taken apartments in the best inn, 
he awaited the day fixed for the review. Nothing, however, 
WBS talked of but him in the city; and the King, prepossessed 
\xL his ^vour by the general rumour, was very anxious to 
366 him. 

All the troops assembled in a great plain. The King came 
there, with the Queen-dowager his sister, and all their court. 
The Queen abated no jot of her pomp, notwithstanding the 
misfortunes of the kingdom ; and Fortun6 was dazzled by so 
much splendour. But if they attracted his attention, their 
observation was equally drawn towards his incomparable 
beauty. Every one was asking, who that handsome and 
gracefiil young gentleman could be; and the King, passing 
close by him, made him a sign to approach. 

ii2 



484 BELLE-BELLE; OB^ 

Fortune instantly alighted from his horse to make the King 
a low bow; he could not help blushing at being looked at bo 
earnestly; this additional colour heightened the brilliancy of 
his complexion. '' I should be glad," said the King, ^ to karn 
from yourself who you are, and what is your namef " "Sire," 
replied he, " I call myself Fortun6, without having, up to tbe 
present moment, any reason for bearing this name ; for my 
father, who is a count of the frontier, passes his life in great 
poverty, although he was bom of a rich and noble fiamly.'* 
" Fortune, who has been your godmother," replied the King, 
*' has not done so badly for you in bringing you hither; I fed 
a particular affection for you, and I remember that your 
father rendered mine great service. I will reward him by my 
fiivour to his son." '< That is quite just, brother," said tbe 
Queen-dowager, who had not yet spoken; " and as I am your 
elder, and know more particukrly than you do all the senrice 
that the Count of the Frontier has rendered the state, I beg 
you will entrust to me the care of rewarding this young 
Chevalier." 

Fortun6, enchanted at his reception, could not sufficiently 
thank the King and Queen ; he did not, however, venture to 
enlarge greatly upon his feeling of gratitude, believing it to 
be more respectful to be silent, than to talk too much. The 
little he did say was so correct, and so much to the purpose, 
that every one applauded him. He afterwards remounted 
his liorse, and mixed among the noblemen, who accompanied 
the King ; but the Queen called him away every minute, to 
ask him a thousand questions, and, turning herself towards 
Floride, who was her fevourite confidant, said to her softly, 
"What dost thou think of this Chevalier? Could any one 
display a more noble air. or more regular features I I own 
to thee I never s;iw anything more charming." Floride 
quite agreed with the Queen, adding much encomium upon 
liim, for the Chevalier was no less charming to her than to 
her mistress. 

Fortun6 could not help fixing his eyes from time to time 
upon the King. He was the handsomest prince in the world, 
and his n\anners were most fascinating. Belle-belle, who hail 
not itpnounood her sex with her dress, felt a sincere attachment 
for him. 

The King told Fortune, after the review, that he feared the 



THE CHEVALIER P0ETUN]6. 485 

war would be a very sanguinary one, and that he had determined 
to keep him dose to his own person. The Queen-dowager, 
who was present, exclaimed, *' She had also been thinking the 
same thing, that he ought not to be exposed to a long cam- 
paign, that the place of premier maitre d'hotel was vacant in 
her household, and that she would give it to him." " No," 
Baid the King, " I shall make him grand equerry to myself." 
They thus disputed one with the other for the pleasure of 
advancing Fortune, and the Queen, afraid of making known 
the secret emotions that were already agitating her heart, 
acceded to the King the gratification of appropriating the 
services of the Chevalier. 

Hardly a day passed that he did not call for his Turkey- 
leather trunk, and take out a new dress. He was certainly 
the most magnificent prince at court, insomuch that the 
Queen asked him sometimes, by what means his father could 
be at such an expense for him; at other times she would 
banter him, " Own the truth," she said, " you have a mistress ; 
it is she who sends you all the beautiful things we see." 
Fortune blushed, and respectfully replied to all the various 
questions the Queen put to him. 

On the other hand, he ""acquitted himself of his duties 
admirably. Sensibly alive to the King's merits, he attached 
himself more to him than he wished to do. " What is my 
fate*?" said he, "I love a great King, without any hope of his 
loving me, or that he will ever know what I suffer." The 
King, on his part, loaded him with favoiu's ; nothing was well 
done that was not done by the handsome Chevalier. The 
Queen, deceived by his dress, seriously thought of the means 
of contracting a secret marriage with him. The inequality 
of their birth was the only thing which troubled her. 

She was not the only one entertaining such feelings for 
Fortune ; the handsomest women of the court were taken 
with him. He was overwhelmed with tender epistles, with 
assignations, with presents, and a thousand gallantries, to all 
of which he replied with so much indifference, that they 
doubted not he had a mistress in his own country. It was in 
vain that, at the great entertainments of the court, he took 
no pains to distinguish himself. He carried away the prize at 
all the tournaments; in hunting, he killed more ga 
any one else ; he danced at all the balk >N\\\i moit^ 



486 BELLE-BELLE; OU^ 

skill than any of the courtiers ; in short, it was delightful to 
see or to hear him. 

The Queen, anxious to be spared the oonfiuioii of de- 
claring her sentiments to him herself desired floride to 
make him understand, that so many marks of kindness from 
a young and beautiM queen ought not to be a matter of 
indifiference to him. Floride was very much embarxassed bj 
this commission, for she had been unable to avoid the &te of 
all who had seen the Chevalier, and she thought it would be 
too amiable on her part to prefer her mistress's interests to 
her own ; so that, at each opportunity the Queen gave her of 
talking to him, instead of speaking of the beauty and great 
qualifications of that princess, she told him only of her ill- 
humour, and of what her women endured from her; of the 
injustice she did them, of the bad use she made of the power 
she usurped in the kingdom ; and, finally, drawing a comparisoQ 
between their sentiments, she said, " I am not bom a queen, 
but really I ought to have been ona I have so much gene- 
rosity in my nature, that I am anxious to do good to everybody. 
Ah! if I were in that high station,** continued she, "how happy 
would I make the handsome Fortune. He would love me out 
of gratitude, if he could not love me from inclination." 

The young Chevalier was quite dismayed at this conversatioD, 
and knew not what to answer, and therefore carefully avoided 
these tote-^tetes with her; and the impatient Queen never 
failed to ask her, what impression she had made for her upon 
Fortune. " He thinks so little of himself" said she, *' and is so 
bashful, that he will not believe anything I tell him of you, or 
he pretends not to believe it, because he is preoccupied by some 
other passion." ** I behevo so too," said the alarmed Queen ; 
'but is it possible he will not yield to his ambition?" "And 
is it possible," replied "Floride, " that you would owe his heart 
to your crown ? so young and beautiful as you are, possessing 
a thousand attractions ; is it necessary to have recourse to the 
splendour of a diadem ] " " One has recourse to everything,** 
replied the Queen, "when it is to subdue a rebellious heart." 

Floride saw clearly that it was impossible to cure her 
mistress of her infatuation for hiuu The Queen each day 
expected some happy result from the labours of her confidimt, 
but she made so little progress with Fortune, that she was at 
longth compelled to seek the means of obtaining a personal 



THE CHEVALIER FORTtN^. 487 

interview with him. She knew that he was accustomed voiy 
early every morning to walk in a little wood in front of the 
windows of her apartment. She arose at dayhreak, and, 
watching the path he was likely to take, saw him approaching 
with a melancholy and abstracted air. She instantly called 
Floride. **Thou hast spoken too truly," said she; ** Fortune 
is without doubt in love with some lady in this court, or in 
Ins own country  see how sad he looks.** " I have observed 
this sadness in all his conversations," replied Floride; "and if 
it were possible for you to forget him, you would do well." 
** It is too late,'* exclaimed the Queen, sighing deeply; "but, 
as he has entered that green arbour, let us go there ; I will 
have thee only to follow me." The girl did not dare to stop 
the Queen, however much she wished to do so ; for she feared 
she would induce Fortune to fall in love with her, and a rival 
of such exalted rank is always very dangerous. As soon as 
the Queen had taken a few steps in the wood, she heard the 
Chevalier singing; his voice was very sweet; he had com* 
posed these words to a new air :  

" How rare a thing it is for Love and Peace 
To dwell together in the same fond heart ! 
For ever with my joys, my fears increase, 
To see them, like a morning dream, depart ! 
Dread of the future robs my soul of rest. 
Then most unhappy when it most is blest ! " 

Fortune had made these verses in consequence of his senti- 
ments for the King, the favour he had shown him, and from 
the fear he was in of being recognised, and forced to leave a 
court he preferred living in to any other in the world. The 
Queen, who stopped to listen, was extremely distressed, 
**What am I going to attempt?" said she softly to Floride. 
" This ungrateful young man despises the honour of pleasing 
me ; he thinks himself happy  he seems satisfied with his 
conquest  and he sacrifices me to another." " He is at that 
age," replied Floride, " when reason has not yet established 
its rights; if I dared advise your Majesty, it would be to 
forget a giddy little fellow, who is not capable of appreciating 
his good fortune." The Queen would much rather her con- 
fidant had spoken to her in a different manner; she cast an 
angry look at her, and, hastily advancing, she quickly entered 
the arbour where the knight was; she pretended to bf 
prised to find him there, and to be vexed at \x\^ ?feca% 



488 BELLE-BELLE; OB^ 

deshabille, although she had taken great pains to make herself 
magnificent and attractive. 

As. soon as she appeared, from respect to her, he would 
have retired, but she desired him to remain, that he migbt 
assist her in walking, " I was awoke this morning; mast 
agreeably, by the singing of the birds. The fine weather, aod 
the pure air, invited me to hear them warbling nearer. How 
happy they are; alas! they know nought but pleasure: 
grief does not trouble them !" " It appears to me^ Madam," 
replied Fortune, " that they are not entirely exempt from 
pain and sorrow ; they ai*e always in danger of the murderous 
shot, or the deceitful snares of sportsmen, besides the birds of 
prey which war against these little innocent ones. When a 
hard winter comes, and freezes the ground, and covers it with 
snow, they die for want of hemp or millet-seed, and eveiy 
year they have the trouble of seeking a fresh mistress." 

"You think, then, Chevalier," said the Queen, smiling, 
''that it is a trouble? There are men who have a fresh one 
each month in the year ; but you appear surprised at it," she 
continued, " as if your heart was not of the same stamp, and 
that you have not yet been given to change!" " I am not 
able, Madam, to know of what I should be guilty," said the 
Chevalier, "for I have never yet loved; but I dare believe, 
if I had an attachment, it would end but with my life/' 
"You have never loved?" cried the Queen, looking so 
earnestly at him, that the poor Chevalier changed colour 
several times ; " you have never been in love 1 Fortune, can 
you assert this to a Queen, who reads in your face and your 
eyes the passion that occupies your heart? and who has heard 
the words which you sang to the new air, which is just now 
so popular." " It is true. Madam," replied the Chevalier, 
" that those lines are my own ; but it is likewise true, that I 
made them without any particular design ; my friends ask 
me every day to write drinking-songs for them, although I 
never drink anything but water ; there are others who prefer 
love-songs: thus I sing of Love, and of Bacchus, without being 
a lover or a drinker." 

The Queen listened to him with so much emotion that she 
could scarcely support herself; that which he had told her, 
rekindled the hope in her bosom that Floride would have 
deprived her of. " If I could think you sincere," said she, " I 



THE CHEVALIER EORTUNlS. 489 

^ould indeed be surprised, that you have not seen a lady in 
this court sufi&ciently lovely for you to fix upon." " Madam," 
replied Fortune, " I endeavour so earnestly to fulfil the duties 
"of my office, that I have.no time for sighing." "You love 
.nothing, then?" added she, with vehemence. "No, Madam," 
said he; "I have not a heart of so gallant a character; I am 
a kind of misanthrope, who loves his liberty, and who would 
not lose it for all the world." The Queen sat down, and 
fixing upon him the kindest of looks  "There are some 
chains^ so beautiful and glorious," replied she, " that anyone 
might feel happy to wear them ; if Fortune has destined such 
to yon, I would advise you to renounce your liberty." In 
sp^kking thus, her eyes explained her meaning too intelligibly, 
for the Chevalier, who had already very strong suspicions, not 
to be now entirely confirmed in them. Fearing the conver- 
sation might go still further, he looked at his watch, and 
setting the hand on a little  " I must beg your Majesty," 
said he, " to allow me to go to the palace ; it is time for the 
King to arise, and he desired me to be in attendance." " Go, 
indifferent youth," said she, sighing profoundly; "you are 
right to pay court to my brother, but remember you would not 
have done wrong'to dedicate some of your attentions to me." 

The Queen followed him with her eyes, then let them fall, 
and reflecting upon what had just passed, blushed with shame 
and lage. That which added still more to her grief, was that 
Florida had witnessed it all, and she remarked upon her &,ce 
an expression of joy, which seemed to tell her, she would have 
done better had she taken her advice instead of speaking to 
Fortun6; she meditated sometime, and taking her tablets, 
she wrote these lines, which she caused to be set to music by 
the Lully^ of the court:  

" Behold t behold ! the torment I endure ! 
The victor knows it : hut it moves him not. 
My heart displays the wound no time can cure, 
Still rankling with the shaft too truly shot. 

*' As unconceal'd, his coldness, his disdain. 
He hates me, and his hate I would return ; 
But ah ! my foolish heart essays in vain 
With aught hut fondest love for him to bum ! " 



(1) The celebrated composer, LuUy, was, at the time these stories were written, in 
the zenith of his popularity; both at the court of Versailles, and with the public at 
large. He died in 1686. 



490 belle-belle; ob, 

Floride played her port tctv well with the Queen ; she con- 
soled her as much as she could, and gave her some few flat- 
tering hopes, which she needed to support her. " Fortmtf 
thinks himself so beneath you, Madam," said she, *^ that he 
did not perhaps understand what you meant; and it appesn 
to me that he has already said much in assuring you that he 
loves no one.** It is so natural for us to flatter ourselYeB. tint 
the Queen at length took heart a little. She was ignoram 
that the malicious Floride. aware of the Chevalier's indifferenoe 
for her, wished to induce him to speak stiH more efxplidtlY, 
that he might offend her by his cool answers. 

He was, on his part, in the greatest perplexity. His situa- 
tion appeared cruel to him ; he would not have hesitated to 
leave the court, if his love for the King had not detained him 
in spite of himself He never went near the Queen but when 
she held her court, and then always in the ELing^s suite : she 
perceived this alteration in his conduct instantly; she several 
times gave him the opportunity of paying attentions to her, 
without his profiting by it ; but one day, as she descended 
into her gardens, she saw him cross one of the grand avenues, 
and suddenly enter the little wood. She called to him ; he 
feared to displease her in pretending not to hear her. and 
approached her respectfully. 

" Do you remember. Chevalier," said she, " the conversation 
we had together some time ago in the green arbour ? " * I am 
not capable. Madam," answered he, *'of forgetting that 
honour." * Xo doubt the questions I put to you then," said 
the Queen, " were distressinar: for since that dav vou have not 
placed yourself in a situation for me to ask you any more." 
* As chance alone procured me that fiivour,'* said he, " I 
thought it would be presuming to seek any other.** " Rather 
say, ungrateful man," continued she, blushing, " that you have 
avoided my presence: you know too well my sentiments." 
Fortune cast down his eves in an embarrassed and modest 
manner, and as he hesitated to reply to her, she continued  
** You seem very much disconcerted  go, do not endeavour to 
answer me ; I understand you better than though I heard you 
speak.** She would perhaps have said more, but she per- 
ceived the King coming that way. She advanced towards 
him. and seeing him look verj* melancholy, she begged him to 
tdl her the re^ison. * You know,"* said the King, ** that about 



THE CHEYAUEB FORTUNE. 491 

ith ago tidiogB were brought me that a dmgon of pro- 
is size was ravaging the country. I thought thej could 
m, and issued for that purpoae the neceBsary orders ; hut 
lave tried every means in vain. He devours ray sub- 
tbeir flocks, and all that he meets with; ho poisons all 
vers and springs wherever he quenches his thirst, and 
re the grass and the herbs that he lies down upon." 
 the King was tolkii^ to her, it entered the mind of tho 
^ed Queen, that there was an opportunity afforded to her 
rificing the Chevalier to her resentment. " I am not 
Lut," said she, "of the bad news you have received. 
n6, whom you saw with me, has just given me an 
Qt of it; but, brother, you will be surprised at what I 
to tell yoTi,  be has entreated me, with the greatest im- 
uity, to ask you to permit him to go aud fight this 
le dmgon ; he is indeed so skilled in tho use of arms, 
'. am not surprised he presumes so much; besides, he 
lid me he baa a secret, by which he can put the most 
Vl dragon to sleep, but that must not be mentioned, 
ie it does not show much courage in the action." " In 
rer manner he may do it," replied the King, " it will be 
lorioua for him, and of great service to us, if he could 
1 ; but I fear this proceeds from an indiscreet zeal, and 
will cost him his hfe." " No, brother," added the 
"fear not; he has related very surprising things on 
>ject. Tou know that he is naturally very sincere, 
1 what honour can he hope for, in dying so rashly. In 
aid sh^ " I bxn promised to obtain for him what he 
diwi, that if you refi ae him, it will kill him." 
^^^^K^^^KB^ Baid the King, " but I own 
HHMPHBB^Ignance : but let ua call him." 
msdt Or ^gB for Fortune to approach, and said 
'lini, "I have jitst tetimt from the Queen the desire 
o fight the dmgon that is devaitating our country. 
^>''.'S"! ' ': '.t I (.'an scaroelj'b^eve youhavo 

'-" " "I > vo represented this to 

calous in your servioe, 
nothing oan dissuade 
aucceadiiL" For- 
 Bni^ " -'il 



THE CHEVALIER FOETUNfi. 493 

pression on him, that he could not imagine anything in the 
lyorld more charming*; and if he suffered at leaving him, it was 
much less from the fear of being deyoured by the dragon, than 
firdm being deprived of the presence of one so dear to him. 

The Bang would have a general order included in Fortune's 
^commission, for all his subjects to aid and assist him when- 
ever he should stand in need ; after which he took leave of the 
ILing, and that nothing might be remarked in his behaviour, 
he went to the Queen, who was sitting at her toilette, sur- 
rounded by several of her ladies. She changed colour when 
he appeared; what had she not to reproach herself with on 
his account? He saluted her respectfully, and asked her, if 
she would honour him with her commands, as he was on the 
point of departing. These last words completely disconcerted 
her; and Moride, who knew not what the Queen had plotted 
against the Chevalier, was thunderstruck. She would wil- 
lingly have had some private conversation with him, but he 
avoided carefully so embarrassing an interview. 

** I pray the gods," said the Queen, "that you may conquer, 
and return triumphant." " Madam,** replied the Chevalier, 
** your Majesty does me too much honour, and is sufl&ciently 
aware of the danger to which I shall be exposed; however, I 
am full of confidence  perhaps, upon this occasion, I am the 
only one who does hope." The Queen understood very well 
what he meant; no doubt she would have replied to this 
reproach, had there been fewer persons present. 

The Chevalier returned to his lodgings, and ordered his 
seven excellent servants to take horse, and follow him, as the 
time had arrived to prove what they could do. There was 
not one who did not rejoice at being able to serve him. In 
less than an hour everything was ready, and- they set out 
with him, assuring him they would do their utmost to fulfil 
his command. In short, as soon as they had reached the 
open country, and had no fear of being seen, each one gave 
proof of his address. Tippler drank the water from the 
lakes, and caught the finest fish for his master's dinner. 
Swift, on his part, hunted the stags, and caught the hares 
by their ears, whatever doubles they made. The Good-marks- 
man giEive no quarter to either partridges or pheasants ; and 
when the game was killed by one party, the venison by 
another, and the fish taken out of the water, Strong-back 



494 BELLE-BELLE; OB, 

 

carried it all cheerfully. Eyen Fine-ear made himaelf uaefiil; 
he found truffles, morelles, mushrooms, salads, and fine heibB^ 
by hearing them grow in the ground. So Fortiin^ hazdly 
ever^ had occasion to draw his purse-strings, to defiraj the 
expenses of his journey. He would hare been Teiy much 
amused at the sight of so many extraordinazy thingH^ if his 
heart had not been so full of all that he had just left Tlie 
King's merit was ever present to him, and the Queen's malioe 
appeared to him so great, that he could not help hating her. 
He was riding along lost in thought, when he was aroused 
from his reverie by the piercing cries of several people. They 
were those of the poor peasants, whom the dragon was devour- 
ing. He saw some, who having escaped, were running away with 
all their might : he called to them, but they would not stop j 
he followed, and spoke to them, and he learnt from them 
that the monster was not far off. He asked them, how they 
had managed to escape ; they told him that water was veiy 
scarce in the country, that they had only rain-water to 
driuk^ to preserve which, they had made a pond  that the 
dragon, after going his rounds^ went to drink there  that he 
uttered such tremendous yells when he arrived at it, he 
might be heard a league off, and -that then everybody was so 
alamied that they hid themselves, and fiistened their doors 
and windows. 

The Chevalier entered an inn, not so much to rest himself 
as tu get some good advice from his pretty horse. When 
every one had retired, he went into the stable, and said, 
" Cumi-ade, how shall we conquer this dragon?" " My Lord," 
said he, **I will dream of it to-night, and tell vou what I think 
about it to-morrow morning." Accordingly, the next morning 
when the Cheralier came again, the horse said, ** Let Fine- 
ear listen if the dragon is near at hand." Fine-ear laid 
himself down on the ground, and heard the yells of the 
dragon, who was about seven leagues off. When the horse 
was informed of this, he said to Fortune, " Desire Tippler to 
go and drink up all the water out of the great pond, and 
make Strong-back carry wine enough there to fill it. You 
inust put around the pond dried raisins, pepper, and several 
things that will make the dragon thirsty; order all the inha- 
T !I?*^ *^ shut themselves up in their houses; and you, my 
Lord, must not leave the one you may choose to lay wait in 



Tm CHEVALIER FORTUNE. 4&5 

wiih your attendants. The dragon will not fall to go and 
Irink at the pond, the wine he will like very much, and you 
Brill then see what will be the end of it all." 

As soon as Comrade had arranged what was to be done, 
Everybody set about what they had to do. The Chevalier 
Brent into a house which oyerlooked the pond. He had 
icarcely done so, when the frightful dragon came and drank 
% little, then he ate some of the breakfast they had prepared 
Tor him, and then he drank more and more, till he became 
quite intoxicated. He was unable to move, he laid upon his 
side, his head hanging down, and his eyes closed. When 
Fortim6 saw him in this state, he felt he had not a moment 
to lose, he issued forth, sword in hand, and attacked him 
most courageously. The dragon, finding himself wounded 
on all sides, would have got up and fallen upon the Cheyalier, 
but he had not the strength, he had lost so much blood. The 
Chevalier, overjoyed that he had reduced him to this extre- 
mity, called his attendants to bind the monster with cords 
and chains, that the King might have the pleasure and glory 
of ending his life j so that, having nothing more to fear from 
the beast, they dragged him into the city. 

Fortune marched at the head of his little troop. On 
approaching the palace, he sent Swift to the King with good 
news of his great success ; but it seemed incredible, till they 
actually saw the monster j^ust boimd upon a machine con- 
structed for the purpose. 

The King descended, and embraced Fortune. " The gods 
have reserved this victory for you," said he, " and I feel much 
less joy at the sight of this horrible dragon reduced to this 
condition, than at your safe return, my dear Chevalier." " Sire," 
replied he, " may it please your Majesty to give the monster 
his death-blow; I brought him here to receive it at your 
hand." The King drew his sword, and terminated the exist- 
ence of one of his most cruel enemies. Everybody uttered 
shouts of joy at such unhoped-for success. 

Floride, who had been in continual anxiety, was not long 
before she heard of the return of her handsome Chevalier. 
She ran to tell the Queen of it, who was so astonished and 
confounded by her love and her hatred, that she could return 
no answer to what her confidant told her; and she repr' 
herself a hundred and a hundred times iot ^'a "ffl 



493 BELLE-BELLE; OE, 

trick she bad played him, but she would rather haye seen 
liim dead than bo indifferent to ber. She knew not whetha 
to be pleased or sorry that he had returned to the court, 
where his presence would again disturb her peace. 

The King, impatient to impart te his sister the success of 
snob an extraordinary event, entered her chamber, leaning on 
the Chevalier's arm. " Here is the conqueror of the dragon," 
said he, " who has rendered me the greatest service I conld 
have received from a faithful subject ; it waa to you. Madam, 
be first eipressed hia desire to fight this monster; I hope 
yeu will appreciate the courage with which he exposed hint 
self to the greatest danger. The Queen, composing her coun- 
tenance, honoured Fortune with a gmcioiw reception, and 
li, thousand praises ; she tliotight him handsomer than when 
he went away, and her earnest look at him was to mate him 
understand that her heart was not cured of its wound. 

She would not trust to her eyes alone the task of expla- 
nation; and one day that she was hunting with the King, 
she gave up following the hounds on the plea of sudden 
indisposition; then, turning to the young Chevalier, who 
was near her, "You will do rce the pleasure," said she, "of 
remaining with me ; I wish to alight, and rest a little while. 
Go," she continued, to those who accompanied her, " do not 
leave my brother!" She alighted instantly with Floride, 
and seated herself by the aide of a stream, where she remained 
for some time in profound silence, t.hinVing how ebe goqM 
beet commence the conversation. 

At length, raising her eyes, she fixed them upon the Che- 
valier, and said, " As good intentions are not alwaya obvioi^ 
I fear you have not been able to penetrate the motives whidt 
induc<^ me to press the King to send you to fight the dragon; 
I felt sure, from a presentiment that never deceives m^ 
that you would acquit yourself like a brave man; and jmt 
enemies thought so lightly of your courage, because yon did 
not go to the army, that it was necessary you shonld perfcxm 
some such action to stop their mouths. I should have in- 
formed you of what they said upon this Bubjeot," continaed 
she, "and ought perhaps to have done so, but I feared the 
consequences whic& might result from your reeentmcmt, and 
thought it would be better for you to ulence such iD- 
intentioned people by your intrepid conduct in daiager, tim 



THE CHEVALIER FORTUNfi. 497 

exertion of an influence which would rather mark the 
te than the soldier. You perceive now, Chevalier," 
she, " that I took a lively interest in all that could 
3 to our glory, and that you would be very wrong 
DU to judge otherwise." " The distance is so great 
1 us, Madam,'* replied he, modestly, '^ that I am not 
of the explanation you have been so good as to give 
 the care you took to imperil my life for the sake of 
lOur. The gods protected me with more beneficence 
J enemies hoped for^ and I shall esteem myself always 
to employ in the King's service, or in yours, a 
3 loss of which is a matter of more indifference to 
n may be imagined." This respectful reproach from 
 perplexed the Queen: she perfectly comprehended 
ining of his words : but he was still too agreeable to 
be got rid of entirely by too sharp a reply; on the 
y, she pretended to enter completely into his feelings, 
de him again relate to her how skilfully he had con- 
the dragon. 

me had taken good care not to tell any one it was 

the assistance of his attendants he had doneMso; he 

of having &ed this redoubtable enemy alone, and 

own skill, and his courage, even to rashness, had 

'lis victory; but the Queen, scarcely thinking of 

vas saying to her, interrupted him, to ask him if 

Dw convinced of the interest she felt in all that 

him ; and woidd have pressed the subject further 

when he said : " Madam, I hear the sound of the 

King is approaching; will your Msgesty mount 

to go and meet himT' " No," said she, spitefully; 

ieut for you to do so." " The King would blame 

" added he, " should I leave you by yourself in 

)sed to danger." " I will dispense with your 

,plied she, in an imperative tone. " Begone !  

e annoys me ! " 

nmand, the Chevalier made her a profound bow, 

lorse, and disappeared from her sight, very nn- 

might be the result of this fresh offence. He 

suited his fine horse" Let me know, comrade," 

his too loving, too angry Queen, wiU 

T to giwe me up to]" " !so ofher \5\A\ 

K K 



THE CHEVALIER FORTUNlg. 499 

lUowed to undertake the rashest enterprise in the 

"What, sister,** cried the King, "does he "wish to 
ith a fresh dragon 1 " " With several at once," said she, 
\ sure of conquering  shall I tell you? Well, then, he 
le will compel the Emperor to restore all our treasures; 
effect this, he does not require an army." " What a 
eplied the King, " that this poor boy should be guilty 
nuch extravagance ! " " His fight with the dragon," 
;he Queen, " has caused him to think of nothing but 
iventures ; and what hazard do you run in permitting 
ain to expose himself in your servicer* . " I hazard his 
lich is dear to me," replied the King. " I should 
emely sorry to see him tlrfoW it away so wantonly." 
le as you may, he is certain to die,*' said die ; "for I assure 
3 desire is so strong to go and recover your treasures, 
! will pine to death if you refuse him permission." 
King felt deeply distressed. " I cannot imagine," said 
hat has filled his head with all these chimeras; it pains 
eedingly to see him in this condition." " The fact is," 
the Queen, "he has fought with the dragon; he has 
shed him, perhaps he will be equally successful in this 
are. I am seldom deceived by my presentiments ; my 
bIIs me his enterprise will be fortunate : pray, brother, 

oppose his zeaL" ''Let him be called," added the 
" at all events I must represent to him the risk he 

" That is just the way to exasperate him,'* replied the 

; " he will think you will not let him go, and I assure 

will not be deterred by any consideration for himself, 

bave already said all that can be thought of on the 

:." " Well," cried the King, " let him go then : I con- 

The Queen, delighted with this permission, sent for 
1^. "Chevalier," said she, "thank the king; he grants 
^/>ennission you so much desire,  to seek the Emperor 

and by fair words, or by force, recover from him 
'iXTGB which he has despoiled us o Prepare to de- 
: as much expedition as when you went to fight 

? iHuch surprised, recognised in this piece of malice, 
of the Queen's fury against him. However, he 
^^e ixx being able to lay down his life for a 
^ (JeaX *^ ^^} and without makm^ wa^ ^ 

K 2 



BELUt-nLLI; OK, 



il* MfVT I Ixn ^^t Uitn vrtAimt  iiwiiiiiri i iir 



M Ultle to the 1hriMhK 9k' 
Owm antfrfti km : ^ 



fWdialii 



* 



**"^?t>aKi, 



 w iM to ri n it 

hem, " Hj hMM Cmbm^- >d Ik. ' 

mm* 4toi l 9m >  " l i J it ic 

ban^  do Mt akov mcehV: J rt ii uiL 
at aO tlMt I)m4, I bpr ba><n 1; lir  

tliPB knt." ciMwiKt 
^ iLo lu^>st ]sa.-ii.i* 

j,*lure all tlist he hn* ui... i..,-^ 

ni" iiuljr I'V havinp mi slrtntiK-i mii turn' 
- 1 liaTO ixwi t'lld nl hfr iiiilwi nrnttc 

* ,.,,.t||,.r  I hope- br-wera: fi^ lH:it.-r tvmi. ' 

vilucl'*'Ti-..W ., 'j ''"'^''^' -"ni4ii! 
lulfrfW*/, I ,L  '"''^ ^'BS-- ^iT.jmA 

..,v*iw*jL^i , "" '"" ^' ftMi- Ih 

r'""^Jw "' ' I '- I I. n '" """ "'ST'^c-awTOd btim 
^tfflll M ' " '.. In, I ,21 *^^ ^ -^"""^  




THE CHEVALIEE FO&TUKfi. 501 

for him. An affection of this kind appeared to him the most 
dreadful .thing in the world. Her confidant, who knew the 
whole secret, was exasperated with her mistress^ for striving 
to sacrifice the flower of all chivalry. 

Fortune took in the Turkey-leather trunk all that was ne- 
cessary for his journey. He was not satisfied with dressing 
himself magnificently; he wished his seven attendants who 
accompanied him to make as good an appearance: and as 
ithey had all of them excellent horses, and Comrade seemed 
rather to fly through the air, than to gallop over the ground, 
they arrived in a very little time at the capital city in which 
the Emperor Matapa resided. It was larger than Paris, 
Constantinople, and Eome put together, and so populated, 
that all the cellars, garrets, and lofts were inhabited. 

F^rtun6 waa surprised to see a city of such a prodigious 
extent. He demanded an audience of the Emperor; but 
when he announced the subject of his embassy, although 
with a grace which added much to the effect of his arguments, 
the Emperor could not help smiling. " If you were at the 
head of five hundred thousand men,*' said he, " one might 
listen to you ; but they tell me you have but seven." ** I 
never undertook, my Lord," said Fortun6, "to make you 
restore what my master wishes by force, but by my very 
humble remonstrances." " Neither one way nor the other," 
added the Emperor. "You will never succeed, unless you 
can accomplish something that has just occurred to me. It 
is, that you should find a man who has so good an appetite, 
that he can eat for his breakfast all the hot bread baked for 
the inhabitants of this great city." 

The Chevalier was most agreeably surprised at this propo- 
sition ; but as he did not answer directly, the Emperor burst 
into a fit of laughter. " You see," said he, " it is natural to 
return a ridiculous answer to a ridiculous request." " Sire," 
said Fortune, ^- 1 accept your offer. To-morrow I will bring 
a man who shall eat all the new bread, and likewise all the 
stale bread in this city. Oi*der it to be brought into the great 
square, and you will have the pleasure of seeing him demolish 
it all, to the very crumbs." The Emperor gave his assent. 
Nothing was talked of for the rest of the day, but the folly 
of the new ambassador; and Matapa swore he w^^'"^'^ ^^^t 
him to death, if he did not keep his word. 



502 BELLE-BELLE; OB^ 

Fortune, having returned to the ambassador's hotel, wbere 
he had taken up his abode, called Eater to him, and said, 
" Now is the time for thee to prepare thyself to eat bread: 
everything depends upon it." He thereupon told him vhik 
he had promised the Emperor. " Do not make yourself un- 
easy, master," said Eater ; " I shall eat till they will be tired 
of feeding me." Fort\m6, however, coidd not help fearing liie 
result of his exertions, and forbade them to give him any 
supper, that he might eat his breakfast the better; but this 
precaution was useless. 

The Emperor, the Empress, and the Princess, placed than- 
selves in a balcony, that they might better see all that took 
place. Fortun6 arrived with his little retinue; and he perceived 
in the great square six large mountains of bread, higher than 
the Pyrennees : he could not avoid turning pale. With Sater 
it had a contrary effect ; for the anticipation of eating w 
much good bread delighted him : he begged they would not 
keep the smallest morsel from him, declariug he would not 
leave a bit for a mouse. The Emperor and all the Court 
amused themselves at the expense of Fortun6 and his atten- 
dants ; but Eater, becoming impatient, demanded the signal 
to commence. It was given to him by a flourish of drums 
and trumpets : at the same instant he threw himself upon 
one of the mountains of bread, which he devoured in less 
than a quarter of an hour, and gulped down all the rest at 
the same rate. Never was greater astonishment. Everybody 
asked if their eyes had not deceived them, and went, to 
satisfy themselves, by touching the place where they had placed 
the bread. Every creature that day, from the Emperor to the 
cat, was compelled to dine without bread. 

Fortune, delighted with his great success, approached the 
Emperor, and very respectfully asked if it was agreeable for 
him to keep his word with him. The Emperor, rather irri- 
tated at being so duped, said, " Mr. Ambassador, it will not 
do to eat so much without drinking, therefore you, or some 
one of your people, must drink all the water out of the 
fountains, aqueducts, and reservoirs that are in the city, and 
all the wine that can be found in the cellars." " Sire," said 
Fortune, "you are endeavouring to make it impossible for 
me to obey your orders: however, I would not mind at- 
+mpting the adventure, if I might flatter myself you would 



THE CHEVALIER rORTtJN:6. 608 

restore to the King, my master, what I have asked for him." 
** I will do it," said the Emperor, "if you succeed in your 
undertaking." The Chevalier asked the Emperor if he would 
be present ; he replied, it would be so extraordinary a thing, 
that it deserved his attention, and getting into a magnificent 
chariot, he drove to the Fountain of Lions: there were 
seven marble lions, which threw from their mouths torrents 
of water, which formed a river, upon which the inhabitants 
traversed the city in gondolas. Tippler approached the great 
bason, and without taking breath, he drained it as dry as 
though there had never been any water in it. The fish in 
the river cried vengeance against him, for they knew not 
what had happened; in like manner he did by all the other 
fountains, aqueducts, and reservoirs; in fact, he could have 
drunk the sea, he was so thirsty. After such an example the 
Emperor did not doubt but that he could drink the wine as 
easily as the water, and everybody was too much provoked to 
be willing to give him their own. But Tippler complained of 
the great injustice they were doing him ; he said he should 
have the stomach-ache, and that he not only expected the 
wine, but that the spirits were also his due ; so that Matapa, 
fearing he might appear covetous, consented to Tippler's 
request. Fortune took his opportunity of begging the Em- 
peror to recollect his promise. At these words he looked 
very stem, and told him he would think of it. In fact he 
called his council together, and expressed his extreme vex- 
ation at having promised this young ambassador to return 
all he had won from his master ; that he had considered the 
conditions he had attached thereunto were impossible to be 
accomplished, and quite sufficient to prevent his compliance. 
The Princess, his daughter, who was one of the most lovely 
creatures in the world, having heard him speak thus, said, 
" You are aware, Sire, that up to the present moment I have 
beaten all those who have dared to dispute the prize in a race 
with me. You must tell the ambassador that if he can 
reach before me a certain spot that shall be marked out, you 
will no longer hesitate to keep your word with him." The 
Emperor embraced his child, thought her advice admirable, 
and the next morning received Fortune very graciously. 

" I have one more condition to make," said he, " which is, 
that you, or one of your people, should run a race with the 



THE CHEVAUEE fOBTUI^J^ 605 

jshe "winnnig place. "Ye gods!" cried he, speaking to his 

iiorse, **we are lost; I see nothing of Swift." "My lord,'* 

id Comrade, " Fiae-Ear must listen, perhaps he will be 

jLblo to tell us what he is about." Fine-Ear threw himself 

apon the ground, and although he was two leagues from him, 

l<ie could hear him snoring. " Truly," said he, " he has no 

. :ihoughts of coming; he deeps as though he was in bed." 

I^*Ahl what shall we do then?" again cried Foi*tune. 

"'^ Master," said Comrade, " the good Marksman must let fly 

l%a arrow at the tip of his ear, to awake him." The good 

"5iarksman took his bow, and aimed so truly, that he pierced 

' Swift's ear : the pain woke him, he opened his eyes, he saw 

lithe Princess nearly at the goal, and heard nothing but shouts 

^f joy, and great applause. He was at first astonished, but 

lie soon regained the ground he had lost by sleeping. It 

'iippeared as though the winds were carrying him along, and 

they could not follow him with their eyes  in short, he 

 Arrived first, with the arrow still in his ear, for he had not 

^ bad the time to take it out 

The Emperor was so astonished at the three events which 
liad come to pass since the arrival of the ambassador, that he 
believed the gods &voured him, and that he could no longer 
"defer keeping his word. "Approach," said he to Fortune, 
'* that you may learn from my own lips, that I consent that 
you shall take from hence as much as you, or one of your 
men can carry, of your master's treasures; for you cannot 
iuppose I woidd ever do more than that, nor that I would let 
either his soldiers, his subjects, or his horses go." The 
-vmbassador made him a profound bow ; he tald him that he 
was much obliged to him, and that he begged he would give 
his orders thereupon. 

Matapa, excessively mortified, spoke to his treasurer, and 
*,hen went to a palace that he had just without the walls of 
he city. Fortune and his attendants immediately asked for 
admission into all the places where the king's furniture, curi- 
osities, money, and jewels were deposited. They hid nothing 
^rom him, but it was on condition that but one man should 
be laden with them. Strongback made his appearance, and 
vith his assistance the ambassador carried ofi" all the furniture 
hat was in the Emperor's palace, five hundred stat 
old taller than giants, coaches, chariots, au^ >^ ^ 



506 BELLE-BELLE; OB^ 

things, without exception, with which Strongback walked 
80 swiftly, it seemed as though he had not a pound weight upon 
his back. * 

When the mperor*8 ministers saw that the palace ms 
dismantled to such an extent that there were neither dam, 
nor chests, nor saucepans, nor a bed to lie upon, thej hastened 
to warn him of it  and one may judge of his surprise, iriten 
he learned that one man curried everything. He excbdmed 
tliat ho would not suffer it. and commanded his guards and 
musquetecrs to mount, and speedily follow the robbeni 
Although Fortun6 was more than ten leagues oS, Fine-Ear 
told him that he heard a large body of cavalry galloping 
towards them, and the good Marksman, who had an exoeUent 
sight, saw them at that distance. Fortune, who with his 
men had just arrived on the banks of a river, said to Tippler, 
" We have no boats; if thou couldst drink some of this water, 
we might be able to ford the river." Tippler instantly per- 
formed his dutv. The ambassador was anxious to make the 
best use of his time, and get away ; his horse said to him, 
"Do not be uneasy, let our enemies approach." They 
appeared upon the opposite bank, and knowing where the 
fishermen moored their boats, they speedily embarked in 
them, and rowed with all their might, when Boisterous in- 
flated his cheeks, and commenced hlowinsr : the river became 
ajitated. the boats were upset, and the Emperor's little armv 
perished, without a single man escaping to tell the news. 

Rejoiced at so favourable an event, each thought only cf 
demanling the reward he considered he had deserved. They 
wanted to m:\ke themselves masters of all the treasures they 
had brought away, and a great dispute arose between them 
upon the division. 

" If I had not won the prize.'' said the runner. " yoa 
would have had nothing.'* - And if I had not heard you 
snoring." said Fine-ear. - where should we have been then?'' 
*' Who would have awakened thee without me ?" responded 
the Gooii Marksman. " In truth." added Strongback. " I 
admire your arguments : who ought to dispute the right of 
first choice with me. since I have had the trouble of carrying 
It all J Without my assistance, you would not have had" the 
opponunity of sharing it." - Say. rather, without mine," 
wjoined Tippler; -the river that I drank like a jrlass of 



THE CHEVALIER FORTUNE. 50!? 

lemonade would have puzzled you a little." "You would 
have been much more puzzled, if I had not upset the boats," 
said Boisterous. " I have been silent till now," interrupted 
Eater, " but I must remark that it was I who opened the ball 
in the great events which have passed ; and that if I had left 
but a crust of bread, all would have been lost." 

" My friends," said Fortune, with a commanding air, " you 
have all done wonders ; but we ought to leave it to the King 
to acknowledge our services. I should be very sorry to be 
rewarded by any other hand than his. Believe me, let us 
leave all to his will; he sent us to recover his treasures, and 
not to steal them. The thought of it even is so shameful, 
that I am of opinion it should never be mentioned again; 
and I assure you, I myself will do so much for you, that you 
will have nothing to regret, if it be possible the King should 
neglect you." 

The seven gifted men, deeply penetrated by their master's 
remonstrance, fell at his feet, and promised him that his will 
should be theirs ; and with this determination they finished 
their journey. But the charming Fortun6, as he approached 
the city, felt agitated by a thousand various anxieties ;  the 
joy at having rendered such a considerable service to the 
King,  ^to him for whom he felt so much affection,  the hope 
of seeing him of being favourably received,  ^all this flattered 
him delightfully. On the other hand, the fear of again irri- 
tating the Queen, and experiencing renewed persecutions 
from her, and from Floride, distressed him very much. At 
length he arrived; and all the people, overjoyed to see the 
immense quantity of valuables he had brought back with 
him, followed him with a thousand acclamations, the noise of 
vrhich reached the palace. 

The King could not believe in so extraordinary an event, 
and ran to the Queen, to inform her of it. She was at first 
quite thunderstruck, but afterwards recovered herself a little. 
"You see," said she, "that the gods protect him: he has 
fortunately succeeded, and I am not surprised that he under- 
takes that which appears impossible to others." As she 
uttered these words, she saw Fortun6 enter. He informed 
their majesties of the success of his journey, adding that the 
treasures were in the park, as there was so much golc* * 
and furniture^ there were no places su^cieiitl^ "^ 



._!_ 



508 BELLE-BELLE; OB, 

them ixL It is easy to believe that the King 
affection for so faithful, zealous, and channing a nIgeeL 

The proienoe of the Chevalier, and all the uliuujMleM 
aohieved, reopened the wound in the Queen's hear^ ihiM 
never been quite healed She thought him man Atamf 
than ever; and as soon as she wbs at liherbr to ugtii 
Floride, she recommenced her complainta. ^'TlioalMtaa 
what I have done to ruin him,** said she; '' I thoii|^itAi 
only moans of forgetting him. An unequalled fiutslifljUp 
hiiu book to me again ; and whatever reaaona I had to dflfV 
a man so much my inferior, and who returned my aflbolHl 
witli the bkckost ingratitude, I cannot help loving him 4 
and I am resolved to marry him privately." ^Ttt bM 
him P oriod Floride ; ** is it possible %  have 1 heard ij|^d|ff 
** Yoe,** n>pliod the Queen, '* thou hast heard mv intwtiHgj 
Uum must aid me. I desire thee to bring Fortnifi ili^ 
eviDuing to my chamber; I will myself dedate to what eMi 
uiylove for him will carry me." Floride, in despair at lMii|^ 
ohi^ieu to aiMist in forwarding the marriage of hor mirtni 
and hor lover, tried cveiy means to diasnade the Qaeeaftlf ] 
jkviui* Kim ; she ropresonted the Kmg^s anger, if he came  
v;:sv\noivvl this intriiruo ; that perhaps he would order the Che* 
x.viior u^ Iv oxooutovl, or at least condemn him to perpetual 
\v.r.n";Nv^r.:uont, and she would never see him more. All her 
cU\;vv';\vv was iu vain ; she saw the Queen was beginning to 
Iv .;'..i;v\ . --^ho had nothing, therefore, to do but obey her. 

S!io touuvl Fortune iu the gallery of the palace, where he 
wiis having tho golden statues arranged that he had brou^t 
t\vu\ Mata(vi. She told him to come in the evening to the 
\^^\Kvn, Tius order made him tremble. Floride perceived his 
vi\5it rv>s*. - Olu" aaid she, " how I pity you ! By what unludjj 
Cvto vlid ihe IVtnoes lose her heart to you ! Alas ! I knot 
x^tK' Ux iiiim^iainraa than hsn, that dare not declare itadt" 
T'ao I'K^'valWr vfm not anxioiis fiw another explanation, be 
b^Axi AArva4y ^^ OMlidi to endure; and as he did not sed^to 
r ^'t^ tW <^MB^ ha draaed himself very plainly, that dia 
mvgU; ih4 UMIMM be endeavoured to set himself off; bat 
tlu^'M^ y^ o.ukl dis 



pensQ with his dianaonds and his eor 
iM not get lid <^ his personal charms  ^hevtf 
'-rAble, whatever humour he was is* 



THE CHEVALIER FORTUNE, 509 

The Queen took great pains to heighten the lustre of her 
appea,rance by an extraordinary display of dress j she saw 
with pleasure that Fortun6 was astonished. " Appearances," 
said she, " are sometimes so deceitful, that I am delighted to 
justify myself from the charges you no doubt brought against 
me in your heart. When I induced the King to send you to 
the Emperor, it seemed as though my object was to destroy 
you. Nevertheless, depend upon it, handsome Chevalier, that 
1 knew all that would happen, and that I had no other view 
than your immortal honour." " Madam," said he, " you are 
too much above me to render it necessary you should con- 
descend to any explanation. I do not presume to inquire 
into the motives that induced you to act thus ; it was suffi- 
cient for me that I should obey the King." " You set too 
light a value on the explanation I wish to give you," added 
fihej **but the time has arrived to convince you of my 
fevour. Approach, Fortun6, approach ; receive my hand as a 
pledge of my feith." 

The poor Chevalier was more thunderstruck than anybody 
had ever been in the world. Twenty times he was on the 
point of declaring his sex to the Queen, but durst not do so, 
and only responded to her tokens of love by an excessive 
coldness of manner. He pointed out to her the numberless 
reasons for the King's anger, when he should hear that a sub- 
ject, in the midst of his Court, should have ventured to con- 
tract so important a marriage without his sanction. After the 
Queen had vaixily endeavoured to remove the obstacles that 
appeared to alarm him, she all at once assumed the voice and 
countenance of a fnry ; she flew into the most violent passion ; 
she threatened him with a thousand punishments ; she loaded 
him with abuse; she fought and scratched him; and then, 
turning her rage upon herself she tore her hair, made her 
fuse and throat bleed, rent her veil and her lace ; then crying 
out, ^'Helt), guards !  ^help 1" called them into her chamber, 
and commanded them to fling that wretch into some dungeon ; 
and ran herself to the King, to demand reparation for the 
violence of that young moiister. 

She told her brother, that for some time past he had had 
the audacity to declare his passion for her, that in the hope 

that ti: "verity towards him, might h*' '^d 

iaip" 'ipportunity to psisa oH  



ft* 








tt^rf^ liM MfUr. But, iJm! i^Kn 

I// itii^til-^ivtm u mfgadtmaa wbc 

im; i/mn/ t/ttrm in hm Wfrioe, to 

pmim. MM nil hb tnsMurei^ftiid ixwham be 

ftfl'M*iM/ii, Im w</uld hare giTen half bk life to 

l)N <lmr fttVoiiriU), Ho reprefented to the Quefln 

Im liHii twiiii t4> him, the lemoet be had randflnad -Om Vaf 



VOffXt 



I 



li'iilh Tlin Kiiit<, fliHlInt^ ho could not possibly avoid having 
liint (iIimI, u|)|Miinl(Ml tho mildest and most tender-hearted 
)thl(>i>M, III hopiiH tlioy would visit the offence as light as 

Hut ho WMi mUUkon in his conjectures; the judges were 
\\s\ tMiUhhwhii^t thc^ir n>put4\tion at the expense of this unfor- 
k\\mU> )Mih\iir; muI aa it was an af&ir that would make 
i\\^^^h www in Um^ Yr<v[i) thov armed themselves with the 
>^^\\>siit M^V^^r^Alhl <^u\^mtilNl Fortun6 without deigning 
^N KiNM' M^ ilk iMltiMkV waiSk that he should be stabbed 
lh^>/^ t)i^M#* K^ iW WnM with a pcvigTard, because it was bis 

tV <t^|rfr  lfclM IU <il Uwt w>ltic<- ag thcwgh it badbeei 

vsi^vAst ^|^^ MiMilfet; W Ualk^h^a aiU t^ judges who bad 

>>^t ^ lum <|im!UI >ii^9 ftw his bc;ioT<tid Fortun;^ and 



.is*' 



>>: 



tt-' J^TnN?wtte justice, ttii 
fc'  Tw "wa^ sinpiiist.^ she 



THE CHEVALIER FORTUNE. 511 

the Queen triumphed in the punishment he was to suffer  
her eyes thirsting for blood demanded that of her illustrious 
victim. The King renewed his intercessions, but they only 
served to exasperate her. At length, the day fixed for this 
terrible execution arrived. They came to lead the Chevalier 
rom the prison in which they had placed him, and where he 
had been living without a single person in the world to speak 
to. He was therefore ignorant of what crime the Queen had 
accused him, and merely imagined it some new persecution 
his indifference to her had brought upon him; and that 
which distressed him the most was, that he believed the 
.King participated with the Princess in her rage against him. 
Horide, inconsolable at seeing the situation in which her lover 
was placed, took a most violent resolution, which was to poison 
the Queen and herself if Fortun6 should be doomed to a cruel 
death. From the moment she knew the sentence, despair 
seized her; she thought but of how to put her intentions 
into effect. The poison she procured, however, was not as 
powerful as she desired, for although she had given it to the 
Queen, that Princtas, not feeling the effects of it, caused the 
charming Cheralier to be brought into the great square of 
the palace, that the execution might take plafe in her pre- 
-aenoe. The exeoutioners brought him from his dimgeon 
Aocoiding to their custom, and led him like a tender kmb 
to the alaiighter. The first object that struck his sight was 
the Queen in her chariot, who coidd not be too near him, 
wishing if possible that his blood might spurt out upon her. 
The King shut himself up in his chamber, that he might 
lament unoheoked the &te of his beloved feivourite. 

When they had tied Fortun6 to the stake, they tore off 
his robe and his vest to pierce his heart, but what was the 
astonishment of this numerous assembly, when they unco- 
vered the alabaster bosom of Belle-belle ! Everybody saw it 
was an innocent girl, unjustly accused. The Queen was so 
agitated and confused at such a sight that the poison began 
to take extraordinary effect. She fell into long convulsions, 
 -^ '^h she only recovered to utter agonising lamenta- 

:!iiy unhiLppy wretch is sentenced to death he is not spared, 

y lie liiscDvercd, and made as clear as noonday; but his judges 

Ut:- ]i\ fncc, which in my mind i* a poor cofMOto(<o." Letter 

Marcii b, 1U7U. 



512 BLLE-fiLLE; OB, 

tions. The people who loved Fortun6 had already given her 
her libertv. Thev ran to announce this wonderfal nevs to 
the King, who had abandoned himself to the deepest giieC 
Joy now took the place of sorrow; he ran into the squaie, 
and was delighted to perceive Fortunes transfonnadon. 

The last sighs of the Queen somewhat subdued his raptures, 
but when he reflected upon her malice he could not regret 
her. He resolved to marry BeDe-belle, to repay her for the 
great obligations he was under to her. and declared his in- 
tentions to her. It is easy to believe she wras at the hei^ 
of her wishes, not so much for the sake of the crown as for 
the soke of so worthy a monarch, and one for whom she had 
so long entertained the greatest aflection. 

The day being fixed for celebrating the King's marriage, 
Belle-belle reassumed her female attire, and appeared a thou- 
sand times more chvming than in the garb of the Chevalier. 
She consulted her horse, as to her future adventures, and 
he promised her nothing but what would be agreeable; and 
in gratitude for all the good services he had done her, she 
had a stable built for him of ebony and ivoiy. and there was 
nothins: meaner than a satin mat trass for him to lie down on. 
As for her seven followers, they were rewarded in proportion 
to tboir services. Comrade, however, disappeared ; thev 
aiTiio and told Belle-belle. This loss distressed the Queen, 
for she adored him : she ordered her horse to be sought for 
iu evorv direction, which thev did in vain for three whole 

ii:\vs : the fourth dav she was so uceasv. she was obliixed to 
. * *  ^ 

rise before it was licrht. She descended into the garden, tra- 
verse i the wooi. a::.! entered a Lirsre meadow, callinir. firom 
time to time. "Comrade! mv dear Comrade I what has be- 
cor.ie of you   have you deserted me \ I still require ycir 
sap? advice: come back, come back, and ;rive it niel'' As 
she th.us s'ooke, she suidenlv ivrceived a second sun risiiii: 
in the west, she stoptvvi to admire this prc-digy: her astonish- 
meut was without bounds to see it advancing towards her bv 
d^jeos, and in the course of a few minutest to reeojmise 
her horse, whose trappiu^ were all covered with jewels." and 
who yrau.vd Knore a chLvrl:t of pearls and topazes, which was 
drawn by tweuty-f:vj: sheep : their wool was of gold thread 
nd purl.^ exceeviingly brilliant ; their traces were of crimson 



I - 



THE GHEYAUEB lOBTUNJ. 618 

7ered with emeralds ; and their horns and ears were 
ted with carbuncles. Belle-belle recognised in the 
he Fairy her protectress, accompanied by the Count, 
)r, and her two sisters, who called out to her, dapping 
ids, and making affectionate signs to her intinnating 
rhad come to her wedding; She thought she should 
joy; she knew not what to do, or to say, to prove her 
She placed herself in the chariot, and this pompous 
entered the palace, where everything had already 
jpared to celebrate the grandest ceremony whiou 
.ke place in the kingdom. Tkua the enamoored 
ited his fate to that of his mistress, and this charm* 
dture has passed from age to age down to the one we 



The lion upon Lybia's burning plain, 
Press'd by the hunter, gall'd by counftess darta. 
May less be dreaded than that woman vain. 
Who sees her channs despised, and fi^'d her arts. 

Poison and steel axe triiles in her eyes. 
As agents of her voigeance and her hate ; 
The dire effects that from such passiims rise 
You have beheld in Fortune's strange fste. 

The change to Belle-belle saved the guiltless ftir, 
And struck her royal persecutor down. 
Heaven makes the innocent its special care, 
And vice defeating, virtue loves to crown. ^ 



le D'Aulnoy has in this instance certainly appended a very common-place 
!ry original story. The first four lines are. a weak elaboration of the 
English couplet  

 Heaven has no rage like love to hatred tum'd, 
Nor Hell a fury like a woman scom'd." 

CovQKKVit,' Mourning Bride, 



LL 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 



Onoe upon a time there was a King and a Queen, wk 
loved each other so dearly, that they served as an ezamfde to 
all their wedded suhjects ; and it would have surprised any 
one to find a disunited &mil j in their kingdom, which im 
called the Kingdom of Deserts. 

The Queen had had several children, but they had all died 
except a daughter, whose beauty was so great, that if any- 
thing could have consoled her for the loss of the others^ it 
would have been the charms that distinguished the survivor. 
The King and Queen educated her as their only hope; but 
the happiness of the royal family was of short duration. The 
King being out hunting one day on a skittish horse, the 
animal took fright at some shots that were fired, and started 
off with him like lightning. The King endeavoured to pull 
him up as he was approaching the brink of a precipice ; he 
reared and fell with the King under him, who received such 
severe injury, that he died before any of his suite could 
come up to his assistance. 

The fatal intelligence reduced the Queen to the greatest 
extremity. She could not control her grief ; she felt it was 
too violent for her to attempt resisting its effects ; and thought 
only of settling the affairs of the kingdom in such a manner, 
that she might die in peace as far as regarded the future 
welfere of her daughter. She had a fidend who was called 
the Sovereign Fairy, because she had great authority over all 
empires, and was exceedingly skilful. She wrote to her, with 
her dying hand, to express her desire to breathe her last in 
the Fairy's arms; to tell her that she must come quickly if 
she wished to see her once more alive, and that she had 
something of consequence to say to her. 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 615 

Though the Fairy was extremely busy, she left everything 
she was about, and, getting into her fieiy chariot, which went 
fiuster than the sun, she came to the Queen, who was im- 
patiently awaiting her. She consulted the Fairy on several 
matters touching the regency of the kingdom, begging her 
1 to accept it, and take charge of the little I^cess Constancia. 
'^ If anything,*' she added, " can calm the anxiety I feel at 
leaving her an orphan at so early an age, it is the hope that 
you will prove the friendship which you have always mani- 
fested for me by extending it to my child ; that she will find 
in you a mother, who has the power of rendering her much 
more happy and perfect than I could have done, and that 
you, will select a husband for her so charming, that she will 
nevr love anybody but him." " Great Queen," said the 
Fairy, *^ thou desirest nothing that thou art not justified in 
desinng, and 1 will neglect no means of befriending thy 
daughter ; but I have cast her nativity, and it appears as if 
Fate, angry with Nature for having exhausted aU her trea- 
sures in the formation of the Princess, had resolved to 
make her suffer; and thy royal Majesty must be aware, that 
I>e8tiny pronounces some sentences so imperatively, that it 
is impossible to evade their execution." ** At least," rejoined 
the Queen, '^ alleviate her misfortxmes, and do all in your 
power to prevent them. By vigilant attention, the greatest 
evils may sometimes be avoided." The Sovereign Faiiy 
promised to do all she desired; and the Queen, having em- 
braced her dear Constancia a hundred times over, expired in 
tolerable tranquillity. 

The Fairy read the stars as easily as we do the new stories 
-that every day issue fi*om the press. She saw that the Prin- 
cess was threatened with the fatal love of a giant, whose 
dominions were not fer distant from the Kingdom of Deserts. 
She was fully aware that it was above all things necessary to 
avoid him, and she saw no better mode of doing so, than by 
concealing her dear ward at some extreme comer of the earth, 
80 far distant from the territory over which the Giant ruled, 
that there would be little probability of his coming to trouble 
their repose. 

As soon as the Sovereign Fairy had selected ministers 
capable of governing the state she intended to confi*'* ' 
them, and had established such excellent la^B, >i)ckad^ 

LL 2 



516 THE HGBON AlO) THS BOYS. 

sages of Greece oould not liave devised any oompazftbb to 
thorn, she entered, one night, the ohamber of Coostnidi^ 
and without waking her, carried her off on her fieiy osmfllto 
a fertile country, where people lived without amlntioii or 
trouble; it was a real valley of Temp^ where no one wMto 
be found but shepherds and shepherdeoMei, who dwdtis 
cottages of their own construction. 

The Fairy was aware, that if the PrinoesB passed rixtMt 
years without seeing the Qiant, she had only to retom it 
triumph to her Ismgdom: but that if he set eyes on la 
soon^^ she would be exposed to great suffiaringa. The mj, 
therefore, took every precaution to conceal the Princess ftm 
the sight of everybody, and that she might appear lees hair 
some, she dressed her like a shepherdess, with coane en 
always pulled over her forehead ; but as the anm darfci n 
long rays of light through the cloud that envelopes jt, tia 
lovely princess could not be so shrouded but that some of 
her charms must be observable ; and notwithstanding a]l the 
Fairy's care, Constancia was spoken of as a master^pieoe d 
the gods, that enchanted all hearts. Her beauly was not ti 
only thing that rendered her a wonder ; the Sovereign Eun 
had endowed her with so admirable a voice, and such skill 
in touching any instrument she &ncied playing on, that 
without having ever been taught music, she was capable of 
giving lessons to the Muses, and even to celestial Apollo him- 
self : she was not dull, therefore, in her solitude. The Fairy 
had explained to her the reasons she had for bringing her up 
in such obscurity. As she had great good sense, she compre- 
hended them so perfectly, that her protectress was astonii^ed 
that any one so young could display so much docility and 
intelligence. She had not visited the Kingdom of Deserts 
for some months, as it was always painful for her to leave the 
Princess; but her presence there bad become necessary, as 
they only acted by her orders, and the ministers were not 
equally attentive to their duties. She departed, therefore, 
strictly advising Constancia to lock herself up until she 
should return. 

The &ir Princess had a little ram she was very fond of. 
She amused herself with making garlands of flowers for him, 
or sometimes with dressing him up with bows of riband; she 
called him Buson, He was more intelligent than any of his 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 517 

companions. He knew the voice, and undei*stood the com- 
mands of his mistress, and obeyed her implicitly. " Rnson," 
ahe would say to him, " fetch me my spindle j" he would run 
into her room, and bring it to her immediately, cutting a 
thousand capers. He frisked about her, he would eat 
nothing but the herbs she gathered for him, and would rather 
baye died with thirst, than drink anywhere except out of the 
hollow of her hand. He would shut the door, beat time 
when, she sang, and bleat in time. Euson was charming; 
Kuson was beloved ; Constancia talked to him eternally, and 
lavished on him a thousand caresses. 

, Notwithstanding all this, a pretty ewe in the neighbour- 
hood was not less agreeable to Euson than his mistress. 
Sheep are but sheep, and the meanest ewe was, in Euson's 
eyes, more beautiful than the mother of love. Constancia 
often reproached him for his gallantries. *' Little libertine," 
said she to him, " canst thou not stay with me ? Thou art so 
dear to me that I neglect all my flock for thee, and yet thou 
wilt not forsake that sorry ewe to please me." She tied him 
up with a chain of flowers, at which he seemed very much 
vexed, and pulled and pulled till he broke it. " Ah !" said 
Constancia, augrily, to him, " The Fairy has often told me 
that men are wilful as thou art ; that they cannot endure the 
slightest constraint, and are the most refractory creatures in 
the world. Since thou wouldst be like them, naughty Euson, 
Go, find thy beautiful beast of a ewe ! If the wolf devour 
thee, devoured thou must be; I may not be able to help 
thee." 

The amorous ram paid no attention to the advice of Con- 
stancia. Having been all day long with his dear ewe, close 
by the cottage in which the Princess sat alone at her work, 
she suddenly heard him bleat so loudly and pitifully, that 
she felt sure some fatal accident had happened to him. She 
rose in great agitation^ looked out, and saw a wolf carrying 
off poor Euson. She no longer thought of all the Fairy had 
said to her at parting. She ran after the robber, crying, 
"A wolf! A wolf!" She pursued him, flinging stones, and 
even her crook, at him without making him quit his prey; 
but alas ! in passing near a wood, there came out of it another 
sort of wolf  a horrible giant ! At the sight of this dreadful 
colossus, the Princess, paralyzed with fright, raised her eyes 



518 THE HOEOIT AND THE DOYE. 

to heaven for succour, and prajed the earth to open and 
swallow her. Neither earth nor heaven listened to her 
prayer ; she deserved to be punished for not having obejed 
the Sovereign Fairy. 

The Giant spread out his arms to prevent her passings bok 
terrible and furious as he was, he felt the effect of her beiotj. 
** What rank boldest thou amongst the goddesses f sudiM^ 
in a voice louder than thunder. " For think not I can bo 
mistaken ;  thou arfc no mortal Tell me but thj nuiM^ 
and if thou art the daughter or the wife of Jupiter f Who 
are thy brothers? What are thy sisters t I have long sou^ 
for a goddess to make her my wife, and happily I have now 
met with thee!** The Princess felt tongue-tied with tenor: 
the accents died away upon her lips. 

As he found she made no answer to his gallant questiooB, 
"For a divinity," said he, *' thou hast but little wit;* and 
without more words he opened a great sack and flung ha 
into it. 

The first thing she saw at the bottom of it was the wicked 
wolf and the poor ram; the giant had amused himself by 
catching them. <^ Thou wilt die with me, m j dear Rusoo,' 
said she, kissing him. " *Tis a poor consolation ; it would be 
much better if we could escape together." 

This sad reflection made her weep bitterly ; she sobbed and 
sighed aloud. Ruson bleated; the wolf howled; this noise 
awoke a dog, a cat, a cock, and a parrot, who had been 
all asleep, and they began in their turn to make a frantic noise. 
Here was a strange uproar in the Giant's game-bag. At last, 
being tired rith hearing them, he determined to kill them all; 
but on second thoughts, contented himself with tying the 
mouth of the sack and throwing it on the top of a tree, after 
having marked it, that he might know where to look for his 
spoil again. He was on his road to fight a duel with another 
giant, and all this outcry displeased him. 

The Princess felt sure that, let him but have taken a step or 
two, he was already a long way off"; for a horse at fuU speed 
could not overtake him when he was but sauntering. She 
drew out her scissors and cut the cloth of the sack, then let 
out her dear Ruson, the dog, the cat, the cock, and the 
parrot ; and lastly got out herself, leaving the wolf behind, 
to punish him for eating poor little sheep. The night was very 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. Bl6 

dark; it was strange for her to find herself alone, in the midst 
of a forest, without knowing which way to turn her steps; 
not being able to catch a glimpse of earth or sky, and dread- 
ing eveiy instant to meet the Giant again. 

She walked as fast as she could, and would have &llen 
a hundred times over, but the animals she had set at liberty, 
-grateful for the favour they had received at her hands, would 
not forsake her, and were very serviceable to her on her 
journey. The cat's eyes were so bright that they lighted her 
like a flambeau; the dog by 'his barking acted as sentinel; 
the cock crowed to frighten the lions ; ^ the parrot chattered 
80 loudly, that, to hear him, you would have thought twenty 
people were talking together  so that the robbers slunk away 
and left the road free for the passage of our fair traveller ; and 
the ram, walking a little in advance of her, preserved her from 
tumbling into some great holes, which he had considerable 
difficulty himself in scrambling out of. 

Constancia walked at random, recommending herself to 
her good friend the Fairy, from whom she hoped to receive 
some assistance, although she reproached herself severely for 
not having obeyed her commands ; but sometimes she feared 
she was forsaken by her. She would have been very glad if 
chance could have led her back to the cottage in which 
she had been secretly brought up ; but, as she knew not the 
way, she did not venture to flatter herself that anything but 
an especial interposition of Providence could procure her that 
happiness. 

She found herself at daybreak on the bank of a river that 
watered one of the most agreeable meadows in the world. She 
looked about her, and saw neither dog, nor cat, nor cock, nor 
parrot ; Ruson was her sole remaining companion. 

"Alas ! where am II" said she: "ITiis beautiful spot is un- 
known to me. What will become of me? Who will protect meT 
Ah ! little ram, how dearly hast thou cost me ! If I had not 
run after thee, I should still be with the Sovereign Fairy, 
I should neither be in fear of the Giant nor of any unfortunater 
adventure.'* Ruson seemed to tremble as he listened to her, 
and to be aware of his f&vlt. At last the Princess, weary and 
depressed, left off chiding him, and seated herself beside the 

(1) Ancient naturalists entertained the idea that the lion was excessively terrified 
\)y the crowing of a cock. 



520 THE PIGEON AND THE 1X)7. 

"water; and as she was very tired, and the shade of aerenl 
trees protected her from the heat of the sun^ her eyes ckeai 
gently, her head sank on the grass, and she fell into a deep 
dumher. 

She had no one to guard her hut the faithftil Ruson. Sud- 
denly he trod upon her, and pulled her; and what was her 
astonishment on waking, to perceive, about twenty paces from 
her, a young man behind some bushes, where he had hidden 
himself to see without being seen. The beauty of his form 
and face, the nobleness of his manner, and the magnificence of 
his dress so surprised the Princess, that she rose hastily, vitk 
the intention of hurrying away. I know not what secret spell 
arrested her flight She cast a timid glance on the stranger; 
the Giant had scarcely caused her so much alarm ; but fear 
arises from various causes. The looks and actions of this 
youthful pair sufficiently indicated the sentiments with which 
they had already inspired each other. 

They would have remained, perhaps, a long time without 
speaking, except with their eyes, if the Prince had not heard 
the sound of horns, and the cry of the hounds approaching. He 
saw that the Princess was astonished at it. *' Fear nothing; 
beautiful shepherdess," said he to her ; " you are safe in this 
spot: would to Heaven those who see you here were equally so." 

" ^ly Lord," said she, " I implore your protection. I am a 
poor orphan, who has no other course left her but to become 
a shepherdess. Obtain for me the charge of a flock ; I will 
tend it most carefully. ** " Happy will be the sheep," said he 
smiling, " that you lead to the pastures ; but in short, lovely 
shepherdess, if you desire it, I wiU speak to the Queen, my 
mother, and shall feel delighted to begin from this day to 
render you all the service in my power." " Ah, my Lord," 
said Constancia, " I crave your pardon for the liberty I have 
taken ; I should not have dared so much had I known your 
lunk," 

The Prince heard her with the utmost astonishment. He 

mscoyered in her, great intelligence and polished manners. 

Nothing could accord better with her exquisite beauty ; but 

>wthing could be less expected from the plainness of her attire, 

fcf condition of a shepherdess. He even endeavoured to 

* *o make choice of some other employment " Have 

t" said he, " that you expose yourself to pass the 




I 






1 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 521 

ly all alone in a wood, or on some downs, with no company 
it your simple sheep? Will the delicate bearing I remark in 
>u accommodate itself to such solitude? Who knows, bo- 
des, if the &me of your charms, when it shall spread through 
le coimtry, will not attract to you a thousand importunate 
>Ters? I, myself, adorable shepherdess, will leave the court 
3 foUow you, and what I do, others will do also.** 

*' Cease, my Lord," said she, "to flatter me by praises so far 
>eyond my desert. I was bom in a village ; I have never 
nown any other than a rustic life, and I hope you will allow 
ae quietly to keep the Queen's sheep, if she wiU deign to confide 
hem to my care. I would even beseech her to place me under 
lome more experienced shepherdess, and then, as I should be 
dways with her, it is quite certain I should never feel dull." 

The Prince was prevented from replying; his attendants 
appeared on the brow of a little hilL " I leave you, charming 
creature," he cried, hurriedly; "I cannot allow so many to 
share the happiness I enjoy in beholding you. Go to the end 
of this meadow; you will find a house there, in which you 
may dwell in safety, if you say you come from me." Con- 
sfcancia, who would have been much troubled at finding 
herself in such a numerous company, hastened towards the 
spot to which Constancio (such was the Prince's name) had 
directed her. 

He followed her with his eyes; he sighed tenderly, and, 
mounting his horse, placed himself at the head of his .com- 
pany, and discontinuing the chace, returned to the palace. 
He found the Queen exceedingly irritated against an old 
shepherdess, who had given her a very bad accoimt of her 
lambs. After the Queen had well scolded her, she ordered 
her never to appear in her presence again. 

This was a favourable opportunity for Constancio ; he told 
his mother he had met a young girl who was very desirous of 
enteriDg her service, that she looked like a careful person, 
and did not seem mercenary. The Queen was much pleased 
with her son's account of this shepherdess ; she accepted her 
offer vdthout seeing her, and desired the Prince to give orders 
for her to be sent, with the rest, to the pastures belonging to 
^ crown. He was enchanted that the Qwe^YL d\%"^^w^^$>L ^\Ovv 
ppearance of the shepherdess at tlae T^2i\ac^. C,^x\ai>xOc>^is^ 
alous feelings made him appre\ienBi\ft oixv^^iJ^i^^^ 



523 THB naioN ahd thm dov& 

ff^nHing there irere none who oonld dufmie with hifn, dAit 
in rank or in merit In point 6i fiwt he wm- lam ateid rf 
the noblei than of the hnmUer penona about the eoai1 mi 
iniagined her moie likd J to take a finoj to a ana|da dNphvi 
than to a iHrinoe who was ao near to the tfaroiie. ItwedULlia 
difficult to reoonnt all the lefleetiona to which this gaie im 
How he reproached his heart  that heart mbkik till aov had 
never lend, whidi had never thoii^ any one werthj rf 
him, had now bestowed itaelfon a girl of BaehobMniecEigh 
that he eonld never own his pasion without a blnh. fle 
determined to straggle with it; and, persoading himaeif that 
abeenoe was an nnfailing remed j, partiealarly in the ease d 
a dawning tdSoatian, he avoided the ai^ of the ahepiierdeHL 
He followed his &voaiite amnaement 6i hnnting^ and oHht 
sports. Wherever he cao^ si^t of sheep^ he tamed IkDm 
them as thoa^^ they had been aerpeiiis; ao thatt^ aftv aoow 
little time the wound he had zeeeived appeavad leas paiaU 
to him. But on one of the hottest of tibe dog-daji^ Oqb- 
stanoio^ fiitigaed byalongron withthehoonda^ finding hiitt' 
adf on the banks oi the river^ followed its oonrae under Urn 
slttde of the lote-trees,^ tiiat mixed their bfanchea with the 
wfllows, and rendered tiiis spot as oool as it was lovely. He 
foil into a profound reverie; he was alone, and he thon^t no 
longer of all those who were waiting for him ; when suddenij 
he was struck b j the charming tones of a voioe, which seemed 
to him celeetiaL He stopped to listen, and was not a little 
surpriaed to hear these woids :  

" Alas! I had rowed I would Ure withoat Lore, 
Bat peitared the God has resolTed I should prove, 
I fed io nqr hosom his torturing dait, 
Constaacio, master he makes of my heart ! 

** When wearr with himtiiiK, opfraas'd hj tibe heat. 
He sought the cool shade of this tranqnfl retreat, 
Methooght, as I hceathlessly gaaed on him there. 
My eyes ne'er had Siaitftl on Tisioa ao Ihir. 

** Mate, modonkas, lost, hi that moment ofhlisa, 
Tte treafdwrooa aidMr his mark coold not miss ; 
Too sweet is the pain that I since hare endored, 
I joy in a woond that can nercr he eared.** 

His curiosity |Hrevailed over the pleasore he experienced in 
listening to so sweet a voice; he advanced quickly. He had 

(I) See note, page S8. 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 523 

-^ught the name of Constancio; but though it was his own, 

L might be that of a shepherd as well as of a prince ; and he 
\\as therefore uncertain, whether it was for him, or for some 
other, those yerses had been composed. He had scarcely 
Liiounted a little eminence, covered with trees, when he per- 
wtiived, at ihe foot of it, the lovely Constanoia; she was seated 
.jy the side of a streamlet, the rapid fall of which caused so 

.^p'eeable a sound, that it appeared as if intended to har- 
monise with her voice. Her &.ithful ram crouched on the 
^rasa^ kept, like the &vourite of the flock, much closer to her 

ban any of the others. Constancia gave him occasionally 
'ittle taps with her crook, caressing him with childish aflec- 
'ion; and every time she touched him, he kissed her hand, 

.nd looked up in her &ce with eyes beaming with intelli- 
jenoe. " Ah ! how happy wouldst thou be," said the Prince, 
in an undertone, " if thou didst but know the value of the 
caresses lavished on thee !" Surely, this shepherdess is more 
heaatiful than when I first saw her. Love ! Love ! what 
Tvonldst thou with me ) Ought I to love her ? or, rather, am 
I longer in a condition to resist it ? I have studiously avoided 
her, because I knew full well the danger of seeing her. Ye 
gods ! what emotions did I not suffer from the first ! Reason 
eflKiyed to help me, and I fled so enchanting an object. Alas ! 
I nieet with her but to hear her sing of the happy youth she 
hM ohooen !" 

Whilst he thus meditated, the shepherdess rose to collect 
her flock, a^d drive them into another meadow, where she 
bad left her companions. The Prince feared to lose this 
opportunity of speaking to her; he advanced towards her 
eagerly. '* Charming shepherdess," said he to her, '' will you 
not allow me to ask, if the little service I have rendered you 
has given you some gratification ?" At the sight of the Prince, 
Constancia blushed; her cheeks became tinged with the 
deepest crimson. *' My Lord," said she to him, " I should 
have taken care to offer you my very humble thanks, if it 
could have befitted a poor girl like me to approach a Prince 
like you; but though I have not done so, heaven is my wit- 
ness that I am not ungrateful for your kindness, and that I 
'-rnv the gods to crown your days with happiness." " Con- 
. "i," replied he, "if it be true that my endeavours to 
.J yviU !  ' inspired you with so much gc^titw^ 



B24 THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 

profess, it is easy for you to prove it to me." *' Ah, wbat 
can I possibly do for you, my LordT inquired Constanda, 
eagerly. " You can tell me," added he, " to whom the words 
applied which I have just heard you sing." " As they are not 
mine," she answered, " it would be difl&cult for me to give 
you any information on that subject" While she spoke, he 1 
examined her countenance nan'owly; he saw she blushed, I 
that she was confused, and kept her eyes fixed on the ground. 
*' Why would you conceal your feelings from me, Constanda 1" 
said he. '* Your &Lce betrays the secret of your heart  ^you 
love !" He paused, and riveted his glances still more earnestly 
upon her. " My Lord," said she, " that which interests me so 
little deserves the attention of a great Prince; and I am so 
unused to talking while I tend my dear sheep, that I be- 
seech you to pardon me if I do not answer your questions." 
She made so hasty a retreat, that he had not time to stop her. 

Jealousy will sometimes rekindle the torch of Love. The 
Prince's passion at this moment burst into such a flame, that 
nothing could ever extinguish it. He discovered a thousand 
graces in that young maiden which he had not remarked the 
first time he saw her. The manner in which she had left him, 
convinced him as much as her words that she was partial to 
some shepherd ; a deep melancholy took possession of his 
soul. He dared not follow her, great as was his anxiety 
to renew the couversatiou. He flung himself upon the spot 
she had just quitted, and after recalling to his memory the 
verses he had heard her sing, he wrote them down in his 
tablets, and examined them carefully. " It is only within 
these few days,'' said he, '* she has seen this Constancio, who 
so occupies her thoughts. Must I bear the same name, and 
K> so fiu: from his good fortune ? How coldly she looked on 
me! slie seemed more indifferent to-day than when I first 
met with her. Her chief care was to find some pretext for 
leaving me.'* These thoughts afflicted him deeply, for he 
could not comprehend how a simple shepherdess could be so 
ittdifiw&nt to a powerful prince. 

Aa soon as he returned to the palace, he sent for a youth 
wlio WM his compmion in all his pleasures ; he was of high 

*K Had very amiable. He ordered him to assume the 

 * shepherd, obtain a floc\^, and lead it every day to 

i8tures, in order to observe Constancia without 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 525 

being suspected by her. Mirtain (so was the young gentle- 
man named) was too anxious to please his master to neglect 
an opportunity of so doing in a matter which appeared so 
much to interest him. He promised to obey his commands 
to the hest of his ability; and the very next morning he was 
ready to proceed to the pastures. The keeper of them would 
not have admitted him, had he not produced an order from 
the Prince, in which it was stated that he was the Prince's 
shepherd, and had charge of his flock. 

He was immediately permitted to mix with the rural com- 
pany. He was very gallant, and easily succeeded in making 
himself agreeable to the shepherdesses generally ; but with 
regard to Constancia, he found she possessed a spirit so fox 
above what she appeared to be, that he could not reconcile 
the existence of so much beauty, wit, and merit with the rude 
and countiy life she led. It was in vain he followed her ; he 
always found her alone in the depths of the forest, singing 
abstractedly. He observed no shepherd venture to attempt 
to please her; it seemed to be too difficult a task. Mirtain 
made that great attempt himself; he courted her assiduously, 
and learned from his own experience that she declined form- 
ing any engagement. Every evening he reported to the 
Prince the state of affairs; all the information he gave him 
had only the effect of distracting him. "Do not deceive 
yourself, my Lord," said Mirtain one day to him ; " if this 
beautiful girl does love, it must be some one in her own 
country." " If that were the case," said the Prince, " would 
she not return to it 1" " How do we know," rejoined Mirtain, 
'' that she has not some reasons which prevent her returning 
to her native landl She may have quarrelled with her 
lover." " Alas 1 " exclaimed the Prince, " she sang with too 
much tenderness the words I heard." " It is a fact," con- 
tinued Mirtain, "that all the trees are covered with the 
initials of their names ; and as no one seems to please her in 
these parts, some one undoubtedly must have done so else- 
-where." "Ascertain," said the Prince, "her sentiments for 
me. Speak well or ill of me, thou mayest in some measure 
arrive at what she thinks of me." 

Mirtain fuled not to find an opportunity to speak to Con- 
45tancia. " What ails you, fair shepherdess ?" said he to her ; 
^'you appear melancholy, notwithstanding all the reasons you 



526 THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 

have to bo more joyous tnan any other." '' And what 
do you consider I have for being joyous 1" she inquired. 'I 
am reduced to tend sheep, far from my own land, heun% 
nothing of my relations: is all this bo veiy agreeaUet" 
''No,** replied Mirtain; ''but you are the most chanmng 
person in the world : you have much wit^ yon sing e^ 
quisitely, and nothing can be compared to jour beraty* 
'* Supposing I possessed all these adyantageB, they wooM be 
of little value to me/' said she, heaving a deep sigiL ** Nay, 
then," said Mirtain, ''you are ambitious; you believe one 
must be bom to a throne, or descended from the gods, to 
live happily. Ah ! undeceive yourself; I serve Piinoe Gon- 
stancio, and, notwithstanding the disparity of our rank, I am 
frequently permitted to approach him. I have studied faiin; 
I can see what is passing in his mind, and I know that he is 
fiur frx>m happy." " And what disturbs his peace f " said the 
Princess. " A fJEital passion," continued Mirtain. " He is in 
love !" exclaimed Constancia^ with an air of anxiety. Alas! 
how I pity him ! But what am I saying?" she continned, 
blushing deeply : "he is too amiable not to be beloved." 
'* He dares not so much flatter himself fiur shepherdesB^" 
said Mirtain ; " but if you would kindly assure him of that 
fi\ct, he would have more faith in your words than in those of 
any other." " It would not befit me,'* said she, " to meddle 
in tlie atliurs of a great prince. Those of which you speak 
are too delicate for me to think of entering upon. Adieu, 
Mirtain," she added, quitting him hastily : *' rf you would 
oblivro me. you will speak no more to me about your Prince, 
or his amoiu^" 

She hurried away, greatly agitated She could not have 
Ivon in^^usiblo to the merits of the Prince; her first meeting 
with him liad never Iven efiaced firom her mind, and but for 
the seoTCt sj^ll which detained her despite herself^ it is 
cortaiu she would have risked everything to find once more 
the Sovoi^icn Fairy. We might, indeed, feel surprised that 
that skilful person, who knew everything, did not fly to her 
wbtaiw^ : but i: no logger depended upon her to do sa 
W>in the moraen: the Gi-in: had met the Princess,, the latter 
^s wbjiK^ted to the induenc* of the stars for a certain period: 
W dettiny had to be fulfiHed; so that the Fairy was 
^ ^ W contented with going to see her occasionally in 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOYE. 527 

a sunbeam. Constancia's eyes were not able to look at it 
steadily enough to discover her protectress in it 

The eharming girl had observed, with some mortification, 

that the Prince had neglected her so completely, that he 

might never have seen her again, had not chance led him to 

l^e spot where she was singing. She endeavoured to stifle 

her inclination for him ; and if it be possible to love and hate 

a person at the same time, I may say she hated him because 

she loved him too well 1 How many tears did she shed in 

secret ! Ruson was the only witness of them ; to him she 

frequently confided her sorrows, as if he were capable of 

understanding her; and when he frisked about the fields 

with the ewes, she would say to him," Beware, Ruson !  

beware ! Let not love inflame thy heart ; of all evils, 'tis the 

greatest: and shouldst thou love, and not be loved in return, 

poor little ram, what wouldst thou do !" 

These reflections were followed by a thousand reproaches, 
which she heaped upon herself for cherishing an affection for 
a Prince who manifested so much indiEerence for her. She 
had determined to forget him, when she accidentally found 
him in that pleasant spot, to which he had retired to muse 
uninterruptedly on the lovely shepherdess he avoided. Sleep 
had stolen upon him, and he had stretched himself on the 
grass. She saw him, and her aflection for him received fresh 
force. She could not resist stringing together the words 
which had caused so much anxiety to the Prince ; but what 
did she not suffer in her turn, when Mirtain informed her 
that Constancio was in love ! All the command she could 
exercise over herself could not prevent her frequently change 
ing colour. Mirtain, who had his reasons for observing her, 
noticed and was delighted at it, and hastened to report what 
had passed to his master. 

The Prince was much less inclined to flatter himself than 
his confidant was. He saw nothing but indifference in the 
conduct of the shepherdess. He attributed it to the happy 
Constancio whom she loved, and the next morning he went in 
search of her. The instant she perceived him, she flew from 
him as though she had seen a tiger or a lion. Flight was the 
only remedy she could imagine for her pain. Ever since her 
conversation with Mirtain she felt she ought to neglect no 



528 TU PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 

means of tearing the Prince from her heart, and that the (nil} 1 1^ 
hope of doing so lay in her avoiding the sight of him. 

Wliat were the feelings of Constancio when his shepberda 
fled from him so ahruptlj. Mirtain was with him. '^Tki 
Bccst/' said the Prince to him, " thou seest the effect of thy 
labours. Constancia hates me : I dare not follow her to obtain 
an explanation from her myself" 

" You have too much consideration, my Lord, foramen 
country girl," replied Mirtain ; " and if you will permit me^ 
I will go and order her, in your name, to come hsLck to yon* 
" Ah ! Mirtain," exclaimed the Prince, " What a difference 
exists between the lover and the confidant! J think only of 
doing everything to please this charming girl ; I have obsemd 
in her a sort of refinement, which would ill accord with the 
rough measures thou art for adopting. I had rather contimie 
to suffer than offend her." As he uttered these words, he 
turned his steps in another direction, with so melancholy 
an air, tliat one who was much less interested in him than 
Constancia might have pitied him. 

As soon as he was out of sight, she retraced her steps to 
have the pleasure of being on the spot he had just quitted. 
 Tis here," said she, ** he stood ; 'twas from thence he looked 
at mo : but, alas I in ever}' place I find how little he thinks of 
nH\ He comes hither but to muse in freedom upon her he 
lovos : and yet/' continued she, ** have I a right to complain ! 
What olmnoo was there that he sliould attach himself to a girl 
ho thinks so much beneath him V She felt disposed sometimes 
to relate hor adventures to him : but the Sovereijrn Fairv had 
Si> stnotlv forbidden hor to speak of them, that her dutv 
aiw-^m prevailovi over her inclination, and she eventually 
dotonninovl to koop hor secret. 

In the course of a fow days, the Prince again made his 
apjvarauoo. She avo:dol him ciuvfully. He was much dis- 
tn^ssod ai it, and dosirovl Mirtiiiu to reproach her with her 
Ivluiviour. She pretended she had acted unconsciously ; but 
* t ho IVinoo had oondos^vuded to remark it, she would not do 
^^ m future, Mirtiiin, much gratined by having obtained this 
UiN^miw frvMu hor, informed his master, and the next momiDg 
w wit ia ^>iireh of hor. On his accosting her she appeared 
|WohK\ and moTiv^nloss: and hor confoiion if possible in- 
**i when ho doclarcd his Tv^ssicn. Much as she desired to 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 529 

believe him, she was afraid of being deceived, and that forming 
his opinion of her from appearances, be only sought to amuse 
himself by dazzling her with professions which would not be 
seriously addressed to a poor shepherdess. Nettled by this 
idea^ her pride restored her composure, and she received the 
assurances of his affection vdth so much coldness, that it con- 
firmed all his suspicions. 

" Your heart is gone ! " said he ; " another has succeeded in 
oharming you. But I call the gods to witness, that if I can 
discover him, he shall feel the full eflFects of my wrath ! " "I ask 
tto fovour for any one, my Lord," she replied. " If you should 
Bver know my sentiments, you will find they are far different 
from those you attribute to me." The Prince at these words 
felt his hopes revive, but they were soon destroyed by the con- 
rersation that followed; for she protested to him, that her 
indifference was not to be overcome, and that she felt 
3onvinced she should never love any one. These last words 
sast him into inexpressible grief; he exercised the greatest 
sonstraint over himself to prevent her observing the extent of 
[lis affliction. Either from the violence he thus did to his 
Ebelings, or from the excess of his passion, which was only in- 
Di*eaaed by the obstacles which presented themselves to it, he 
Eell so dangerously ill that the physicians, not knowing the 
oause of his disorder, soon began to despair of his recovery. 
fiiirtain, who by his orders still remained in attendance on 
Constancia, communicated to her the sad tidings. She listened 
to them with a confusion and agitation difficult to describe. 
** Do you know any remedy,'* he asked her, " for fever, and 
violent pains in the head and heart f " I know one," she 
replied ; " it consists of simples and flowers ; but everything 
depends on the manner in which they are applied." '* Will you 
not go to the palace and apply them yourself?" added 
Mirtain. " No ;" said she, blushing, '* I should be too much 
afraid of not succeeding." " How !" continued he ; " is it 
possible you will neglect anything that might restore him to 
lis? I believed you to be very hard-hearted; but you are 
I hundred times more so than I had imagined." ^Mirtain's 
eproaches gratified Constancia. She was delighted to bo 
>ressed by him to see the Prince. It was only to obtain that 
^'*'^?i that she had boasted of being acquainted \q>^^ ^ 
'.js complaint; for the truth is, that a^a^Viie^QS 

M M 



580 THE HGEON AND THE DOVE. 

Mirtain went and told the Prince all that the shepherdoi 
Lad said, and how ardently she desired the restoration of Ik 
health. " Thou seckest to flatter me," said Constando to liim; 
" but I forgive thee,  and I would fiiin^ even though I should 
deceive myself endeavour to fiuicy that this lovelj girl hm 
some affection for me. Go to the Queen ; tell her that one 
of her shepherdesses possesses a wonderful secret which msj 
cure me. Obtain permission to bring her hither. Bun, ijj 
Mirtain ! minutes will appear ages to me !" 

The Queen had never seen the shepherdess of whom 
Mirtain spoke ; and answered that she had no Edth in the 
knowledge affected by such ignorant little girls ; and that it 
was mere folly to thii^ of it. *' It is certain, Madam," said be^ 
''that one may sometimes find more relief from the appliob- 
tion of simples than from all that is contained in the pages of 
Esculapius. The Prince suffers so much that he is anxionsto 
tost the effect of what this yoimg girl proposes." " Be it so," 
said the Queen j *' but if she do not cure him, I will punish 
her so severely, that she will never have the audacity to boast 
of her pretended remedies again." Mirtain returned to his 
master, and informed him of the Queen's ill-humour, and that 
he feared the result of it to Constancia. " I woiild rather die!"* 
exclaimed the Prince. " Hetum instantly ; tell my mother, 
I entreat her to let that lovely girl remain with her innoceni 
sheep. AVhat a recompense is this," he continued, " for the 
trouble she would take ! The very idea of it redoubles my 
disorder." 

Mirtain ran to the Queen, to beg her, in the Prince's name, 
not to send for Constancia ; but as she was naturally verr 
hasty, she flew into a passion at his vacillation. " I have 
already sent for her," said the Queen : "if she cure my son 
I will make her some present ; if she jGail, I know what I 
have to do. Return to him, and endeavour to amuse him; 
the state of melancholy he is in distracts me." Mirtain obeyed 
her commands, and took care not to tell his master the tem- 
per the Queen was in, for his anxiety about his shepherdess 
might have killed him. 

The royal pastures were so near the city that she was Dot 

long coming, let alone the impulse she received from a passion 

which generally increases one's speed. As soon as she reached 

'le palace, the Queen was informed of her arrival ; but she 



THE riGBON AND THE DOVE. 531 

did not condeeoend to eee het ; she coatented hereelf witli 
ordering her to be told to take care wliat she was about : for 
that if she failed to cure the Prince, she would have her 
sown up iu a Back and flung into the river. At this threat, 
the hcautiful Frincoas turned pale, and felt her blood hiq 
cold. " Alaa," said she to herself, " I well deserve this punish- 
ment! I spoke falsely when I boasted of my akill; and my 
denre to see Constancio was too unreasonable to secure mo 
the protection of the gods." She hung her head, and her 
tears flowed down her cheeks ia silence. 

The standers-hy admired her greatly. She appeared to 
iheni more like an angel from Heaven than a mortal maiden. 
" What are you afraid of, lovely shepherdess?" said they to 
her. "Your eyes have in them the power of life and death; 
one glance of them may preserve our young Prince. Come 
to his apartment, dry your tears, and administer your remedy 
vithont alarm." 

The maimer in which they spoke to her, and the extreme 
defdre she had to see the Prince, gave her fresh confldence. 
She begged to be allowed to go into the garden, that she 
might herself cull the simples she required. She gathered 
myrtle, trefoil^ and other herbs and flowers, some of which 
Ue dedicated to Cupid, and some to his mother j and added 
to titam Mme doves feathers, and a few drops of pigeons' 
^^^^^^^~~ iroked the aid of all the gods and fairies, then, 
t than a tnrtle-dore at the sight of a falcon, 
E^e WBJ ready to be led to the Prince's cham- 
Wr. He was in bed; hii &oa pahd, and his sight feeble ^ 
bat the moment be sawlier, his oomplezion improved; which 
^e observed to bdr ffeaX jot. 

" My Lord," said she, " I naTO for many days past ofiered 

up my prayers lor the ZMtoration of your health. My ansiety 

even induced me to tell one of your shepherds that I knew 

iiiim III tin remedies, azul that I would most willingly en- 

^^^^^^^^^uaE^L' yonr puns: bnt the Queen has sent me 

^^I^^^HJf Hi.' ivea dow not assist my nndertaking, and 

yon "ured, I am to he drowned. Imagine, 

itnation I am placed in; but be 

d in jour preservation more on 

9."  Fear nothing, oha.t"^" 

kind intexesb you ^iCka 



SE PIGEON ASD TUE DOYE, 

nJ> 'B ivider it ao dear to me, that I will take gmter 
OBS te it. I iMd oeand to prize existenoe : alael cooUl 
tM fcMiiij oadtr tlM nooAeotioD of the sentiments I hnri 
M ffiytt iorContendol Those fatal verses, uid jm 
friHiiM. kan re^ioed me to the irretcbed state in vbiA 
na Ma ne; bat, lovely dkepherdeaa, you bsve dedrsdiw 
lo t! It me Im then, and live but for yon !" 

X bad much difficulty in coDcealuig the pleasnn 
dantJoD garo her. Fearing that somebodj 
g to wiat the Prince was Baying to her, it 
rm.i-i H< him by asking, if he would permit her to put w 
0^ taadi^a of the herfaa ibe had ^thered. He stretdwd 
bto araw out to ber with bo mnch tendemesa of espreeaiii, 
tiMtt riie IwBtily bound on one of the bandages, in order tiul 
nobody AadH petceive what was iuMwing between them, id 
Imns^ gMia through aereral little oeremonies, the better to 
iia pw r r on the Prince's atteadanta, he esdaimed, after a f" 
minnt^ tint he felt in less pain. It waa quite true; he dii 
TTiff nliyncaaiu were summoned, and were surprised at tie 
olkaaiy of tfie remedy and the pramptitade of ita efiet^^biit 
when they saw the shepherdess who had applied it, tbej 
ce^si-i :.;-'n-:nIi.T at aiivthiiiL'. aod said to one another i a 
tLL.r CTu j^r^jn, that i.ue of her loijks was a more po^Te^W 
lios^ tiaii any in the whole PharmacopiEa- 

The shepherdess was so little affected by all the praise* 
ibey IjTisited on her, that those who did not know her, took 
fiir siupiii;v what aP'Si.- from a very different cause. She 
crejil iuf '.1 a comer of the room, concealing herself from every- 
li^-iy ha-, her patifnt, whom she approached occasionally to 
3'n-i 1:;5 fjniiead or fvel his pulse; and in these brief aw-" 
;ii::^';r- iltev S3.id to each other a thousand charming thii^ 
p-'^. >-i.;ehlW hL':irt had much more to do than ^e hew- 
 I zT'-i^z, ii._r L. 'rd,'" Siiid she, ' that the sack which the Qne 
'. .- - :.T. :' ; r me to be drow-ned in, will not be rB^iw( 
-' :  '  .[ . -. .r- =_ Y'lur health, which is bo precioilB 
::.ri-.ivin;z."' "It depends wholly opi 

'  -: ; 1j..' rciilied; "a ^are in your hei 

.  .  -:v::.::._' f.i' my peace, and " 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 588 

lidvanoed hastily, and was struck with astonishment at seeing 
bim at her chamher-door. " What! Is it you, my soni my 
ilear son!" she exclaimed. ''To whom am I indehted for 
this marvellous resurrection]" " You owe it to your own 
kindness, Madam," said the Prince ; " you have sent to me 
the most skilful person in the world, I beseech you to reward 
her in proportion to the service she has rendered me!" 
" There is no hurry for that," said the Queen, sharply; "she 
Lb a poor shepherdess, who will think herself too happy in 
being still permitted to tend my sheep." 

At this moment the King arrived. They had been to tell 
him the good news of the Prince's recovery ; and as he was 
proceeding towards the Queen's apartments, he caught sight 
of Constancia : her beauty, brilliant as the sun with its count- 
less rays, dazzled him to such an extent, that he stood some 
few moments vdthout the power of asking those who were 
near him, who that wonderful creature was, and how long 
goddesses had taken up their abode in his palace. At length, 
recovering himself, he approached her, and learning that^she 
was the enchantress who had cured his son, he embraced her, 
and politely said that he felt very ill himself, and requested 
she would cure him also. 

He entered the Queen's apartments followed by Constancia, 
The Queen had never seen her before. Her astonishment 
cannot be described. She uttered a loud shriek and fainted; 
casting, as she fell, a look of fury on the shepherdess. Con- 
stancio and Constancia were terrified at this event ; the King 
knew not how to account for so sudden a seizure ; all the 
court was in consternation. At length the Queen returned to 
herself; and the King pressed her to tell him what she had seen 
to affect her in so extraordinary a manner. She dissembled her 
vexation, and said it was a fit of the vapours ; but the Prince, 
who knew her well, was exceedingly uneasy. She spoke to the 
shepherdess with some degree of kindness ; telling her that she 
would retain her near her person, and give her the care of 
the flowers in her private garden. The Princess was delighted 
to think she should remain where she could see Constancio 
every day. 

The King, however, induced the Queen to enter his cabinet, 
and then tenderly inquired what had occurred to vex her. 
*^ Ah, Sire," she exclaimed, " I have had a frightful dream. 



 - THE PIGEON AMD THE DOVE. 535 

: -Jeaven !" she eiclaimed; " what have I done, fiat I should 
_ m punished in the moat cruel way to me in the worldl Alas! 

 '. nad intended my eon for my niece; and to my desperate 
iimoyance, I perceivo he has attached himself to a wretched 
JMpherdess, who will, perhapa, excite him to rebel against my 
ileaeure." 

While Bhe was thua dietresBing herself, and forming a 
Jiousand schemes in her fiiry to punish Constancia for being 
m beautiful, bo charming; love was unremittingly making 
Jmh progress in the hearts of the young couple, Constancia, 
xnmnced of the Prince's aincerity, could no longer conceal 
iom him ber rank or her affection. So tender an avowal, and 
nch a proof of confidenc, enraptured him to such an eitent, 
that anywhere but in the Queen's garden he would have cast 
himBelf at her feet to thank her. It was not without diffi- 
milty he restrained himself even there. He ceased to Btruggle 
with bis passion. He hod loved the Bhepherdeaa Constancia : 
it is easy to ima^no that he adored her when he was in- 
fioTned of her rank, and if he was easily persuaded of the 
truth of so extraordinary a thing (as it appears to us,) of 
a great princess wandering about the world, by turns a shep- 
herdess and a gardener, it was simply because, in those daya, 
ouch adventures were common enough; and that he discovered 
something in her air and manners that warranted to him the 
fautb of her story. Constancio, moved by lovo and respect, 
Bwore eternal fidelity to the Princess, and ^e vowed no less to 
lum. They agreed that their marrii^ should take place as 
soon as they could obtain the oonaent of the perBons on whom 
they depended. The Queen observed ttete rowiBS passion; 
her confidante, who Bought as eM|^HN|HHd&jte discover 
something which mi^it a^/aJ^^^^^^^^^^S^^ai'^Tefs, 
came to her one day vy^^9^^^^^^^^BG& Constancia 
sent Huson eveiy ^Mj^^^^^^^^^^^V^ "^^ptt. That 
the little ram <4i^^^^^^^^^^^r ^^ ^'iC\ 




636 THE PIGEON AND THE DOVK 

ingenuity. In it she bad reproached the Prince tenderly with 
the perils to which he daily expoeed himself in hunting. The 
note contained these verses : 

" 'Midst all my Joy, I tremble with alann 

To see thee daily to the chace repair. 
 O Hearen ! wherein consists the wondroiu cbunn 

Of tracking sarage monsters to their lair? 

Leare the gaunt lion, and the grisly bear. 

And turn to conquer in a sweeter field,  

The tender heart that but desires to yield." 

AVhilst the Queen was raving i^ainst the shepheidesB) 
Mirtain had hastened to inform his master of the unfortuiiate 
adventure of the ram. The Prince very uneasy ran to his 
mother*3 apartment, but she had already gone to the Eiiig^s. 
'' Behold, my Liege,** said she, " behold the noble inclinations of 
your son ; he loves this miserable shepherdess, who persoaded 
us she knew a certain cure for his malady. Alas ! she knew 
one but too well. In short," continued she, * it is love that 
instructed her. She has restored him to health onlv to inflict 
on him greater evils ; and if we do not take immediate steps 
to ward off the misfortunes that threaten us, my dream will 
prove but too true." '* You are naturally severe," said the 
King, " you expected that your son would think of no one bet 
the Pi"iucoss vou had selected for him. It was not so easv a 
thiuj; to do. You must make some allowance for his vouth" 
" I cannot endure your prepossession in his fav.iur,~ cried the 
Quoeu; * you can never find fault with him. All I ask o: 
you. Sir. is to consent to his being removed from court for a 
shoit time. Absence will have more efiect on him than aU 
mv ariruinents," 

The Kill:; hatel contention : he acceded to evervthin:; his 
wite desired, and she returned immediately to her own 
ap;irtments. 

She found the Prince there: he was awaiting: her in the 
utmost anxietv.  Mv son.'* said she to him, boiVre he could 
^^y 5* word to her, - the King has just shown me letters from 
the King my brother, lagging him to send you to his court, 
m order that you may become acquainted with the Princess 
who has been destined to you from infimcy. and also that she 
may have a similar advantage. Is it not jiist that you should 
ulowed an opportunitv of forminir vour own opinion of 
merits, and that vou should k^ve her befcre vou are 



. THE PIGEON AND THB DOTE. 537 

united to each other for ever V "I hare no right to draire 
tha.t special rules should be made in my &vour,'' said the 
Prince. " It is not euBtomary for rojal personages to viwt 
each other, and consult their own hearts in preference to the 
reaeona of state which render it neceasarj for them to con- 
tract a certtun altisnce. The lady joti have selected for me 
may be beautiful or ugly, intelligent or stupid ; I shall obey 
you in either caae." " I understand thee, wretch !" cried the 
Queen, flying out suddenly; "I understand thee! Thou 
adorest a worthless shepherdess ; thou fearest leaving her. 
Thou shalt leave her, or I will have her dispatched before 
thine eyes ! But if thou wilt depart without hesitation, and 
strive to forget her, I will retain her near my person, and 
love her as much as I now hate her." 

The Prince, as pale as if he were about to die, consulted in 
his own mind what couree he should take. On either hand 
he could see nothing but frightful agony. He knew his 
mother to be the most cruel and vindictive Princess in the 
-world. He feared resistance would irritate her, and that the 
oonsequences would foil upon hie dear mistress. At length, 
pressed by the Queen to say whether he would go or not, he 
consented to do so, with the same feeling that a man consents 
to drink the glass of poison that is to destroy him. 

He had scarcely given her his word that he would depart, 
when, leaving his mother's chamber, he entered his own, hia 
heart so wrung, that he thoi^ht it would break. He con- 
fided his afBiotion to the &ithAil Mirtain; and, impatient to 
inform Constamaa, he went in eeaxdi of her. She wae in the 
deepest pari) of ft grottt^ where she occasionally took reiiige, 
-whantna heat at tiia mi WM too powerfiil for her in the 
garden. ThraojAiaMUHiMlllUlk of turf by the side of a 
streamlet, which feU from the top of a rook of shell-work. In 
this peaceful retreat she unbound the tresses of her hair; 
they were &ir bm silver, fioer than silk, and all in wavy curl& 
She eat with her naked leet in the water, the agrceablo 
murmur of whiob, together with the fatigue of gardening, 
insensibly lulled her Jn' --p' sleep. Though her eyes 

were olosad, thoy had -I "nl attractionH; their long i 

))]aek Iwli^ "'i" irhiipjiess of her 

ficia.i " I'liiMi her, and I 



538 THE riGEON AND THE DOVE. 

'Twas there the enamoured Prince found her. He recoV 
looted that the first time he had seen her she was thus asleep; 
but the sentiments she had since inspired him with had 
become so tender, that he \f ould willingly have given haK his 
life to pass the other half beside her. He gazed on her some 
time with a pleasure that suspended his grief ; his eyes, run- 
ning eagerly over her charms, rested on her foot, whiter than 
snow : he felt he could never cease admiring it. He knelt, 
and took her hand ; she woke instantly, appeared vexed that 
he had seen her foot, and hid it, blushing like a rose^ as it 
opens to the dawning day. 

Alas ! how soon did that beautiful colour ide ! She re- 
marked an unwonted melancholy in the countenance of the 
Priueo. " What ails you. my Lord ?" she inquired, with much 
alarm. " I can tell by your eyes that you are in some afflic- 
tion.'* * Ah, who would not be so, dearest Princess," said he 
to her, shedding tears which he had not the power to sup- 
press; " they are about to part us ! I must either leave, or 
expose you to all the fury of the Queen. She knows of mj 
attachiuent to vou : she has even seen the note von wrote to 
me  one of her women assures me so and without the least 
consideration for mv aniruiah, she cruellv insists on mv 
:m mediate doi:u^iire for trie ccurt of the K:r.i: her brother." 
** What do vou toll me. Prince?" exclaimed Corstancia : " vou 
aiv vu rho point of torsiikiri^ ir.e. and vou believe that to be 
iicOiSSiirv tor tho rres<:Tvat::n cf illv i::e ! Can v;-u r-rssiblv 
entertain such an idea I Let mo perish I etc re your eyes : I 
shall Ve less to be pitiei than it I am cjiLdenined to liv-:- 
wlthcut voil" 

S.^ ;;:teotiii;:: a oonversat::n c:Mli nr-t :h:l c: fceini: cften 

 m   

vt't euiurvd t::e iv\n^ :: aVseno: : thev h.\i never f.resrfz 

^v.v>.; .k -..^-' . . ..I.t:. <.i<^-.. .....^ ^wi %i.k^...i..'. .^>t ^_;iril- -.' - 

SiUid vo^-^ of etoLniil r.iilitv. Tne Frln.-e rrrniisei C:n- 
s:;uioia to rvt',ir- with the irrea-est sreeL - I ^:,~ saii he. 

^ ^^'^ ^v Jh-.\. - ... ^*. *..:; ^l^ . i *^- '  -c- >. L^Lli,.  r  

sxuuL a ran .ton a.. :.;fa :: j-.v-.r.j: ::er to me ::r :\ wire. I ^... 

kIo evvn-thin^r t.^ -i:s:r-st thf Pr:n:es^ ant I shall sti>>=r-i iz 

"J" oojvTct.*' * YvTU nv,tst n. t sh:^ y.-ursrltl then." sLii C:n- 

xcia, " :r v.n v-.H vl=v,.at* her. i: ^ha: v.u. will t-: rrven: 



THE PIGEON AND TIIE DOVE. 539 

it." They both wept so bitterly, gazed on each other so 
moumfully, interchanged such passionate promises, that their 
only consolation was the perfect confidence they had in each 
other's afiection, and that nothing could ever alter such deep 
and tender feelings. 

The time had passed bo rapidly in this sweet conversation, 
that night had already closed around them before they 
thought of separating; but the Queen, wishing to consult the 
Prince respecting the equipage he would require, Mirtain 
hastened in search of him. He found him still at the feet of 
his mistress, holding her hand in both of his. When they 
perceived him, they were seized with such apprehensions that 
they could scarcely speak. He told his master that the 
Queen was asking for him. Her commands might not be 
disobeyed. The Princess retired alone through another part 
of the gardens. 

The Queen found the Prince so melancholy and altered, 
that she easily divined the cause. She would not speak to 
him any more on the subject ; it was enough that he should 
depart In short, everything was prepared with so much 
dihgence, that it seemed as if the fairies had had a hand in it. 
Ab to the Prince, he occupied himself only with what related 
to his passion. He desired Mirtain to remain "at court, and 
wnd hun daily news of the Princess. He left with him his 
finest jewels, in case he should be in want of funds ; and his 
fnrasight n^ected nothing in a matter of such moment 
tohim. 

At hut he was compelled to go. The despair of our young 
Iflten oannot be described. Gonstancia then first compre- 
hjndnfl the whole extent of her znisfortuna To be a king's 
jJimihtiT zig^itftil owner of immense dominions, and to lan- 
0oii3i in the power of a cruel queen, who banished her son 
far &ar of his affiaotion for her  a princess who was his equal 
mmj wajy and whose hand would be ardently desired by the 
mn a A s m t eorereigns in the world ! But her star had decided 
Srdunddhesa 

The Queeiiy delighted at the absence of her son, thought 
^Hiiy of inters pptiug the letters that might be written to him. 
She sr. -d discovered that Mirtain was his confidant. 

Shp ' ^ on some false pretence, and sent tcs 

subjected to a Btrict im^rvar 



640 TEDS nCODON AND THE JSOVK 

The Prinoe ma greatly inoenBed at this news. He ivioteio 
the Kmg and Queen demanding the release of his tBLywxnk. 
His appUoations had no effect : but it was not only by iStk 
thafc ^ey sought to disfcress him. 

One morning that the Princess had risen with the dawn, 
and gone into the garden to gather flowers as usual fiMrthe 
Queen's toilette, she saw the &ithM Rusou, who wu pfe- 
ceding her at some distance, suddezdy run back in grmt 
alarm. As she advanced to see what had frightened hki so 
much, he pulled her by the skirt of her gown in order to 
prevent her, for he was a most intelligent animal, and she 
suddenly heard the sharp hissing of a number of serpen^ 
and found herself almost immediately beset by toads, vipen, 
scorpioncf, asps, and snakes, that encircled, without sttnging 
her. They raised themselves to dart at her, but invariably 
fell back on the spot without power to toudi her. 

Notwithstandii^ the terror she was in, she could not &il 
to notice this prodigy, and she could attribute it to nothing 
except the virtue of a ring made under the influenoe of cer- 
tain constellations, and given to her by her lover. Whioh- 
ever way she turned, she saw these venomous reptiles running 
towards her. The walks were full of them, and they swarmed 
upon the flowers and under the trees. The lovely Constancia 
knew not what to do. She perceived the Queen at her 
window, laughing at her alarm. She knew directly that she 
had no hope of being saved by her orders. " I must die," 
said she, nobly; *' those horrid monsters that surround me 
came not here of their own accord. The Queen has had 
them brought hither, and there she stands to be the specta- 
tress of this miserable termination to my existence. It has 
certainly been so sad a one up to this very hour, that I have 
no reason to cling to it; and if I regret its loss, the gods, the 
just gods, can testify why I do so at this moment." 

Having thus spoken, she advanced, and all the snakes and 
their companions retreated as fast as she approached them. 
She quitted the garden in this way unhurt, as much to her 
own astonishment as to the Queen's, who had for a long time 
past been collecting these dangerous reptiles with the inten- 
tion of 'having the shepherdess stung to death by them. She 
imagined such a circumstance would not arouse the suspicions 
' her son; that he would attribute Constancia's death to 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 541 

a natural cause, and that she should escape his reproaches : 
but her project having failed, she had recourse to another 
expedient. 

At the other end of the forest there dwelt a Fairy whose 
abode was inaccessible, for she was guarded by elephants 
that imceasingly roamed round the forest, and devoured the 
poor travellers, their horses, and even the iron the latter 
were shod with, so insatiable was their appetite. The Queen 
had come to an agreement with her, that if by some im- 
heard-of chance, any one in the Queen's name should reach 
the Fairy's palace alive, she would give the messenger some- 
thing &,tal to take back to her. 

The Queen sent for Constancia : gave her her orders, and 
told her to set out immediately. She had heard all her com- 
panions talk of the danger there was in passing through that 
forest; and an old shepherdess had even told her how she 
had fortunately escaped by the aid of a little sheep she had 
taken with her, for, furious as the elephants may be, the mo- 
ment they see a lamb they become as gentle themselves. 
The same shepherdess had also told her, that being ordered 
to take a burning girdle back to the Queen, under the appre- 
hension that she would make her put it on, she put it round 
several trees which were all consumed by it, so that the girdle 
at last had no power to hurt her, as the Queen had hoped it 
would. 

When the Princess listened to this story she little thought 
it would be, one day, of such service to her : but when the 
Queen had issued her commands with so imperative an air 
that the sentence was evidently irrevocable, she prayed the 
gods to assist her. She took Euson with her, and departed 
for the perilous forest. The Queen was enchanted : " We 
shall see her no more ! " said she to the King. " This odious 
object of our son's attachment!  I have sent her to a spot 
where a thousand such as she would not be sufficient to 
make a quarter of a breakfast for the elephants." The King 
told her she was too vindictive, and that he could not help 
regretting the destruction of the most beautiful girl he had 
ever seen. " Indeed!" replied the Queen. " I advise you to 
fall in love with her then, and weep for her death as the un- 
worthy Constancio does for her absence !" 

Constancia had scarcely entered the forest when she saw 



ti4& THE PIGBBON AND THB >?&. 

herself BOiroiiiided b j dephahti. Theee oolosBal monsteni 
delighted at the sight of the beanfifol ram, who walked in& 
a much bolder step than his mistress, oaressed him as gentlj 
with their formidable trunks as a lady eoold have done with 
her hand. The Princess was so afraid thai the elephantB 
would make a distinction between her and B110O11, that Ab 
took him up in her arms, although he had already become 
rather heavy, and whichever way she turned took care to 
present him to the monsters, and in this manner made the 
best of her way towards the palace of the hiacoeasible old 
Fairy. 

She reached it at length, after much alarm and trouUe: 
the place seemed very untidy; tiM Fairy who inhabited it 
was no less so. She could not entirely conceal her astonkb- 
ment at seeing Gonstancia for it was a long tUne since any 
living creature had succeeded in arriving there. ^' What is 
your will, Mr child?" said the Fairy to her. The PnnaesB 
humbly presented to her the Queen's oomplimenta, aooom- 
]^mied by the request that she would send her the OircUe d 
Friendship. ** She shall not be denied," said the Fairy; ^no 
doubt it is for you she desires it" ^ I do not know that, 
liiadam," replied Constancia. " Oh, but I know it well 
enough," said the Fairy; and taking out of her casket a 
girdle of blue velvet, with long cords attached to it, on which 
to hang a purse, a knife, and a pair of scissors, she presented 
her with the handsome ornament. " Take it," said she, "this 
girdle will render you perfectly charming, provided you put 
it on as soon as you are in the forest." 

After Constancia had thanked, and taken leave of her, she 
caught up Euson in her arms again, who was of more con- 
sequence to her than ever. The elephants made much of 
him, and let her pass JBreely, notwithstanding their voracious 
propensities. She did not forget to put the girdle round 
a tree, which began to bum immediately, as if it had been in 
the fiercest fire in the world. She took the girdle ofif again, 
and put it on another tree, and so, fi:om tree to tree, until it 
ceased to ignite them. At length she reached the palace very 
much fatigued. 

When the Queen saw her, she was so struck with astonish- 
ment that she could not hold her peace. " You are a cheat!" 
she cried; "you have not been to my friend, the Faiiyl" 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 543 

" Pardon me, Madam ! " replied the fair Constaneia. " I am 
the bearer of the Girdle of Friendship, which I requested her 
to give me in your name." "Have you not put it onf 
asked the Queen. " It is too fine for a poor shepherdess like 
me," replied Constaneia. " No, no," said the Queen, " I give 
it yoU;fbr your trouble; do not omit to wear it : but, tell me, 
what did you see on your road?" " I saw," she replied, 
" some elephants, who were so intelligent, and displayed so 
miueh ingenuity, that there is not a country in tiie world 
where they would not excite admiration. It seems that forest 
is their kingdom, and that there are in it some that rule the 
rest." The Queen was greatly mortified, and did not say all 
she thought, but she was still in hopes that nothing on 
eajiih would prevent the girdle from burning the Princess. 
" Though the elephants have spared thee," she muttered to 
herself, " the girdle will avenge me ! Thou shalt see, wretch, 
the friendship I bear thee, and the reward due to thee for 
having fascinated my son." 

Constaneia had retired to her little chamber, where she 
wept the absence of her dear Prince. She dared not write 
to him, for the Queen had spies abroad who stopped the 
couriers, and she had already, by these means, intercepted 
her son's letters. "Alas! Constancio," said she, "you will 
shortly receive sad tidings of me. You ought not to have 
gone and abandoned me to the fury of your mother !  ^you 
might have protected me, or you would have received my 
last sigh in lieu of my being delivered over to her tyrannical 
power, and bereft of every consolation ! " She went to her 
work in the garden at day-break as usual ; she found in it 
still a thousand venomous reptiles, from which, however, her 
ring preserved her. She had put on the blue velvet girdle, 
and when the Queen saw her gathering flowers as calmly as 
if she had only a thread round her waist; nothing had ever 
equalled her vexation. "What mysterious power interests 
itself for this shepherdess ! " cried she ; " she bewitches my 
son by her beauty, and restores him to^ health by the appli- 
cation of innocent simples. Snakes and asps crawl at her 
feet without stinging her. The wild elephants become gentle 
and kind at her sight. The fairy-girdle, which should have 
reduced her to ashes, serves but to adorn her. I must have 
recourse, then, to more certain remedies." 



HiNh Uu fuuixl iMM Ihat B t(i ^u] 
QitMa M inwMy dtiUltl'I'Ki at Aim. aakL 
ht Um WNlWrt tu wU him tto aK a 

tkWi WM tkawu (KHtr CuoaUads m i^ 

luMK iti thv Uuut,v i>f tliftt it 
witii kwin wutt luiiv tu iiiuk ft gnwd 
iiVM'liilt'U;^ M>U1 tiur ti< kim kt ac 
('uMluuiM*, iKUuruit ur til* 
lit tU'tv IW kiw, rellred euljr to 
liii<nt tU iJuwuro vi ihtnklog  * 
ami t)f KtiawanuB iwv of hii IoUms 
trlvnl tu rwiuiv*. tllw 
uiuiblt tu ilwlil frunt Ml ugneMe mi 
uw thd Ijiiiwn ouWr thu room. 8behailft 
nil til* louka in tUa mIiwp. IUm h ~ 
ad tlM oftptaln of Um ffiuuvL Hw 
fh>f il 




I(>i^ 



f..l|... 



veaael ; aod,  they only waittd iit Lar. tji:^ i 



W e mQit lesre her fin ln^r coy^e, Soisi. -rcitf jiar sii 
ha, ft* the SuTcrei^ Fairy h^ ni>t bec. i,iiii i: 3iu' 
ifcariy in her bvfrar, ami all ih*! coold dr, wu -.<: 5^v iisr 
Ci^7heve in a tluA cImuI, intrnble to miir^i^ -fris. Ii -jja 
SMMniw FkiuM Conetanci'j. ctigr'Wseii by t:^ r jwam i tnt 
 IMIvmi wilfc *ha priiOEi th^y had choeea for r-irTi . Tbiffiia 
lApMkK aatataOy the moR c.-.'irroas of neri, fee aa ci- 
^BoTl-- ". rode ta her tfew: '.i^ often ci;mcliiil c' him 
ho *iLi :: .t iTuiii qTiarT^Iiir:2 with his 
__ HI Cltat tie raarriKie was c*:tp.j':!ed almost 
I iie Qoeeo tfc.naju; profW to write to the 
k as (faxig^roa^ ill. his anguish bm 




THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 545 

jQexpressible. He could not stand any longer on ceremony 
in a matter which affected his life as much as that of his 
oiistress, and therefore returned home with the speed of 
lightning. Notwithstanding all his exertion, however^ he 
uriyed too late. The Queen, who had foreseen his return, had 
oirculated a report some days previously that Constancia was 
ilL She placed in her apartments women who knew when to 
speak and when to be silent according to their instructions. 
rhe rumour of Constancia's death was then spread abroad, 
emd a wax figure was finally buried as the body of that 
unfortunate girL The Queen, who left no means unemployed 
to convince the Prince of the truth of this story, released 
Mirtam from prison, that he might attend the funeral ; so that 
the day for that ceremony being publicly announced, every- 
body came to lament the loss of that charming girl, and the 
Queen, who could throw any expression into her features she 
ohoBe, pretended to feel this loss deeply on her son's account. 

He reached the city in the greatest anxiety that can be 
Imagined, and on entering it, could not resist asking the first 
persons he met, the news about his beloved Constancia. Those 
who answered him did not know who he was, and without the 
BUgbtest preparation told him she was dead. At these fatal 
irords he was no longer master of his emotion. He fell from 
biB horse speechless, pulselesa A crowd gathered round him  
they discovered that it was the Prince ; everybody pressed to 
EUBBist him, and they carried him almost dead to the palace. 

The King was greatly affected by the deplorable state of his 
Bon. The Queen had prepared herself for such an event, and 
fchonght that time and the extinction of his fond hopes would 
cure him ; but he was too deeply smitten to be so easily con- 
soled. His distress, &r from diminishing, increased every 
minute. He passed two days without seeing or speaking to 
any one. He then went to the Queen's apartments, his eyes 
Pull of tears, his looks wild, his fece pale. He told her it was 
she who had been the death of his dear Constancia; but that 
she would be speedily punished, as he could not survive the 
loss of his beloved, and that he desired to be shown the place 
where they had buried her. 

The Queen, not being able to combat this resolution, deter- 
t\) conduct him herself to a cypress grove, in which she 

. iUbod a tomb to be erected. When the PTvxi<Qfe ^assc-^^^^ 

N N 



546 THE HGON AND THK IK)TB. 

himself at the spot where his mistress reposed in death, he 
uttered such tender and passionate expressions that no one 
has ever spoken so touchinglj. Even the hard-hearted Qoeen 
could not help melting into tears. Mirtain was as mnch 
afflicted as his master; and all who heard him sympathised in 
his despair. All on a sudden, in a fit of frenzy he drew his 
sword, and approaching the marble which he beHeved covered 
the beautiful body of Constancia, he would have slain himself 
if the Queen and Mirtain had not caught his ann. "Noi" 
said he, " nothing in the world shall prevent my rejoining in 
death my dear Princess ! " The title of Princess whioh he gave 
to the shepherdess surprised the Queen. She fitncied her son 
was raving, and would have thought he had lost his senses 
completely if in all other respects he had not expressed him- 
self rationally. 

She asked him wherefore he called Constancia a Princess. 
He replied, that she was so ; that her kingdom was called 
the Kingdom of Deserts; that she was the sole heir to it; 
and that he should never have named it but that there were 
no longer any reasons for secrecy. " Alas, my son ! ** said the 
Queen, " since Constancia is of equal rank with yourself be 
comforted, for she is not dead. I will confess to you, in 
order to appease your sorrow, that I sold her to some mer- 
chants, who have carried her off as a slave." " Ah ! " said the 
Prince, " you tell me this to shake the resolution I have made 
to die, but my mind is made up, and nothing can change it." 
" Then," said the Queen, " your own eyes must convince you;" 
and thereupon she ordered them to dig up the waxen figure. 
As at first sight he took it to be the body of his charming 
Princess, he fell into a deep swoon, from which they had great 
difficulty in recovering him. The Queen in vain assured him 
that Constancia was not dead. After the wicked trick she 
had played him he would not believe her : but Mirtain suc- 
ceeded in persuading him of the fact. He knew his attach- 
ment to him, and that he was not capable of telling him a 
feilsehood. 

He felt in some degree relieved, for of all misfortunes her 
death appeared to him the most terrible, and he could now 
flatter himself with the hope of seeing his mistress once again. 
But where should he seek herl  the merchants who had 
bought her were strangers ; they had not said whither they 



THE PIOEON AKD THE DOVE. 547 

nrere bound. These were great difficulties: but there are few 
vhich true love cannot surmount. He preferred perishing 
Lii the attempt to recover his mistress to living without her. 

He heaped a thousand reproaches on the Queen for her 
Implacable hatred. He added that she would have time to 
repent the cruel trick she had played him ; that he was about 
bo leave her, never to return; so that in plotting the loss of 
one she had lost both. The afi^cted mother threw herself on 
her son's neck, bathed him with her tears, and conjured 
him by the grey hairs of his Either, and the love that she 
boare him, not to abandon them; that if he deprived them of 
the consolation of seeing him he would be the cause of their 
death; that he was their only hope, and if he failed them, 
the neighbouring princes, who were their enemies, would 
MiEe upon the kingdom. The Prince listened to her coldly 
bukL respectfully: but be had always before his eyes her harsh 
trcatment of Gonstancia, without whom all the kingdoms of 
the earth had no temptations for him : so that he persisted 
with astonishing firmness in his resolution, to depart the fol- 
lowing morning. 

The King strove in vain to detain him. He passed the 
tofjbit in giving directions to Mirtain; he confided to his care 
fche fidthful ram. He took a great number of jewels, and 
boM 'M'TTtat^Ti to keep the rest^ and that he would be the only 
peraon to whom he would write, and that only on condition 
khat be spoke of him to no one, as he was determined to make 
luB mother sufifer all the ansdety about him that was possible. 
' Day had not dawned before the impatient Constancio was 
on. hortfdfaadk, trusting to Fortune, and praying her to assist 
bim. to xeoover bis mistress. He knew not what road to take, 
but as be understood she had been carried off in a ship, he 
bfaong^t the best way to find her was to go on board one also. 
He made all speed, therefore, to the most noted port, and 
witbout a single attendant, and imknown to every one, he 
iet about infinming himself which was the most distant coun- 
try be could get a passage to, and what coasts, roads, and 
luurboiiiB the vessel could touch at or put into on its voyage. 
* ^' ^r wbiob be embarked with the hope, that so strong and 
icc^ion as that which he cherished could not always 
i unate one. As soon as they saw land, he took 
:it and rowed along the coast, ^ou\ivI^^ ^^ '^ 

nn2 



648 THE PIGEON AND THE DOTE. 

stancia! Fair Constancia! where are you?  I seek for yoa, 
and call on you in vain!  How much longer must we be 
separated?" His lamentations and complaints were wasted 
on the empty air. He returned to the ship, his heart pi^ioed 
with grief, and his eyes full of tears. 

One evening, that they had cast anchor under a great rock, 
he landed as usual on the heach; but as the country was 
unknown, and the night very dark, those who accompanied 
him refused to advance far inland, fearing they might perish 
there. The Prince, who cared little for his life, however, set 
forward, falling and scrambling up again a hundred times; 
at length he perceived a great light, which appeared to pro- 
ceed from some fire. As he approached he hesud much maat, 
and the sound of hammers, which seemed to be giving tre- 
mendous blows. Far from feeling alarmed, he hastened 
onwards, and came to a large forge, open on all sides, and in 
which there was a furnace glowing so intensely, that it seemed 
as if the sun was blazing in the centre of it ; thirty giants, 
each with only one eye in the middle of their foreheads^ were 
at work fiibricating armour and weapons. 

Constancio approached, and said to them, *' If jou can feel 
compassion, amongst all the iron and fire that surround you; 
if, by accident, you have seen the fair Constancia, who hag 
been carried off as a slave by some merchants, land on this 
coast, tell me where I can find her, and ask all I possess in 
the world, I will give it you with pleasure." He had scarcely 
finished his little oration, when the noise, which had ceased 
on his appearance, recommenced louder than ever. " Alas!" 
said he, " my sorrow moves ye not ! Barbarians 1  ^I have 
nothing to hope fi-om you!" 

He was turning away, when he heard a sweet symphony 
which enchanted him; and looking towards the furnace he 
saw, issuing from it, the most beautiful Boy that imagination 
could picture ; he was more brilliant than the fire out of which 
he came. As soon as Constancio had remarked his charms, 
the bandage that covered his eyes, the bow and arrows that 
he bore, he felt siu-e it was Cupid; and so, in fact, it was, 
who called to him : " Stay, Constancio ! thou burnest with 
too pure a flame for me to refuse thee my assistance. I am 
Virtuous Love. It was I who wounded thee for the feir 
Constancia, and it is I who now defend her from the Giant 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 549 

who persecutes her. The Sovereign Fairy is my most inti- 
mate friend : we have combined our powers to preserve Con- 
Btancia for thee, but I must try the strength of thy passion 
before I reveal to thee where she is." " Command, Love ! 
Command what thou wilt," exclaimed the Prince ; " there is 
nothing in which I will not obey thee." " Fling thyself into 
this fire," replied the Boy, " and remember, that if thou lovest 
not truly, and one alone, thou art lost." *' I have no reason 
to fear," said Constancio ; throwing himself instantly into 
the fiimace. All sensation left him; he knew not where or 
what he was. 

He remained in this trance for thirty hours, and on awaking 
>und himself the most beautiful Pigeon in the world. In- 
stead of being in a horrible furnace, he was lying in a little 
nest of roses, jasmines, and honeysuckles. He was as much 
surprised as anybody could be; his rough feet, the various 
colours of his feathers, and his fiery-red eyes, astonished him 
exceedingly. He saw himself in a rivulet; and when he 
attempted to complain of his sad fate, he found he had 
lost the use of speech, though he had retained the power of 
thought 

He looked upon this transformation as the greatest of all 
misfortunes. "Oh, perfidious Love!" said he, in his own 
mind; " is this the reward thou hast bestowed on the truest 
of lovers?  must one be fickle, treacherous, and perjm^d, to 
find favour in thy sight? I have seen many such whom thou 
hast crowned with triumph, whilst thou heapest affliction on 
the really faithful. What hope remains for me imder such 
a form as this ?  Behold me, a Pigeon ! Could I but speak 
as the Blue Bird did of yore, and whose story I have always 
delighted in, I would fiy high and low, near and far, through 
every region, in search of my beloved mistress, and question 
every mortal creatiu:e till I found her ; but I have not the 
power even to pronounce her name, and the only remedy 
left me for my misfortunes is to precipitate myself into some 
abyss, and end them with my life." Full of his fatal design, he 
flew to the top of a high mountain, from which he endea- 
voured to cast himself down : but his wings sustained him in 
spite of himself He was astonished at this; for, having 
never been a Pigeon before, he was not aware of the undesired 
help his pinions would afford him. He took the resolutioUi 



550 THE ?IOEON AKD THE DOYS. 

therefore, of piilling out all his featiierB, and began at onoe to 
pluck himself without mercy. 

In this bare state he was about to try another somereet 
from the crest of a rock, when two girls came suddenly upon 
him. The moment they saw this unfortunate bird, one said 
to the other, " Where can this unhappy pigeon have come 
fromi Has it just escaped from the sharp telons of some bird 
of prey, or out of the jaws of a weasel?" ** I don't know 
where it comes from,*' replied the younger girl; **but I know 
where it will go to;" and advancing upon the quiet little 
creature, " it will go," she continued, " to keep company with 
five others that I mean to make a pie of for the Eairy 
Sovereign." Prince Pigeon, hearing her speak thus, fer from 
attempting to escape, came towards her in the hope that she 
would do him the favour to kill him directly : but, instead 
of causing his death, it saved his life ; for the girls found him 
so tame and prettily mannered, that they detemdned to make 
a pet of him. The handsomest put him into a covered basket, 
in which she usually carried her work, and they continued 
their walk. 

" For some days past," said one of them, " our mistress 
has seemed to be very busy; she is continually mounting 
her Fiery Camel, and flies night and day from pole to pole 
without stopping." " If thou wert to be trusted with a 
secret," replied her companion, " I would tell thee the reason, 
for she has chosen to make me her confidant." " Do, and 
I will be dumb," cried she who had first spoken ; " rest assmred 
of my keeping the secret." " Know, then," rejoined the 
other, " that her Princess Constancia, that she is so fond of, 
is persecuted by a giant who would marry her. He has shut 
her up in a tower, and to prevent his forcing her into this 
match, the Faiiy must do some wonderful things." 

The Prince listened to their conversation as he sat in the 
bottom of the basket. He had thought, up to that moment, 
nothing could increase his misfortunes; but he felt, with the 
keenest grief, that he had much deceived himself; and one 
can easily imagine so after all I have said of his passion, and 
from the position in which he found himself. To have be- 
come a pigeon at the very moment when his assistance was 
so necessary to the Princess, plunged him into perfect despair. 
His imagination, ingenious in tormenting him, pictured to 



THE HGEON AND THE DOVE. 551 

him Constancia in the &tal tower, subjected to the importu- 
nities, the yiolences, and the fury, of a dreadM giant ; he 
feared her courage would fail her, and that she would give 
her consent to the marriage. The next moment, his fear was, 
that she would brave him and lose her life from the rage of 
such a lover! It would be difficult to describe the condition 
the poor Prince was in. 

The young person, who carried him in her little basket, 
having returned with her companion to the palace of the 
Fairy, whose servants they were, found their mistress walking 
in a shady avenue in her garden. They first knelt at her 
feet, and then said, " Great Queen, here is a pigeon we have 
found : it is gentle and tame, and if it had feathers would be 
very handsome; we have determined to bring it up in our 
own room; but if agreeable to you it shall be sent occasionally 
to yours, to amuse you." The Fairy took the basket in which 
the bird was confined, drew it out, and made some serious 
observations on worldly grandeur : for it was extraordinary 
to see such a prince as Constancio under the form of a pigeon 
ready to be stewed or roasted ; and, although it was she her- 
self who had up to that time arranged the whole afi^ir, and 
that nothing had happened but by her orders, she was ad- 
dicted to moralizing on all that occurred, and this incident 
made a great impression upon her. She caressed the little 
pigeon, and he neglected nothing, on his part, to attract her 
attention in order to induce her to alleviate the misery he 
Bufiered from this sad adventure. He made her a low bow, 
after the fashion of a pigeon, drawing back one of his feet 
a little. He billed and cooed affectionately, and though but 
a novice, proved himself already as clever at it as the oldest 
ring-dove or wood-pigeon in the country. 

The Sovereign Fairy carried him into her cabinet, shut the 
door, and said to him, " Prince, the sad condition in which 
I now see thee does not prevent my recognising and loving 
thee for the sake of my daughter Constancia, who fully returns 
thy affection. Blame no one but me for thy transformation. 
I caused thee to enter the furnace to try the truth of thy 
love ; it is pure  ^it is ardent. I give thee full credit for an 
act that redounds to thine honour." The Pigeon bowed three 
times in token of bis gratitude, and listened attentively to 
what the Fairy said to him. 



552 THE PI0BON AND THS DOVE. 

'* The Queen, thy mother," continued she;, ^had Bcansely 
received the money and jewels given her in exchange for this 
Princess, than she had her taken hy force to the merchanti, 
who had bought her, and as soon as they had her on board they 
set^sail for the Indies, where they were certain to make a fine 
profit by the precious gem they had obtained panession o 
Her tears and prayers could not alter their determination. 
In vain she assured them that Prince Gonstancio would ran- 
som her with all he possessed in the world; the more she 
convinced them of the value he set upon her, the greater was 
the speed they made in the fear that he would be informed of 
her abduction, and that he would overtake and snatch from 
them their prey. At length, after having sailed half over 
the globe, they encountered a terrific storm: the PrinceBB, 
overwhelmed by her grie^ and the effects of her voyage, was 
almost dying. They feared they should lose her, and Uxk 
refuge in the nearest port; but as they were landing they 
saw approaching them, a Giant of the most tremendous size. 
He was followed by several others, who all cried out in a 
breath, that they wanted to see what curiosities were on board 
the ship. The first thing that struck the giant's si^t^ on 
stepping aboard, was the young Princess. They knew each 
other again immediately. * Hah ! little wretch,' exclaimed 
the monster, * the just and merciful gods have placed thee 
again in my power! Dost thou remember the day I found 
thee, and that thou didst cut open my sack ? I am much 
mistaken if thou playest me such a trick this time.' So 
saying, he pounced on her as an eagle would on a chicken, 
and, despite the resistance and entreaties of the merchants, 
carried her off in his arms, running as fast as he could to his 
great tower. This tower is on a high mountain. The En- 
chanters, who built it, have neglected nothing that could 
make it beautiful and curious. It has no door ; it is entered 
by the windows, which are placed very high ; the walls are 
of diamonds, which sparkle like the sun, and are impervious 
to any force. In short, all that art and nature combined 
could display of splendour, is outshone by what is to be seen 
there. When the furious giant had secured Constancia, he 
told her that he would marry her, and render her the happiest 
creature in the universe; that he would make her mistress 
of all his treasures *, that he woiild do her the favour to love 



THE PIGEON AND THE DOVE. 558 

her^ and that he did not doubt but that she wonld be en- 
chanted at her good fortune in meeting with him. She gave 
him to understand, by her tears and her lamentations, the 
excess of her despair; and as in secret I was exerting all mj 
power in her fevour, I inspired the Giant with a feeling of 
compassion, which he had never known in his life before; so 
that in Keu of growing angry, he told the Princess he would 
give her a year, during which time he would use no violence; 
but that, if at the end of that period she did not consent to 
his proposal, he would marry her in spite of herself and kill 
her afterwards, so that she might consider which course 
would be the best for her to take. 

* After this fatal declaration, he shut up with her some of 
the most beautiful girls in the world, that they might be her 
companions, and wile away the profound sorrow in which 
she was plunged. He posted giants all round the tower, to 
prevent any one whatever from approaching it ; and in feet, 
should any one have the temerity to do so, they would speedily 
meet the reward of their rashness, for the giant sentinels are 
merciless as they are mighty. 

" At length, the poor Princess, not seeing the least prospect 
of relief, and knowing that the year has expired all but one 
day, has resolved to throw herself from the battlements of the 
tower into the sea. Such, my Lord Pigeon, is the state to 
which she is reduced. The only remedy I can see for this 
evil is, that you should fly to her, carrying in your beak a 
little ring I have here. The moment she puts it on her 
finger, she will become a Dove, and you can then fly away 
together." 

The little Pigeon was in the greatest hurry to be off: he 
did hot know how to make her understand him ; he pulled 
the ruffles, and the flounced apron ^ of the Fairy; he then 
moved to the window, and tapped the panes two or three 
times with his beak. All this meant, in pigeon tongue, 
" I beseech thee. Madam, to send me instantly with the en- 
chanted ring to comfort our lovely Princess!" The Fairy 

(1) Tablier en falbala. The aprons of that day were ornamented with flounces or 
ftirbelows (falhalas), with a profusion of which the gowns were also trimmed. 
Farquhar, in the Inconstant, makes yoimg Mirabel say whimsically, "'I had the 
oddest dxeam last night of the Duchess of Burgundy ; methought the ftirbelows 
of her gown were pinned up so high behind, that I couldnft & \xt \vi\. Vsri^v^ 
tail." Act iii. Scene ]. 



551 THZ PIGMN STJ THE EOVE. 

' Cmo'. Fiy. charrriin/ P.-rerjn," -joid ine to biin. -Hereii 
tho nnsr. wriii:h ';Ii r^ v ;ir j*;.<ie : t^ke .^reac care not u 
iriw; it, fi^r yo!i aloni: can eiir.>.-uce CocaTAnrJA firoDi the saait 
iJif! in in.*' 

I'riurAs \'\'j('jn. m I tiave alreaiij di-ld joa, hrid not kft 
liirnwrir u itiii'^lc furith^r. He hail torn them all oat in his 
cifroiiif; rliHfiiiir. 'J'h*: FLunr ru'oued him all over vich 
A woiidorfiil t;.snonr:<:, that clutuc:*! hizn im.mediatielj inth 
|liirn<{f: tvt lieaiitifiil au'l cxtrarjrdiiiory that the doTes cf 
VtiiiiiH wi;ru not winliiv to be compared to him. He in 
fJi;li^ht.f:il to tv:t'. hinisi^If in such tine feathers again, and taking 
win;; (hrf;('tlv\ ho ruacht-d hy break of day the top of the tower, 
thif dianmnd wall.s of which glittered so brightly that the 
Hiin in hiH s|ih'nilijnr could not outshine thAm, On the 
Hu Mini it. (if the keep there was on exten^siye garden, in the 
n I i dnt ( * f which rohu an orange-tree laden with fiowera and 
I'm it. 'i'he rent of the garden was very curious, and Prince 
Tigenn would have taken considerable pleasure in its co&- 
((Mii)ilation had not hin mind been occupied by more impor- 
l.-iiit niiiltiTs. 

Ill- p.iiliiil (111 the t)i-:inLre-troe, holding the ring iu his 
I'.iw. ..: 1 w.i^ iMttiii:: tfrrildy cinxiuus, when the PriiiceaS 
( Ml :. i \\\v ;',:irdi'ii. Shi' wore II long white robe, her head 
w i . . \.Uil with a ixvciiX hliK-k veil embroidered with gold 
i; w . . .ii.iwn rltise over her fiice, and trailed on the ground 
 i. r.n.l her. 'Die enamoured Pigeon could not doubt that 
.. w.i^ -^l.v. had it been possiible even for another to possess a 
..; N. \\\w, or an air so majestic Shcad\Tinced and seated 
..'*/. under the vn'ange-treo ; and suddenly throwing up 
... ^. .i. ;he Pigoou was for a few minutes perfectly dazzled 
x ... \\cv Kvuity. 

^ui iV}:ivt& mckncholT thoughts!** she exclaimed, ''ye 
'. . w u!elce& My voeful heart has passed a whole twelve- 
.;;t M\^wn b^ and fiaur; but the fatal period has 
^. . 1" "^ -.'.: ::'s  I must die, or marry the 

.: the Sovereign Fairy and 
"y alvindoned me I 'What 
 . what end are 
 -V.-, ;.i once the 
--- :. ii-icTnuned 



1  



THE PIGEON AND THE DOTE, 555 

air, to precipitate herself from the battlements; but as the 
slightest noise alarmed her, and she heard the young Pigeon 
flutter in the tree, she looked up to ascertain the cause, and 
the bird at the same moment alighted on her shoulder and 
dropped the important ring into her bosom. The Princess, 
surprised at the caresses of this beautiful bird and his 
charming plumage, was equally so at the present he had made 
her. She examined the hng: she observed upon it some 
mysterious characters, and was still holding it in her hand 
when the giant, unobserved by her, entered the garden. 

One of the women who waited on her had informed this 
dreadful lover of the despair of the Princess, and that she had 
resolved to kill herself rather than marry him. When he heard 
that she had ascended to the top of the tower so early in the 
morning, he anticipated some Eital catastrophe. His heart, 
which till then had never been agitated by any but the most 
barbarous passions, was so enchanted by the beautiful eyes of 
that amiable maiden that he loved her tenderly. Ye gods ! 
what were her feelings at the sight of him. She dreaded that 
he would deprive her of the opportimity of destroying herself. 
The poor Pigeon was not a little alarmed at this formidable 
Colossus. In her confusion the Princess slipped the ring on 
her finger, and, oh, wonderful to relate, she was instantly 
changed into a dove, and flew off with the &lthful Pigeon as 
&st afi her wings could carry her. 

Never was anybody so astonished as the Giant. After 
staring at his mistress, who in the form of a dove was 
cleaving the vast expanse of air, he stood for some time per; 
fectly motionless. Then uttered such yells and howls that 
the very mountains shook with them. They ended only with 
his life, which he terminated by flinging himself into the sea, 
wherein it was much fitter he should be drowned than that 
charming Princess. She, in the meanwhile, was flying far 
away wifii her guide; but when they had got to a sufficient 
distance to feel out of danger, they alighted gently in a 
woodland spot, shaded with many trees, and carpeted with 
grass and flowers. 

Constancia was still ignorant that the Pigeon was her lover. 
He was exceedingly distressed that he could not inform her 
of the fact by word of mouth, when suddenly he felt an 
invisible hand loosen his tongue. In great delight at this, he 



558 THE PIGEON AND THE DOYB. 

The Sovereign Fairy remained some time with the newly 
married birds. She could not sufficiently applaud the con- 
tempt they had shown for worldly grandeur. It cannot be 
doubted that they took the surest means to enjoy a peaceful 
existence. At length she took her leaye of them, and it it 
well known from her account, and from Cupid's, that Prince 
Pigeon and Princess Dove loved each other feithfully for 
ever. 

Of faithAil love behold the destiny, 
Cares still tormmting  Hopes hut born to die ; 
stern trials, sad reverses  'Neath the sun 
The course of true love never smooth did runJ 
Cupid, who links us by such charming ties, 
Can lead to happiness in various vise ; 
The god by troubles oft ensures our bliss. 
Young hearts, who sigh o'er such a tale as this, 
Know that when Love is pure, suspense and pain 
Are but the heralds of his happy reign. 



(I) The Countess does not actually paraphrase Shakspeare, but the sense of the 
passages is so similar, that, as in a former instance, p. 104, 1 felt I could not render 
the original more faithfully than by availing myself of a popular quotation. 



PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI. 



Once upon a time there was a Princess, of whose past gran- 
deur nothing remained but her canopy and her cadenas} The 
one was of velvet, embroidered with pearls, the other of gold, 
enriched with diamonds. She kept them as long as she could; 
but the extreme necessity to which she found herself reduced 
obliged her, every now and then, to take off a pearl, a dia- 
mond, or an emerald, and sell it privately for the support of 
her attendants. She was a widow, left with three daughters 
very young, and very amiable. She considered, that if she 
brought them up with the grandeur and magnificence befitting 
their birth, they would feel the inevitable alteration in their 
circumstances more keenly; she therefore took the resolution 
to sell what little property she had left, and to go and settle 
with her three daughters in some country house a long way 
ofl^ where they might manage to live within their slender 
income. In passing through a forest infested with thieves, 
she was robbed, and left all but destitute. The poor Princess, 
more afflicted by this last misfortune than by all that she had 
before experienced, saw plainly that she must either work for 
her bread, or perish with hunger. She had formerly taken 
pleasure in keeping a good table, and knew how to make 
excellent sauces. She never went anywhere without her 
little golden spice-box,^ which people came to see from a great 
distai\ce. That which used ^to be her amusement now fur- 
nished her with the means of subsistence. She settled herself 
in a very pretty house near-a large city, and made wonderful 

. v'l) A case for knife, fork, spoon, &c.; see note, page 437. 
' (2) " Petite cuisine d'or." Cuisine in this sense signifies " a long box with several 
compartments, which contain everything requisite for making ragouts, and which 
can be carried about when travelling."  Landais. It has been previously translated, 
^ A small kitchen, furnished with golden plate." 



S60 PBINCnB BILLI-SIQII2 AUD IBXHCI CHK. 

mgouta. Hm people in thoM parte went fiond ofSMd Gmt 
o erwybCH^ flocked to her eaUHiiAnwrnt lathing im 
talked of but the exoelleat ootA: Hiaf mhos(j' ilknNa.lia 
e to breathe. la tlie meaniriiile bar three dMig' 



time to breathe. la the meaninule her three cuHW)teq|p><' 
np, and thur beaoty would hare beat do Ism tiujkad oCftia 
the Prinoow'fl nnoei, if ibe had not kc^ Utem ia Mr 
ohamber, oat of which thtiy were nraly allowod ta go. 

On one of the flneat da^ in the year, tiiere o&me in & Utile 
old woman, who aeemed nrj weary. She leaned npoa her 
tiok, her bo^ waa ahooat bait donble, and her &oe Mi of 
wrinidM. "I oome," taid she, "to eat one of your good 
dinnera, fi>r I wiah, befine I go to another world, to be able 
to boaat of omettiing I have eqjoyed in this." She took 
a straw ohair, aeated heraelf near the fiie, and told the Frin- 
oeaa to make haata  Aa ahe ooold not do everything herself 
ahe oalled her three daughtera ; the fint waa named Roussette, 
the eeoond, Bmnette, and the tbiid, Blondine. She bad named 
eaoh after the oolonr of her hair. Tttey were dressed lik 
oountrf girl% in boddioea and pettiooata of different colom^ 
The yooDgeat waa the haudsomeet, aitd the moat gentle. 
Hbtai mother ordered one to fetch some joung pigeoiia out of 
the dove-oot, another to kill eome ohickens and the third to 
make the pastiy. In short, they quickly set before the old 
woman a nice clean table-cloth, a very white napkin, highly 
polished earthenware, and a good dinner of Bevoral counes. 
The wine was good, there waa no lack of ioe, the glaesea were 
rinsed every momeitt by the iairest hands ia the world ; all this 
whetted the appetite of the good little old woman. She got 
a little merry, and aaid a thousand things, in which the 
Princess, who appeared to be tAkiog do notion discovered 
considerable wit. 

The meal, being finished as gaily as it b^ao, the old womin 
arose, and said to the Princess, " My very good &iend, if I 
had money I would pay you : but I have been long a b^gir. 
I could lu.ve found no such good cheer elsewhere, and aU 
I can promise you is, that I will send you better oxutomot 
than myself." The Princess smiled, and said to her kindly, 
" Go, my good mother, do not trouble youisel^ I am alwajl 
paid when I have gratified any one." " We are delighted to 
have waited on you," said Blondine ; " and if you wiH ttaj 
supper, we shall be still more so." " How happy are tbi;, 



PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERL 561 

:id the old woman, "who are bom with such benevolent 
.'^arts! But do you imagine you will not be rewarded? Be 
sured," continued she, " that the . first wish you make with- 
nt thinking of me, will be fulfilled." At the same moment 
-le disappeared, and they had not the least doubt of her being 
fairy. 

They were astonished at this adventure. They had never 

jen a &iry before. They were frightened, and talked of her 

instantly for five or six months, so that, whenever they 

. iahed for anything she came immediately into their minds. 

lOthing, therefore, came to pass, which greatly incensed them 

gaiimt the Fairy. But one day, that the King was going out 

1 anting, he called in passing at the celebrated Cook's, to ascer- 

ain if she were really as clever as report asserted, and as he 

approached the garden, in which the three sisters were 

gathering strawberries, they heard the noise, and Roussette 

ozolaimed, " Ah ! if I were fortunate enough to marry my 

ijord Admiral, I venture to say, that, with my spindle and 

ijstaff, I would spin so much thread, and with that thread 

make so much doth, that he would never want to purchase 

aay more for the sails of his vessels." '' And I," said Brunette, 

"^ if Fortune were sufficiently &vourable to me to make me 

tbe wife of the King's brother; 1 venture to say, that, with 

Biy needle^ I would make him so much lace that his palace 

would be filled with it"  And I," said Blondine, " I ven- 

bm to flay, that if the King married me, I would bring him 

two haadaome boys, and a beautiful girl, whose hair should 

Gall in ringlety out of which should come fine jewels, and 

JMUsh flhould have a brilliant star on the forehead, and a rich 

ofaain of gold around the neck." 

One of the king's &vourites who had preceded him to 
inform the mistress of the house of his majesty's approach, 
baving heard voices in the garden, stopped and listened 
inietly, and was greatly surprised at the conversation of these 
three handsome girls. He went in all haste to amuse the 
King by its repetition. The King laughed at it, and ordered 
girls to be brought before him. 
They quickly presented themselves with wonderful grace 
' <rood manners. They saluted the King with much 
t and modesty, and when he inquired if it were true that 
...id been holding such a conversation ieis^c^ 

o 



5ftS PmNGEBS BBLU-iraiLB AHB niHCE GHKBL 

buabands they denied, thej Undied and cart down iWr 
eyea. He prened them rtill fiirtfaff to Mknowledgo it. "Btif 
did 80, ftnd he immediately exclaimed, " I oertamly do wk 
know what power ia inflneneing me, but I will not lecieiil 
house until I haTO married the beaatiful Bloodine.'* ^'Sb^* 
aaid the Kingfa brother, '^ I crave your pemuaBBoii tomnrf 
this loTely Bronette.* ^ Grant me a aimilar fiivomv Sii^ 
aaid the Admiral, '^ lor thia goldea-haared girl pluaaai ! 
greatly.- 

The King^ mach gratified at being thiu imitated by Hk 
diief persona in bia dominiona, told them he a pp r o ved of tiMit 
didoe, and asked the mother of the yoong women if ahe flfli^ 
amted. She replied that it gave her the greatoat joy da 
conld ever hope to ezpenenoe. Hie King emfanujed he^anl 
the Prinoe and the Admiral fidlowedhiB eumfHa, 

When the King waa ready for dinner, there came down ill 
chimney a table laid for seven with gold plate and everfthisg 
that oouM be imagined moat delioate to provoike the i^ypetite. 
The King^ however, heattated to taste anything; he ftaied 
the witdiea had cooked the vianda atone of their foativml^ and 
this mode <^ serving it by the chimney appeared to hiai 
rather suspicions. The buffet was also set out. Nothing was 
to be seen but basins and vases of gold, the workmanship of 
which surpassed the material At the same time a swarm of 
bees appeared in crystal hives, and commenced the most 
charmiDg music that can possibly be imagined. The whole 
dining-room was filled with hornets, bees, wasps^ goata, and 
other insects of that description, which waited on the Kiog 
with supernatural ability. Three or four thousand flies 
helped him to wine, without one of them daring to drown 
itself in it, which evinced a moderation and a discipline ptf- 
fectly astonishing. The Princess and her daughters saw 
clearly enough that all this could only be attributed to the 
little old womauy and they blessed the hour they had known 
her. 

After the banquet, which lasted so long that night sur- 
prised the company at table, (of which his majesty waa rather 
ashamed, for it appeared as if Bacchus had taken the place of 
Cupid at this marriage,) the King rose and SEud, ** Let xa 
finish this ceremony as we ought to have begun it.*" He 
drew his ring from his finger, and placed it on that of Blon* 



PBINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI. 563 

dine : the Prince and the Admiral imitated their sovereign. 
The bees sang with redoubled vigour as the company danced, 
and made very merry, and all those who came in the King's 
^rain advanced, and saluted the Queen and the Princess her 
8]ster As to the wife of the Admiral they treated her with 
leas ceremony, which annoyed her excessively, for she was the 
eider sister of Brunette and Blondine, and had made the least 
brilliant match of the three. 

The King sent his grand Equerry to inform the Queen, his 
mother, of what had taken place, and to order out his most 
magnificent coaches to fetch Blondine and her two sisters. 
The Queen-Mother was the most cruel and passionate woman 
in the world. When she heard that her son had married 
without 'consulting her, and moreover a girl of obscure birth, 
and that the Prince, his brother, had done the same thing, 
she flew into such a rage that she frightened the whole Court. 
She asked the Grand Equerry what motive could possibly 
have induced the King to make so degrading a match. He 
answered, the hope of becoming the father of two boys and a 
girl who should be bom with long curly hair, stars on their 
foreheads, and gold chains round their necks, and that the 
idea of such wonderful things had enchanted him. The 
Queen-Mother smiled contemptuously at the credulity of her 
son, and made several offensive observations upon it, which 
sufficiently evinced the fury she was in. 

The coaches had already arrived at the little country house. 
The King invited his mother-in-law to follow him, and pro- 
mised that she should be treated with the greatest distinction ; 
but she reflected that the Court was like a sea in constant 
motion, and said, " Sire, I have had too much experience of 
the world to quit the quiet retreat it has cost me such trouble 
to obtain." " Whatl" said the King, "will you continue to 
keep an eating-house?" "No," she replied; "you will allow 
me something to live on." " At least permit me," added the 
King, " to give you an establishment and officers to attend on 
you." " I thank you, Sire," said the Princess : " while I live 
by myself I shall have no enemies to trouble me ; but if I 
had a train of domestics I fear I might find some amongst 
them." The King admired the sense and discretion of a 
woman who thought and spoke like a philosopher. 

While he was pressing his mother-in-law to accompany 

o o 2 



564 PBINCESS BELLE-ETOUE AND PRINCE CHERL 

him, RouBsette, the Admiral's lady, contrived to hide in the 
bottom of her coach all the fine basins and gold vases frm 
the buffet, determined not to lose one of them; but the Fairy, 
who saw everything though nobody saw her, changed them 
into earthenware. When Roussette arrived at Court, and 
would have carried them into her cabinet, she found nothiog 
that was worth the trouble. The King and Queen tenderij 
embraced the prudent Princess, and assured her that dio 
might command whatever lay in their power. They quitted 
the rural abode, and repaired to the city, preceded by trum- 
pets, hautbois, kettle and other drums, which made noiso 
enough to be heard a long way off. The confidants of the 
Queen-Mother had advised her to conceal her displeasure^ as 
it would offend the King, and the consequenoes mi^t be 
disagreeable. She constrained herself therefiDre, and received 
her two daughters-in-law with apparent kindness^ making 
them presents of jewels, and praising whatever they did^ 
whether it was good or h&d. 

The feir Queen and Princess Brunette were united by a 
strict friendship ; but Roussette hated them both mortally 
** Only see," said she, "the good luck of my two sisters; one 
is a Queen, the other wife of a Prince of the blood-royaL 
Their husbands adore them ; and I, who am the eldest, and 
who consider myself an hundred times handsomer than either 
of them, I have only married an admiral, who doesn't care for 
me half as much as he ought." The jealousy she entertained 
of her sisters soon made her one of the party of the Queen- 
Mother, for it was well known that the affection she displayed 
for her daughters-in-law was but feigned, and that notlung 
would give her more pleasure than an opportunity to do them 
some mischief. The Queen and the Princess were both 
approaching the period for their confinement, when unfortu- 
nately a serious war broke out, and the King was compelled 
to depart to place himself at the head of his army. The 
young Queen and the Princess being obliged to remain 
behind in the power of the Queen-Mother, beseeched the 
King to permit them to return to their own mother, and 
seek consolation with her during the cruel absence of their 
husbands. The King could not consent to this ; he conjured 
his wife to remain in the palace; he assured her that his 
mother would use her well, and indeed he implored her most 






-^ PRINCESS BMXE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI. 565 

earnestly to love and cherish her daughter-in-law, adding 

~ that she could not ohlige him more than by so doing ; that he 

~aiiticipated being the Either of beautiful children, and that he 

ihoiLld look with the greatest anxiety for the news of their 

Inrth. The wicked old Queen, enchanted that her son con- 

jBded his wife to her care, promised him she would think of 

j^iotbing but Blondine's safety, and assured him he might 

']teake himself perfectly easy on that score. He therefore took 

- jba departure, but with so much desire to return quickly, that 

Jbe risked his troops in every encounter, and fortune con- 

.ilinually favoured his rashness, and crowned all his plans with 

.access. The Queen was confined, however, before the cam- 

, ]baign was ended, and the Princess her sister gave birth the same 

Say to a beautiful boy, but died almost immediately after. 

Roussette, the admiral's wife, was very busy in forming 
plans to injure the young Queen. When she saw her the 
mother of such lovely children, and had none herself, her rage 
increased. She determined to speak at once to the Queen- 
Mother, for there was no time to lose. " Madam," said she 
to her, " I am so deeply sensible of the honour your majesty 
has done me in looking on me with some little favour, that I 
would willingly sacrifice my interests to further yours. I can 
oomprehend all the vexation that you must have endured 
since the King and the Prince formed such degrading alliances. 
Here are now four children bom to perpetuate the errors of 
their fathers. Our mother is a poor villager, who was in want 
of bread, when it occurred to her to turn cook and make 
fricassees. Take my advice, Madam, let us make a fricassee of 
these little brats, and send them out of the world before they 
cause you to blush at them." " Ah, my dear lady Admiral,'* 
cried the Queen, embracing her ; " how I love thee for thy 
sense of justice, and for sharing as thou dost in my well- 
founded indignation ! I had already resolved to do what thou 
hast suggested. I am only perplexed as to the mode of 
operation." " Give yourself no trouble about it, Madam," 
replied Roussette; *^my lap-dog has just had three puppies, 
two male and one female; they have each a star on their 
forehead, and a mark round their necks, which has the effect 
of a chain. We must make the Queen believe that she has 
been brought to bed of these little brutes, and take the two 
boys, the girl, and the son of the Princess,, ^xA V-a:^^ 



566 PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PBINCE CHEBI. 

made away with." " Thy project pleases me vastly,** exclaimed 
the Queen-Mother. '' I have already given some orders to 
Feiutise, the Queen*s Lady-iD-Waiting, on this subject, so 
that we have only to send for the little dogs." *' Here they 
are," said the Admiral's wife, " I brought them with me ;** so 
saying she opened a large purse which she always carried at 
her side, and pulled out of it three blind puppies, which the 
Queen-Mother and she swaddled in fine linen, embroidered 
with gold, and ornamented with lace, as the royal childrea 
should have been. They placed them in a covered basket, 
and then the wicked old Queen, followed by Kousaette, pro- 
ceeded to the young Queen's apartment " I come to thank 
you," said the Queen- Mother, " for the beautiful heirs you 
have presented to my son. Here are heads well formed to 
wear a crown. I am not siu*prised that you promised your 
husband two sons and a daughter, with stars on their fore- 
heads, flowing locks and chains of gold round their necks. 
Take them and nurse them yourself, for you will find no 
woman who will suckle puppies." 

The poor Queen, who was well-nigh exhausted with the 
sufferings she had undergone, was ready to die with grief 
when she saw the three little beasts of dogs, and the sort of 
kennel they made of her bed, in which they lay yelping des- 
perately. She began to weep bitterly, then clasping her 
hands, she said, " Alas ! Madam, add not to my affliction by 
your reproaches; I could scarcely have had a greater one 
befall me. I should have thought myself too happy if the 
gods had permitted me to die before I had known the disgrace 
of being mother to these little monsters. The King will hate 
me as much as he loved me." Her voice was stifled with 
sighs and sobs. She had not strength to say more, and the 
Queen-Mother, continuing to load her with abuses, had the 
pleasure of passing three hours at the head of her bed as she 
lay in that wretched condition. At last she left her, and the 
Queen's sister, who pretended to sympathise with her sorrow, 
told her that she was not the first who had met with such a 
n^isfortune; that it was clearly a trick of the old Fairy who 
had promised to work such wonders for them ; but that as it 
inight be dangerous for her to see the King, she advised her 
^o go to her poor mother with her three little brats ot 
Poppies. The Queen answered only with tears. The heart 



PBINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI. 567 

must have been hard indeed that was not moved by the state 
she was reduced to, suckling those filthy whelps under the 
impression that she was their mother. 

The old Queen ordered Feintise to strangle the Queen's 
three children and the son of the Princess, and buiy them so 
secretly that no one should ever be the wiser. As she was 
about to execute this order, and held already in her hand the 
&Ltal cord, she cast her eyes on the poor infants, and was so 
struck by their beauty and the extraordinary appearance of 
the stars that sparkled on their foreheads, that she shrank 
from dipping her hands in such illustrious blood ! 

She had a boat brought round to the sea-beach. They put 
the four bab^s into the same cradle with some strings of 
jewels, so that if fortune should cast them into the hands of 
some one charitable enough to bring them up they would be 
rewarded for their trouble. 

The boat driving before a stiff breeze was soon so far out at 
sea that Feintise could no longer distinguish it. At the 
same time the waves began to rise, the sun was shrouded, 
the clouds broke into torrents of rain, and a thousand claps 
of thunder woke the echoes all around. She could not doubt 
that the boat would be swamped, and she felt relieved by the 
thought that the poor little innocents would perish, for she 
would otherwise be always haunted by the fear that some 
extraordinary event would occur in their favoiu*, and betray 
the share she had had in their preservation. 

The King, incessantly occupied with the thoughts of his 
dear wife, and of the state in which he had left her, having 
agreed to a short truce, came back post haste to the city. 
He reached the palace twelve hours after the Queen's confine- 
ment. When the Queen-Mother heard of his arrival, she 
went to meet him with a well put on air of grief. She held 
him for a long time clasped to her bosom, bathing his face 
with her tears. It appeared as if her sorrow had deprived 
her of words. The King, trembling from hand to foot, 
dreaded to ask what had happened, for he could not doubt 
that some great disaster had befallen him. At length she 
made a great effort, and told him that his wife had given 
birth to three puppies. They were immediately produced by 
Feintise ; and the Admiral's wife, all in tears, flinging herself 
at the King's feet^ implored him not to ^\)A. \)dl^ ^ 



1 L i M n iii r 1 I.  



tl ^Mi*^  .rfl ii"i*ii iir yi tfiiiwii 



euMjL !Uit Aer^ 



PRINCESS BEMiE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERT. 569 

Corsair's wife, whose name was Corsine, was enchanted at the 
resolution her husband had come to, and loved the four infants 
BO much the more for it. She named the Princess Belle- 
Etoile, her eldest brother Petit-Soleil, the second Heureux, and 
the son of the Princess, Cheri. The latter was much hand- 
somer than either of the other two boys, so that, although he 
had neither star nor chain, Corsine loved him more than she 
did his cousins. 

As she could not bring them all up without the aid of a 
nurse, she requested' her husband, who was exceedingly fond 
of hunting, to catch her some very young fawns. This he 
soon found means of doing, as the forest in which they lived 
was extensive and well stocked with deer. Corsine, having 
acquired the febwns, tied them up to windward, and the Hinds 
smelling them, came to suckle them. Corsine then hid the 
fawns and put the infants in their place, who thrived admi- 
rably on the milk of the hinds. Four of them came twice a 
tiay to Corsine's dwelling, in search of the Princes and Princess, 
whom they took for fawns. 

Thus passed the early infancy of these royal children. The 
Corsair and his wife were so passionately fond of them that 
they lavished upon them every attention. The man had been 
well educated. It was less from inclination than the caprice 
of fortune that he had become a Corsair. He had married 
Corsine when she was in the service of a Princess, in whose 
court she had happily cultivated her natural talents. She had 
excellent manners, and though she resided in a sort of wilder- 
ness, where she and her huslmnd subsisted only on the plunder 
he brought home from his cruises, she had not forgotten the 
usages of polite society. They were highly delighted at being 
no longer obliged to expose themselves to the peril attending 
the trade of a Corsair. They had become sufficiently rich to 
discontinue it, for every three days there dropped, as I have 
already said, from the beautiful hair of the Princess and her 
brothers, jewels of great value, which Corsine disposed of in 
the nearest town, and always brought back from it a thousand 
pretty things for her four babies. 

As they grew older, the Corsair applied himself seriously 
to the cultivation of the fine natural abilities with which 
heaven had endowed them, and as he felt convinced there 
were some great mysteries attached to tYievt XiVtV " *^^ 



670 PfilNGESS BXLL&-SIOILI ANB FBINGS CBXBX* 

accident by which he had met with them, he denredy byhii 
care of their educatioDy to prove his giatitude to the godi fat 
the present they had made him. So having rendered ha 
dwelling more habitable, he attracted to it penona of taleiil> 
who taught the children varioua goienceSy wludi they acqnind 
with a &cility surprising to all their great masters. 

The Corsair and his wile had never told the storj of the 
four children. They passed for their own, although tibwy gave 
evidence by all their actions that they came of move illustriooi 
blood. They were exceedingly united, unaEeoted, and cour- 
teous; but Prince Cheri entertained for Princess BeUe-EicMle 
a more ardent and devoted affection than the other two. The 
moment she expressed a wish for anything; he would aiteaqpt 
even impossibilities to gratify her; he scarcely ever quitted 
her side. When she went hunting, he accompanied ha: 
when she stayed at home he always found some excuse hr not 
going out hiinsel Petit-Soleil and Heureux, who were her 
brothers, addressed her with less tenderness and less respect 
She remarked the difference, and doing justice to Cheri, ihe 
loved him better than she did the others. As they grew np^ 
their mutual affection increased with their age. At first it 
was productive of unalloyed pleasure. ^' My gentle brother/ 
said Belle-Etoile to him, "if my wishes could render you 
happy, you should be oue of the greatest kings on earth" 
" Alas, sister !" replied he, " do not begrudge me the happiness 
I enjoy in your society. I prefer passing one hour where you 
are to all the grandeur you desire for me." When she made 
a similar speech to her brothers, they answered frankly that 
they should be delighted, and when to prove them she added, 
''Yes, I would that ye sat on the highest thrones in the 
world, though I should never see ye more." They imme- 
diately answered, " You are right, sister, it would be well worth 
the sacrifice." " You would consent then, in that case," said 
she, " not to see me again?" " Certainly," they replied, "we 
should be satisfied with occasionally hearing of you." 

When she was alone she reflected on these various modes 
of loving, and she found her own feelings corresponded 
exactly to theirs, for though Petit-Soleil and Heureux were 
dear to her, she had no desire to pass her life continually with 
them, while with regard to Cheri, she burst into tears when- 
ever she contemplated the probabUity that their &ther might 



PRINCESS BELLB-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI. 571 

send him to sea or carry him to the wars. It was then 
that love, disguised under the specious form of natural affec- 
tion, established itself in these young hearts. At fourteen, 
Belle-Etoile began to reproach herself with the injustice she 
felt she was doing her brothers by not loving them all equally 
welL She imagined that the attentions and caresses of Cheri 
were the cause of it. She forbade him to seek more oppor- 
tunities of pleasing her, " You have already found but too 
many," said she to him graciously; "and you have suc- 
ceeded in causing me to make a great difference between our 
brothers and yourself." What joy did he not feel at hearing 
her speak thus? Far from relaxing in his assiduities, he 
redoubled them, and every day paid her some new and gallant 
attention. 

They were as yet ignorant both of the extent and of the 
nature of their affection, when one day some new books were 
brought to Belle-Etoile. She took up the first that came to 
hand. It was the history of two young lovers, whose passion 
had commenced whilst they considered themselves brother 
and sister. They had afterwards been discovered by their 
families, and eventually, after passing through infinite troubles, 
espoused each other.^ As Cheri read remarkably well, and not 
only understood what he read, but had the faculty of convey- 
ing the full sense of it to others, the Princess requested him 
to read to her, while she finished some work in flock-silk 
which she was anxious to complete. He read, therefore, the 
above story, and it was not without much emotion that he 
discovered in it a perfect description of all his feelings. Belle- 
Etoile was not less surprised. It seemed as though the author 
had read all that was passing in her soul. The more Cheri 
read the more he was agitated. The more the Princess 
listened, the more was she affected. Despite of all her efforts 
her eyes filled with tears, and they ran down her cheeks. 
Cheri, also, struggled in vain against his feelings. He turned 
pale, his voice faltered. Each of them suffered all that can 
be imagined under such circumstances. "Ah, sister," he 
exclaimed, gazing on her sadly and dropping the book, " how 
happy was Hippolyte in not being the brother of Julie ! " " We 
are not so fortunate," replied she ; " alas, do we less deserve 

(1) The names of Hippolyte and Julie which follow, show that Madame d'Aulnoy 
here alludes to her own novel, " Histoire d'Hippolyte, Comte d DM%Va&." 



67S IBIMCBflB Bniift-StOIU AHB IirGK9SKL 

to be sol** As she uttered theie "WtdM, fehe Mk abe kidU| 
too miioh. She tt<^>ped in great oonftMBoo, and if JMogftai 
oould liave cnubed the Frisoe, it was tiw steile pa irtdoh  
aaw her. 

From tiiat moment^ the^ both ftll into a profo vi tii^. 
eholjy withoat farther explanation. Thegr pueQj peronni 
what was paaung in their aonli^ and studied to oomeal fioa 
every one the secret which they woidd wiBiagly Iwve bi 
ignorant of themadves, and which they never qpc^cfto^flsA 
other. Still it is so natural to jBatter oome^ that tfcl 
Princess built much upon the fitct that Cheri Alene hal 
neither a star on his fimhead n<Hr a chain ravuid his naoti 
although he had long lingjeta, out of wfauh jemk ftU wta 
they were combed, &e same as his cousins. 

The three Princes having <me day gone out Iimliqg 
together, Belle-Etoile idiut herself up in a nnaU eafafiait 
wUch she was partial to because it was gloomy and i^ 
could muse in it at more liberty than elsemetv. She asto 
there perfectly still and silent ' This cabinet was dMki 
from Ck>r8ine's chamber only 17^ the wainscot^ and she inM^giDed 
that the Princess was out walking. The ktteri theidbn^ 
heard her say to the Corsair, " Belle-Etoile is now of an age 
to be married. If we knew who she was we would endeavour 
to provide a suitable match for her; or if we oould ascertain 
that those who pass for her brothers were not so, we would 
give her to one of them, for where oould she ever find any so 
perfectly handsome T 

** When I fell in with them," said the Corsair, " I saw 
nothing that could give me any idea of their birth. The 
jewels that were tied to their cradle showed that they be- 
longed to wealthy people. What was most singular, they 
appeared from their ages to have been all bom at the same 
time, and four at a birth is by no means a common occur- 
rence."  I suspect also," said Corsine, " that Cheri is not 
their brother, he has neither star nor neck-chain." ' That's 
true," replied her husband; ''but diamonds fall from his hair, 
as they do from that of the others. After all the wealth we have 
amassed through the means of these dear children, the only 
wish I have left is to discover their origin," '' We must leave 
It to the gods," said Corsine; " they gave them to us, and in 
their own good time they will no doubt develop the mystery.** 



PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI^ 573 

Belle-Etoile listened attentively to this conversation. It is 
impossible to describe her delight at the hope she was thereby 
led to entertain that she was of some illustrious race ; for, 
though she had always respected those whom she had con- 
sidered her parents, edie coidd not help feeling some pain at 
being the daughter of a Corsair; but what still more en- 
chanted her was, the thought that Cheri might not be 
her brother. She was all impatience to talk to him about it, 
ftkid to relate to the whole party the extrardinary adventure 
|he had become acquainted with. 

She mounted an Isabella-coloured horse ;^ the black mane 
of which was dressed with rows of diamonds ; for she had only 
to pass a comb once through her hair, to obtain jewels enough 
to decorate an entire hunting equipage. The green velvet 
housings of her steed were covered with diamonds and 
embroidered with rubies. She was quickly in the saddle, 
and away to the forest in search of her brothers. The sound 
ti horns and hounds sufficiently indicated their whereabouts, 
and she joined them in a few minutes. At the first sight of 
her, Cheri left the chase and advanced to meet her much 
^foicker than the others. " What an agreeable surprise, 
BeUe-Etoile!" he cried; ''you at length out hunting; who 
eould not be diverted for an instant from the pleasure you 
derive from music, and the sciences, which you make your 
tody." 

" I have 80 mnoh to tell yon," replied she, " that wishing 
to see you alone, I oame to seek you.** ** Alais, sister !" said 
he aighing^ " what would you with me to-day f It appears to 
Vie, you long ago determined not to require anything at 
wtj hands.** She blushed, and casting down her eyes, sat 
upon her hone, sad and thoughtfrd, without replying to him. 
At length her two brothers came up, she roused herself at 
sight of them, as though she had been in a deep sleep, and 
jumped to the ground, leading the way; they all followed her, 
and when she reached the middle of a little piece of mossy 
ground, shaded by trees, *' Sit down here," said she, " and 
learn what I have just heard.'* She related to them exactly 
the oonversation the Corsair had with his wife, and how 
it appeared that they were not their children. Nothing could 
^ ^he surprise of the three Princes; they consulted among 

(1) Dim-cdouxed, lee note, page tn. 





674 nmcEB BULB-nons mmb fumat 

theinielT6iwhAttli0joii|^toila Obj 
out laying anything ; the otho*, wm 
third, wished to depMi and to wkj i 
that his was the sorest way, liinaii Ae monej tiie 
and his wife made by eomliiqg tiieoiy voold indnei' 
to retain them. Hie otiurni^sd, li wroold be wefl tft tf 
them, if ther knew what plaee to ftc iqpon to go to^ auil^wi 
would be their oonditikm; but to be eaDed 'vagranls lli| 
world was not an agreeable tiung: the lart added, ttiit 
would be very ungratefol toaha nd a n fliehrp j a ui i m% wM|i 
their consent; but that it would be eqoallf atapid to wiftfl 
remain longer with them in the middle of a Ibras^ whoefti 
oould not learn who they wero; and tbai^ there tot e , tibeW 
thing would be to speak to them, and wmkm Aeai ooniBBtb 
their departure. Tliey all approved of this adviee^ andinmi^ 
diately mounted their hones to seek the Cocaair and Oonitt 

Cheri's heart was flattered by all that hope oonld sqggal 
most agreeable, to console an afflicted lover; hia love enaUri 
him to divine some portion of the ftrtore; he did not befieff 
he was Belle-Etoile's brother: his long-oooBtrained pasBbi 
finding some little vent inspired him with a thonaand tendor 
thoughts which charmed him. They aoooated the CotBur 
and Corsine with looks of mingled joy and anxiety. ^ We do 
not come/' said Petit-Soleil, (for he was spokesman^) to deny 
the alTectiou, and gratitude, and the respect we owe you: 
altliough we are informed of the way in which you found us 
at sea, and that you are neither our father nor mother, your 
compassion in saving us, the excellent education you hsTe 
given us, the care and kindness you have manifested, are sudi 
indisputable obligations, that nothing in the world can free 
us from our duty to you. We come, then, to repeat to you 
our sincere thanks, to entreat you to relate to ns the par- 
ticulars of so extraordinary an incident, and to counsel us, so 
that, acting upon your sago advice, we should have nothing 
wherewith to reproach oiuBelves." 

The Corsair and Corsine were much surprised at the dis- 
covery of what they bad so carefully concealed. " You have 
been informed too truly," said the Corsair, " and we cannot hide 
from you, that you are indeed not our children, and that 
fortune alone threw you into our hand. We have no insight 
as to your birth, but the jewels which were in your crs^e 



PEINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PEINCB CHBRI. 575 

indicated that your parents were either great lords, or very 
lixii people,  as to the rest,  ^what advice can we give you ? 
If you consult our afifection for you, certainly you would 
remain with us, and console our old age by your charming 
company. If the mansion we have built here does not please 
you, or that living in this retirement distresses you, we will 
go wherever you wish, provided it is not to Court ; long ex- 
perience has given us a distaste to it ; and you would be 
dugosted also, perhaps, if you were made acquainted with the 
continual troubles, dissimulations, jealousies, caprices, real 
evilB, and imaginary benefits that are to be met with there : 
we could tell you still more about it ; but you would think 
that our counsels were interested. Indeed, they are so, my 
children, for we would wish you to remain in this peaceful 
retreat, although you are your own masters to leave it when- 
ever you like. At the same time remember you are at 
pcesent in port, and you would venture on a tempestuous 
ooean ; that the troubles of it nearly always surpass the plea- 
sures ; that life is short, that it is often quitted in the midst of 
our career, that the grandeursof the world are as false brilliants, 
which by a strange fatality we permit to dazzle us, and that the 
most sterling happiness is to know how to limit our desires, 
to love peace, and to seek wisdom." 

The Corsair would not have ended his remonstrances so 
soon, had he not been interrupted by Prince Heureux. ** My 
dear father," said he, " we are too anxious to discover some- 
thing of our birth, to bury ourselves in the depths of a desert; 
the moral you teach is excellent, and I wish we were able to 
profit by it, but some strange fatality calls us elsewhere; allow 
us to fulfil the course of our destiny  we will come again to 
see you, and give you an account of our adventures." 

At these words the Corsair and his wife shed tears. The 
Princes were very much afiected, and Belle-Etoile particu- 
larly so, who was of an admirable disposition, and who would 
never have thought of quitting the desert if she had been sure 
that Cheri would have always remained with her. 

This resolution having been taken, they thought of nothing 
else, but preparing for their embarkation; for having been 
found upon the sea, they had some hope it would enlighten 
them on the matter they were so anxious about. They had 
a horse for each of them put on board their IvttVa "^^ "^^ 



576 PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PBINCE CHERI. 

after combing their heads till they were sore in order to lea^e 
as many jewels as they could to Corsine, they b^ged her to 
give them in return the strings of diamonds that were in their 
cradle. She went to fetch them from her cabinet, where she 
had kept them very carefully, and she fastened them all upon 
Belle-Etoile's dress, whom she embraced incessantly, bathing 
her face with her tears. 

Never was there so sad a separation ; the Corsair and his 
wife thought it would kill them. Their grief did not arise 
from interested motives, for they had amassed so much trea- 
sure, that they did not wish for any more. Petit-Soldi, 
Heureux, Cheri, and Belle-Etoile, went on board the vessel 
The Corsair had had one built for the voyage, and fitted up 
very magnificently; the mast was of ebony and cedar-wood, 
the ropes were of green silk mixed with gold, the sails of gold 
and green cloth, and the paintings were beautiful. As it 
sailed out of port, Cleopatra, with her Antony, and even the 
whole crew of Venus's Galley, would have lowered their flag 
to it. The Princess was seated under a rich canopy near the 
poop ; her two brothers and her cousin stood close by her,, 
looking more brilliant than the planets, and their stars threw 
out long dazzling rays of light. They determined to sail to 
the very spot where the Corsair had found them, and accord- 
ingly they did so. They made preparations for a grand sacri- 
fice there to the gods and to the fairies, to obtain their pro- 
tection and guidance to their birth-place. They were 
about to immolate a turtle-dove, but the compassionate 
Princess thought it so beautiful that she saved its life, and to 
preserve it fi-om such a fate in future she let it fly :  " De- 
part," said she, "little bird of Venus; and i^ some day, I 
should have need of thee, forget not the kindness I kive 
shown thee." The turtle-dove flew away. 

The sacrifice ended, they commenced so charming a con- 
cert, that it seemed as though all nature kept profound 
silence to listen to them : the waves were still ; there was not 
a breath of wind ; Zephyr alone dallied with the Princess's 
hair, and disarranged her veil slightly. At this moment 
a syren issued fi-om the water, who sang so well, that the 
Princess and her brothers were charmed with her. After 
singing several airs, she turned towards them, and said. 
" Cease your anxiety, let your vessel go where it will; land 



PJIINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PMNCE CHERL 677 

IT 

. where it stops, and let all those who are in love continue to 
hyve each other.'* 

Bell^-Etoile and Cheri felt an extraordinary delight at 
what the syren had just told them. They were convinced 
it was intended for them, and, exchanging signs of intelli- 
gence, their hearts conversed in silence, without Petit-Soleil 
and Heureux perceiving it. The vessel sailed at the pleasure 
of the wind and the tide; nothing very extraordinary oc- 
curred in their navigation, save that the weather was always 
beautiful, and the sea always calm. They were three whole 
months on their voyage, during which time the enamoured 
Prince Cheri and the Princess often conversed together. 
" What flattering hopes I feel," said he, one day, " charming 
Etoile! I am .not your brother; this heart, which knows 
your power, and will never acknowledge another, is not bom 

' for crimes ; and it would be one to love you as I do, if you 
were my sister, but the charitable syren, who came to counsel 
U8, confirmed me in my opinion upon that subject." " Ah, 
brother I " replied she, " do not rely on indication which 
are still too obscure for our comprehension. What would be 
our fate if we irritated the gods by encouraging feelings which 
were displeasing to them? The syren spoke so vaguely, that 
one must have a great fancy for guessing, to apply what she 
said to ourselves." " You refuse to do so, cruel one," said 
the afflicted Prince, "much less from the respect you owe 
the gods, than from your aversion to me!" Belle-Etoile did 
not answer him, and raising her eyes to heaven, heaved 
a deep sigh, which he could not help interpreting favour- 
ably. 

It was at the time of year when the days were long and 
sultry: towards the evening the Princess and her brothers 
went upon deck to see the sun set in the bosom of the 
waters  she sat down; the Princes placed themselves near 
her, they took their instruments, and commenced their 
charming concert. In the meantime, the vessel driving be- 
fore a fresh gale, sailed more quickly, and shortly roimded a 
small promontory, which concealed a portion of the most 
beautiful city in the world. Suddenly it came in sight, and 
its appearance astonished our charming young travellers. 
All the palaces were of marble, with gilded roofs ; and the 
rest of the houses were of very fine porcelain; several ever- 

p p 




iUtr COD 
lut ntay 

orttdle, 
hod kep 
Belle-Br 
hor fxDi 
Now 

"*7 -ilMiw oluold an taa t  HI 1i  A?> 



rv 



PEINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHEKI. 579 

t]vB had just seen, that he immediately went into the chamber 
oof the Queen, his mother, to tell her of the wonderful stars 
-which shone upon their foreheads, and everything that he 
;admired in them. She was thunderstruck at it. She asked 
4iim directly, how old they might be  he replied fifteen or 
sixteen ; she showed no signs of uneasiness, but she was 
sterribly afraid that Feintise had betrayed her. In the mean- 
ftime, the King kept walking to and fro, and said, **How 
kappy a father must be to possess such handsome sons, and 
smoh a beautiful daughter! Unfortunate sovereign that I 
Jam, for I am the father of three dogs. There are illus- 
ilrious heirs ! The succession to my crown is certainly well 
OBecured." 

.. The Queen -Mother listened to these words with dreadful 
uneasiness. The brilliant stars and the age of these strangers, 
agreeing so well with the peculiarities and date of birth of 
-the Princes and their sister, that she strongly suspected she 
had been deceived by Feintise, and that instead of killing the 
King's children she had saved them. As she had great self- 
possession, she gave no sign of what was passing in her mind ; 
^he would not even send that day to inquire about several 
things she was anxious to ascertain ; but the next morning 
she desired her secretary to go to the strangers, and under 
the pretext of giving orders in the house for their accom- 
modation, examine everything, and observe whether they 
really had stars upon their foreheads. 

The secretary departed early in the morning ; he arrived 
as the Princess was at her toilet : in those days they did not 
purchase their complexions at shops  those who were fair, 
remained fair, those who were black did not become white, 
so that he saw her having her hair dressed. They were 
combing it; her fair tresses, finer than gold thread, fell in 
ringlets to the ground. There were several baskets round 
her, to prevent the jewels, which fell from her hair, being 
lost: the star upon her forehead threw out so much brilliancy 
they could scarcely bear it, and the gold chain round her 
neck was as wonderful as the precious diamonds which rolled 
from the crown of her head. The secretary, with diflBculty, 
believed his eyes; but the Princess, selecting the largest pearl, 
begged him to accept it, in remembrance of her; it was the 
one that the kings of. Spain esteem so much, and is called 

pp2 



580 mSCBBB BBLLE-nOHiB AND FBHICSB tSBOHOL 

Peregrina^^ that is to aay, FOgrim^ beoanae it oame . , 
tnyeller. 

The seoretary took leaTe of her, ocnfbaed Inr aocb IpA 
liberality, and paid his leepeots to the three Prinoa^iridi 
whom he remained some time, in order to gain Bach inftim* 
tion as he oould about them. Ha returned to make Ua # 
port to tiie Queen-Mother, who was oonfirmed by it iii ii 
suspioions. He told her, that Cheri had no star, but W 
jewels feU from his hair, as from that of his lMthei%'iail 
that in his opinion he was the handsomest. That tiieycsiM 
ftt>m a great distance; that their fitther and mother had ffM^ 
them only a certain time to see fiireignoountriea. ThiskM 
point rather staggered the Queen, and she &noied sometiiiM^ 
that they were not the King^s children. She was thus waver 
ing between fear and hope, when the King; who was m? 
fond of hunting, rode by their house. The grand aqtmrff 
who accompanied him, told him in passing, that it was thm^ 
by his orders, be had lodged Belle-Etoile and her brotihien 
''The Queen has advised me,** replied the King, ''not toiM 
them ; she fears that they come frx>m some oountry where tiii 
plague rages, and that they might have brought the infeetidn 
with them." " The fiiir young stranger,'* replied the grand 
equerry, " is indeed very dangerous ; but. Sire, I should fear 
her eyes more than the plague." " In sooth," said the King, 
" I agree with you," and immediately putting spurs to hi 
horse, he heard the sound of instruments and of voices; he 
drew up near a large saloon, the windows of which were open, 
and after having listened with great pleasure to a sweet 
symphony, he advanced again. 

The sound of horses induced the Princes to look out: as 
soon as they saw the King, they saluted him respectfully, and 
hastening to the door, received him with joyful countenances 
and many marks of reverence, falling at his feet and embrac- 
ing his knees, while the Princess kissed his hands as though 
she recognised him as their father. He embraced them fer- 
vently, and his heart was so agitated, he could not imagine 
ttie cause of it. He told them, that they must come to the 
I'alace, that he wished them to be his guests, and to present 

Mwie^d'o?"**"* derivation for this celebrated jewel, which Madame d'Aulnoy saw 
MadriH ,"**"' *!"> of Charles the Second of Spain, wear on her cntrj into 
^^d. January 13. 16M. FW. Appendix, page . 



.PjaiNCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PBINCE CHERI. 581 

them to his mother. They thanked him for the honour he 
bad done them, and assured him that as soon as their dresses 
and their equipages were ready they would not fail to come 
to the Court. 

The King quitted them to fetish the chase which be had 
begun ; he kindly sent them half the game, and took the rest 
to the Queen. "How," said she, " is it possible you have had 
po little sport 1 you generally kill three times as much game.'* 
f * Yery true," replied the King, " but I have presented some 
to the handsome strangers. I feel so much affection for 
tbem, that it quite surprises me, and if you had not been so 
alarmed at the idea of contagion, I should have invited them 
to the Palace before this." The Queen-Mother was very angry ; 
fibe accused him of failing in respect to her, and reproached 
bim for having so carelessly exposed himself. 

As soon as he had left her, she sent for Feintise to come 
and speak to her; she shut herself in her closet with her, 
and seized her by the hair, putting a dagger to her throat : 
'' Wretched woman," said she, " I know not what should pre- 
vent my sacrificing thee to my just resentment,  thou hast 
betrayed me; thou hast not killed the four children I placed 
in thy hands to make away with. Confess thy crime, and 
perhaps I may forgive thee." Feintise, half dead with terror, 
threw herself at her feet, and told her all that had taken 
place ; that she thought it impossible that the children were 
8till alive, for so frightful a tempest had arisen, that she had 
herself been nearly killed by the hail; but at all events 
she prayed for time, and she would find means to do away 
with them, one after the other, without any one suspect- 
ing it. 

The Queen, who sought but their death, was shghtly 
appeased: she told her not to lose a moment about it; and 
indeed, old Feintise, who found herself in great danger, did 
all that depended upon her; she watched for the opportunity 
when the Princes went hunting, and taking a guitar under 
her arm, she went and sat down opposite the Princess's win- 
dows, and sang the following words :  

" Beauty hath o'er all things sway, 
Profit hy it while you may ; 
Yottth soon flies, 
Beauty dies, 
And frosty age blights every flower. 




nj^z c"nte and interrupt b 
 vou are endovred  
and they tell u 
yet want c< 
^ V.' Ton ; if joii have it n 
3 I need?" replied she. 

rhito hair upon 
lo?- I should have had the m 
*ith the m Of 

_ clutnns I 
misfortune, my dir child, 
foe I feel a must eitraoniiw 



PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI. 588 

aflfection for you." "But where shall I find this dancing 
water?" replied Belle-Etoile. " It is in the luminous forest," 
said Feintise ; " you have three brothers ; does not any one of 
them love you sufficiently to go and fetch some 1 truly they 
must have very little affection for you  in fact, it is a matter 
of no less consequence to you, than the preservation of your 
beauty for ever." "My brothers all love me," said the 
Princess, "but there is one of them who would not refuse 
me anything. Certainly if this water possesses all the power 
you describe, I will reward you according to its value." The 
perfidious old woman retired in haste, enchanted at having 
been so successful. She told Belle-Etoile that she should be 
sure to come and see her. 

The Princes returned from the chase, one brought a young 
wild boar, another a hare, and the third a stag ; they laid all 
the spoil at their sister's feet, but she looked upon this homage 
with a sort of disdain, she was engrossed by the advice of 
Feintise. Her anxiety about it was even apparent, and^Cheri, 
who had no other occupation than studying her humour, was 
not a quarter-of-an-hom* in her company, without remarking 
it. " What is the matter, my dear Etoile 1 " said he ; " the 
country we are in is not perhaps to your Ijking. If such is 
the case, let us depart immediately ; or perhaps our equipage 
is not grand enough, the furniture not sufficiently beautiful, 
or the table as delicately served as you like  speak, I entreat 
you, that I may have the pleasure of being the first to obey 
you, and making the others do so likewise." 

" The encouragement you give me to tell you what is pass- 
ing in my mind," replied she ; " induces me to declare to you, 
that I can no longer exist, without the dancing water. It is 
in the luminous forest  possessing it, I shall have nothing to 
dread from the ravage of years." " Do not grieve yourself, 
my charming Etoiie," said he ; "I will go and bring you some 
of this water, or you will know by my death that it was im- 
possible to obtain it." " No," said she, " I would rather 
renounce all the advantages of beauty  I would much rather 
be frightful, than hazard so precious a life  I entreat you not 
to think of the dancing water any more, and indeed, if I have 
any power over you, I forbid you to go." 

The Prince pretended to obey her ; but as soon as he per- 
ceived she was engaged, he mounted his white horse, which 





ii tutor waui. 
4|ttMiUMr i tut /evBflit. He 

vridUnift sfiwqr liiMiif to 

(ir 4mk; db dMmd be adiglit Ik 
Tbe iv'/ Pru^dm, kaawmg iKiritli^g 

^m ir f4f,thU dm knew he wm smd <ii 

mverim, MtA tbU be m no dodbt 

Uierft/re eompftratiTelj eief till midnji^^ 

Umt nil ptttienee, and, with tetri m ber 

(ttMit dm WM the owue of Cbetf i 

primmtd a threat vih to hare iome of the 

iUit IntninoHH fttrant, and that certainly he had 

At thm inUtlliffmicii they determined to 

iifliir liirii, and nIio charged them, to tell him abe in^iknl 

hini Ut rntnrn. 

In tlin numntinio, the wicked Feintise was Teiy aiixkaii| j 
know this I'tiMult of her advice; when ahe heard that Oioi 
htid ulrtMidy Hot out, Hhe woh delighted, not doubtiog tliat Im 
vvtiuld niiike more Mpoed than those who followed him, voA 
Um(. Honiti niiHt^hiof would befal him. She ran to the pakoo^ 
(\ill ttf thiM hopo, and reported to the Queen-Mother all that 
hull pHMrttMl. ** 1 admit, Madam,** said she, " that I can no 
hiUKor ilo\iht t-hut tlu^y k\xe the three Princes, and their sister. 
Thi^Y iuvvo hUwm \\\mm\ ilmr foreheads, chains of gold round 
Muilr wwkn^ i\mv hair ia uutst beautiful, and jewels continually 
lUll t\\u\^ it, I have aeeu the Princess adorned with some 
whu^h I put \\\U> hor oradlei. although not so valuable as thotf 
Umt ^\\ \\\\\\\ \\iw hair. I no longer therefore doubt their 
ivl^ux uv^twithatauvUug the cre I had taken to prerent it; 
Us^l^ MaUaii^^ 1 will rid you of tha and as it is the oolSj 




PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI. 585 

means of repairing my fault, I entreat you to give me but 
time : one of the Princes is already gone to seek the dancing 
water; he will no doubt perish in the attempt, and I shall 
find similar means to do away with all of them." " We shall 
see," said the Queen, " whether the success will answer your 
expectations; but rely upon it, by that alone will you escape 
my just rage." Feintise returned more alarmed than ever, 
racking her brain to think how she could destroy them. 

The plan she had adopted with regard to Prince Cheri, was 
one of the most certain  for the dancing water was not easily 
to be obtained; it was so notorious from the misfortunes which 
occurred to all who sought it, that every one knew the road 
to |it. His white horse went astonishingly fast, and he did 
not spare it, as he was so anxious to return quickly to Belle- 
Etoile, and gratify her by the successful result of his journey. 
He was eight days and nights without taking any repose but 
in the woods, under the first tree he came to, without eating 
anything but the wild fruit he found in his road, scarcely 
allowing his horse time to graze. At the end of this period, 
he arrived in a country where he began to suffer very much 
from the heat ; but it was not that the sun was more power- 
ful, and he did not know to what cause to attribute it, when 
from the top of a mountain he perceived the luminous forest; 
all the trees were burning without being consumed, and cast- 
ing out flames to such a distance, that the country around 
was a dry desert. In this forest was to be heard the hissing 
of serpents, and the roaring of lions, which astonished the 
Prince excessively, for it appeared to him impossible that any 
animal but a salamander could live in this sort of furnace. 

After contemplating for some time this terrible scene, he 
descended, ruminating on what was to be done, and more 
than once gave himself up for lost. As he approached this 
great fire he was ready to die with thirst ; he perceived a 
spring issuing from a mountain, and falling into a marble 
Insin ; he alighted from his horse, approached it, and stooped 
to take up some water in a little golden vase which he had 
brought with him, intending to fill it with some of that which 
the Princess wished for, when he perceived a turtle-dove 
^Irowning in the fountain : its feathers were quite wet, it had 
=11 power, and was sinking to the bottom of the basin, 
k pity on it, and saved it. At fvi^t, \ife W ; 



586 PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHEBL 

its feet, for it had swallowed so much water, it was qnitB 
swollen ; he then warmed it in his bosoni, dried its ^ngi 
with a fine handkerchief, and treated it with such skill tkt 
the poor dove, in a few minutes, was more gaj than she had just 
been sorrowful. 

'* My Lord Chcri,*' she said, in sweet and gentle acoen^ 
" you never obliged a more grateful little creature than lam; 
this is not the first time I have received essential fiivoon 
from your family. I am enchanted, that, in my turn, I otn 
be of service to you. Think not that I am ignorant of tiie 
cause of your journey,  ^you have undertaken it a little 
rashly, for it would be impossible to say bow manyhafe 
perished here ! The dancing water is the eighth wonder in 
the world for ladies ; it beautifies them, makes them young 
again, and enriches them ; but if I were not to be your guide, 
you would never arrive at it, for the spring rises in the middle 
of the forest, and gushing out violently, precipitates itself into 
a deep chasm, the path down to which is covered by branches 
of trees, so twined and twisted together, that I scarcely see 
any way of getting thither but by going underground. Rest 
your^*lf here, and do not be uneasy ; I will go, and order 
whatever may Iv required." 

A: tho Siimo momout the Pove rose up in the air. went 
aw;\v. rotuniod, aliirhtvd. and flow backwards and forwards w 
ot'tou. ti-u: bv tho oud of tlio dav she was able to inform the 
IVliKo :*:.;.: ovorythii.g w:is road v. He took the friendly bini 
kissed i:, o:\ressovi i:. thanked it. and followed it upon his 
w:i::o hv rso. Ho havi searoe-y gouo a hundred yapis bef.re 
lie s;\\v rwo lo::^ r.Iis of foxos, bad^rs. moles, snails, ants, 
ar..; a'.l Sv^rts o: oivatv.ros tha: I nrrow in the eanii : there 
was sr.oii an o:.r:n;*Js oi;a'..:::v tha: he oouli not conceive 
bv w ;..': ivwor :hov were thus asson:bled. ** Ii is bv mv 
cr.uv." Sv\-d :-: D:ve. ** yc.i see all those hrtio sul torr.inean 
ivv : "c hci ; :h-:v h.wo Vn:-:n w^^rkin^^ :\r vcu with the zrzai- 

'V I ....Vv N. i'.. ,..^ . J...** -. .,fc k.-r.n. iLc r..' w... . ..k... sec 

A L m.  

.^- ...  M . 

1 ... ..   ^ "  c ' " "^ic  " ^ ^ _* .; * "-  wa .> * T' " i C"* -  -  1 .i.~.^.ii 



PRINCESS BISLLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI. 587 

nearly double, groped his way after the kind Dove, which 
asifely conducted him to the fountain : it made so much noise^ 
that he would have been deafened, had not the Dove given 
him two of her white feathers, with which he stopped up his 
He was wonderfully surprised to see this water dance 
correctly as though Favier and Pecourt^ had taught it. 
It is true they were but old dances, such as the Bocane, the 
iiaaiie, and the Saraband.^ Several birds, flying about, sang 
the airs the water wished to dance to. The Prince filled his 
golden vase ; he took two draughts of it, which made him 
ahimdred times handsomer than he was previously, and which 
refreshed him so much, that he scarcely felt that the luminous 
ibrest was the hottest place in the world. 

He returned the same way he came. His horse had strayed, 
bat, knowing his voice, returned at full gallop as soon as he 
oalled to him. The Prince leapt lightly upon his back, quite 
proud at possessing the dancing water. '^ Gentle Dove,'' said 
he, as he held her, '' I know not by what miracle you have so 
much authority in this place, but I am very grateful for the 
benefit I have received fi'om it ; and as liberty is the greatest 
of blessings, I restore you to yours, in return for the favours 
you have conferred on me." So saying, he let her go. She 
flew away with an air as fierce as though he had detained her 
gainst her wilL '^ How capricious !** exclaimed he, mentally. 
** Thou resemblest a human being more than a turtle-dove,  
the one is inconstant, the other is not." The Dove replied to 
him, although high in air, " Ah ! do you know who I am V* 

Gheri was astonished that the Dove had thus answered his 
thoughts; he was convinced she was very clever, and was 
worry he had let her go. " She would have been useful to 
mey" said fae; "and I might have learnt from her many 
things that would have contributed to my happiness." How- 
ever, he considered within himself that one should never 
regret doing a good action ; and he felt he was much indebted 

(1) Celebrated dancera of that day. The names of Favier and Pecourt both appear 

In the liata of the dancers in the tragic ballet of Psyche ; and Favier bustained several 

ehancten in the magnificent Fdte de Versailles, July 18, 1G68. There were two 

ViTleret *' Va,int** and " le cadet ;" the senior is most probably the one alluded to. 

(S) The Bocane was a stately kind of dance, so called from Bocan, the dancing 

i-iiT nf Anne of Austria, queen of Louis XIII., who invented it. La Mari6c, was 

'ir/rtrl (see p. 457) so called; it is mentioned by Madame d'Aulnoy in her 

 ii'hnnimc Bourgeois." The Saraband has been. deactV^""** '~'>^ft, 

..'iy accompanied by the castagnets. 




JIIKOE88 miZiX-ROELE AHB FIKDIGB CnOBB. 

to h0r, when he lefleoted on the diffictalties fAm had eniUrf 
him to surmount in obtainingthe daaoing -wtar, ThemattA 
of the golden yaae wm bo pe^Mtly Beoored, that he oodUvK 
spill the water, nor would it evaporate, fie was aninH| 
himself hj thinking how delighted BeUe-Etoile would he'll 
leoeiTO it, and what joy it would be to him to see hecBgd/i^ 
when he saw coming at fall speed seyeral oaYalievB, wheito 
sooner peroeired him than they uttered loud i^outa^ pomtiag 
him out to one another. He was Toid of fear' Ids soul Ml 
of that intrepid charaotery it oould not easily be sfaakeft lif 
any danger; still he was annoyed to be stoppied by aaytfaiBg; 
He spuned his horse towards ihem, and was agreeably so^ 
prised to recognise some of his domestics^ who presented Ua 
with several little notes or, I should ratiber saj, ord a ts t hi 
Princess had given them for him, to tell him not to 
himself to the dangers of the luminous forest. He 
Belle-Etoile's writing ; he sighed more than onoe, and 
to return to her, to relieye her fnm further anxiety. 

On his arrival, he found her seated under some tree% -wkm 
she had abandoned herself to her sorrow. When she saw U* 
at her feet^ she knew not how to welcome him : she waaill 
to scold him for acting contrary to her orders; she wished to 
thank him for the charming present he had made her: h 
fine, her affection prevailed. She embraced her dear brother, 
and her reproaches were not very severe. 

The old Feintise, who was always on the watch, knew hj 
her spies that Cheri had returned, handsomer than he ms 
before he went away ; and that the Princess, having washed 
her face with the dancing water, had become so excessiTefy 
lovely, one could scarcely look at her without dying halfHk- 
dozen deaths. 

Feintise was much astonished and much afflicted, for she 
had made up her mind that the Prince would perish in so 
great an enterprise ; but it was no time to be discouraged. 
She watched the moment when the Princess went to a Httle 
temple of Diana, with few attendants. She accosted her, and, 
with an air of great friendship, said : " How delighted I am, 
Madam, at the happy effect of my advice ! One might know, 
by looking at you, that you at present use the dancing water; 
but if I dare counsel you further, you ought to make yoursdf 
Distress of the singing apple. It is quite a different thing; 



PKNCESS BELLE-ETOILB AND PBINCE CHERI. 589 

for it embellishes the wit so much, that it enables you to do 
ikBjtbing. If you wish to persuade any one you have only to 
smell the singing apple: would you speak in public, make 
verses, write prose, be amusing, draw tears, or cause laughter, 
tiie apple has all these virtues; and it sings so well and so 
loud, that one can hear it eight leagues off, without being 
stunned by it." 

" I will have none of it," cried the Princess; " you thought 
to kill my brother by your dancing water : your advice is too 
dangerous." " What, Madam !" replied Feintise, "would you 
be sorry to become the wisest and wittiest person in the 
world ? Truly, you cannot mean that." " Ah ! what should 
I have done," continued Belle-Etoile, " if they had brought 
me my dear brother, dead or dying?" "He should not go 
any more," said the old woman ; "the others ought to oblige 
you in their turn, and the enterprise is not so dangerous." 
" Never mind," said the Princess, " I do not feel inclined to 
expose them." " Indeed, I pity you," said Feintise, " to lose 
so advantageous an opportunity ; but you will reflect upon it. 
Adieu, Madam ! " She then retired, very anxious about the 
success of her argument ; and Belle-Etoile remained at the 
feet of the statue of Diana, irresolute what to do. She loved 
her brothers; she loved herself also: she felt that nothing 
would give her so much pleasure as to possess the singing 
apple. 

She sighed for some time, and then she began to weep. 
Petit-Soleil, returning from the chase, heard a noise in the 
temple ; he entered it, and saw the Princess, who covered her 
fece with her veil, for she was ashamed to be seen with tears 
in her eyes ; and, approaching her, he entreated her to tell 
him instantly why she was crying. She refused to do so, 
saying she was ashamed of herself; but the more she refused, 
the more desirous he was to know. 

At last she told him, that the same old woman who had 
advised her to send for the dancing water, had just told her 
that the singing apple was still more wonderful, as it would 
give her so much wit, she would become a sort of prodigy, 
and that she really would almost give her life for such an 
apple; but she feared there would be too much danger in 
getting it. " You will have no fear for me, I assure you," 
said her brother, smiling; "for I am not at all ^inxious to 



PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHEBI. 591 

ia book ; he addressed him, very civilly, and said, " Give me 
leave to interrupt you : to ask you, if you know in what place 
IE shall find the singing apple ? " The young man raised his 
eyes, and smiling graciously, said, " Do you wish to obtain 
it ? " ** Yes, if it be possible," replied the Prince. " Ah ! my 
Xiord," replied the stranger, " you are not aware, then, of the 
dangers attending the undertaking; here is a book that men- 
tions it ; it makes one tremble to read it." " No matter for 
that," saidCheri, "the danger will not dismay me,  only inform 
me where I shall find it." "This book indicates," continued the 
young man, " that it is in a vast desert in Lybia ; that one can 
hear it sing eight leagues off; and that the dragon, which guards 
it, has already devoured five hundred thousand persons, who 
have had the temerity to go there." " I shall make the number 
five hundred thousand and one," replied the Prince smiling; 
and saluting him, set forward towards the deserts of Lybia ; 
his fine horse, which was of the Zephyrine race, for Zephyr 
was his grandsire, went like the wind ; so that the Prince's 
progress was incredibly swift. He listened in vain; he could 
not hear the singing of the apple anywhere ; he was distressed 
at the length of the way and the inutility of his journey, 
when he perceived a poor tiu:tle-dove fell at his feet ; it was 
not dead, but very nearly so. As he saw no one who could 
have wounded it, he thought, perhaps, it belonged to Venus, 
and having escaped from its dovecot, little mischievous Love, 
to try his arrows, had let fly at it. He had pity on it, and 
alighted from his horse ; he took it and wiped its white wings 
stained with blood, and taking from his pocket a little gold 
bottle which contained an admirable balsam for wounds, he 
had scarcely applied some of it to that of the poor dove, when 
it opened its eyes, raised its head, stretched out its wings and 
plumed itself, then looking at the Prince, said, ** Good day, 
handsome Cheri, you are destined to save my life, and I to do 
you signal service. 

" You are come to seek for the singing apple,  the enter- 
prise is difficult and worthy of you, for it is guarded by 
a terrible dragon which has twelve feet, three heads, six wings, 
and a brazen body." " Ah ! my dear dove," said the Prince, 
" how happy I am to see you again, and at a time when your 
assistance is so necessary to me. Do not refuse it to me, my 
lovely little creature ; for I should die of grief, if I should 



VKISCESS BELLE-ETOILB AND PRINCE CHEBT. | 

have to return witbout the singing-apple ; and aa I obtained 
Che dADciag water through your means, I hope that jon will 
find Bome other that will enable me to succeod in my preaeut 
enterprise." "Yon touch me nearly," replied the Dove, 
" follow me  I will fly before you  1 hope all will be well" 

The Prince let her go. After travelliug all day long, they 
arrived close to n mountain of soud. " You must dig here,* 
said the Dove. The Prince, without any demur, immedintel; 
began digging, sometimes with tia hands, sometimes with hii 
sword. -After working for several hours, he found a helmet 
a cuirass, and the rest of a suit of armour, with bameas for 
his horse, all of glaaa. " Arm yourself, and fear nothing from 
the dragun," &aid the Dove : " when he sees himself in all 
these mirrors, he will l>e so fi-ighteued, that, believing tb^ 
are monsters like himself, he will take flight." 

Cheri very much approved of this expedient. He put on 
the glass armour, and taking the Dove again, they proceeded 
all through the night together. At break of day they heard 
a most eiichautiug melody. The Prince begged the Dove tfl 
tell him what it waa. "I am persuaded," said dhe, "that 
nothing else hat the apple could be so melodious ; for it 
plays all the different parts of music of itself, and without 
touching any instrumeut, it appears to perform on them in 
a most enchanting manner," They approached nearer to it. 
The Prince thought within himself how he wished the apple 
would eiug something applicable to his own situation. At 
the same moment he heard these words:  



" Ah ! " cried he, answering these lines, " what a charming 
prediction ! I may then hope to be one day happier than 
I am now; I have just been assured so." The Dove mode 
no reply to this; it was not born a prattler, and never spoke 
but when absolutely necessary. As he advanced, the beauty 
of the music increased; and notwithstanding the haat the 
Fnnoe was in, he was sometimes so delighted, that he stopped 
^^'j""* ^''"^'I'g of anything else; but the sight of the 
nbie dragon, which suddenly appeared, with his twelve 






l:U-. Mt^ 



PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PBINCE CHERI. 593 

feet, and more than a hundred talons, his three heads, and 
his brazen body, aroused him from this sort of lethargy. He 
had smelt the Prince from afar off, and expected to devour 
him, as he had every one who had preceded him, and upon 
-whom he had made some excellent meals. Their bones were 
piled around the apple-tree, upon which was the beautiful 
apple, and they were heaped up so high, that it was not 
possible to see it. 

The frightful animal came bounding along, covering the 
ground with a froth which was very poisonous: out of his 
infernal throat issued fire, and young dragons, which he 
hurled like darts in the eyes and ears of the knights-errants 
who wished to carry away the apple. But when he saw his 
alarming figure multiplied a hundred and a hundred times in 
the Prince's mirrors, it was he that was frightened in his turn. 
He stopped, and looking fiercely at the Prince laden with 
dragons, he took flight. Cheri, perceiving the happy effect 
of his armour, pursued him to the entrance of a deep chasm, 
into which the monster precipitated himself to avoid him. 
The Prince closed up the aperture securely, and returned 
with all speed to the singing apple. After mounting upon 
the top of all the bones that surrounded it, he looked with 
admiration upon the beautiful tree; it was of amber, the 
apples being topazes, and the most beautiful of all, which he 
sought so carefully and at so much peril, appeared at the top, 
composed of a single ruby, with a crown of diamonds upon it. 
The Prince, transported with joy at being able to give Belle- 
Etoile so perfect and rare a treasure, quickly broke the 
amber branch, and, quite proud of his good fortune, mounted 
his white horse ; but he could nowhere see the Dove,  she 
had flown away as soon as there was no further need of her 
assistance. Without losing any more time in unavailing 
regrets, and as he feared the dragon, whose hissings he heard, 
would find some means of getting back to the apples, he 
returned with his prize to the Princess. 

She had never slept during his absence; she incessantly 
reproached herself for wishing to possess greater wit than 
others; she feared for Cheri's life more than her own. "Ah 1 
unfortunate being that I am," cried she, sighing heavily, 
"why was I so conceited? was it not sufi^cieiit \Xi'aX.\ ^wi^^ 
think and speak weJl enough, not to do ot a."^ ^o.^^Ccccs^'^ 



/\ r\ 



Wi PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND FRIKCB CHSEI. 

abaiud 1 I ehaW he well punished for my pride, if I lose him 
I love. Alas!" continued she, "the gods, displeased per- 
hsps at my love for Cheri, will take him from me by some 
tt^oal end." 

-There was uo evil that her afflioted heart did not imagine 
"iroiild befal him, when iu the middle of the night she hennl 
BUOh lovely music, that she could not resist rising and going 
to the window, to hear it better; she knew not what to think 
of it. At one time she believed it must be Apollo and (ie 
Uusea; at nnotiier, Venus, the Graces, and the Loves. TIm 
ymphony approached nearer, and Belle-Etoile continued to 
liaten. At length the Prince arrived. It was beautifiillj 
moonligbt. He stopped beneath the Princess's balcony, wlw 
bad retired upon seeing a cavalier in the distnuce. The apple 
immediately sang, " Awake, lovely sleeper." ^ The Princes^ 
from curiosity, looked out instantly to see who was singing 
ao wellj and, reoogniaing her beloved brotber, was ready to 
tbiow herself from the window, to be sooner beside him. 
She apoke so loud, that every body was awakened, and they 
Veat to let Cheri in. One may imagine the haste with which 
be entered. He held in his hand the amber branch, at the 
end of whicli was the wonderful Iruit; and aa he had often 
smelt it, his wit was increased so much that nothing iu the 
world could compare to him. 

Belle-Etoile ran to meet him eagerly. " Do yon believe 
that I thank you, my dear brother!" said she, crying with 
joy. "No, there is nothing that T do not buy too deorlj 
when I expose you to obtain it for me." " There are no 
dangers," replied he, " I would not hrave to give you the 
slightest gratification. Accept, Belle-Etoile," be continued, 
"accept tLis singuLu- fruit; no one in the worid de^rvos it 
BO much as you do; but what can it bestow on you more 
than you alr^y possess?" Petit-Soleil and his brother came 
and interrupted this conversation. They were delighted to 
see the Prince again. He gave them an account of his 
jouiTiey, which lasted till the morning. 

(1) " Revdllii-voun, belle sndoonie." There Is an old Fieoch lang qnotfd Vj 



PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI. 595 

The wicked Feintise had just returned to her little cottage 
after discoursing with the Queen-Mother upon her projects. 
She was too uneasy to sleep quietly. She heard the sweet 
singing of the apple, that nothing in nature could equal. She 
felt sure that it had been obtained ! She cried, she groaned, 
she scratched her face, she tore her hair ; her grief was exces- 
sive, for instead of doing harm to these lovely children, as 
she intended, she did them good by all her perfidious counsels. 
As soon as it was day she learned but too truly that the 
Prince had returned. She went to the Queen-Mother. "Well, 
Feintise," said this Princess, '' dost thou bring me good news? 
have the children perished? " " No, Madam," said she, throw- 
ing herself at her feet ; " but let not your Majesty be impa- 
tient, I have yet left an infinite number of means by which 
I may yet get rid of them." " Ah ! wretched creature," said 
the Queen, "thou livest but to betray me; thou sparest 
thera." The old woman protested to the contrary; and when 
she had appeased her slightly, she retm'ned home, to consider 
what was to be done. 

She allowed some days to pass by without showing herself; 
and at the end of that time, she watched so well, that she 
encountered the Princess walking in the forest alone, waiting 
for her brothers. " Heaven crowns you with blessings, charm- 
ing Etoile," said this wicked woman, accosting her. " I have 
heard that you are in possession of the singing apple. I could 
not have been more delighted had such good fortune hap- 
pened to myself, for I must own I feel a great interest in all 
that tends to your advantage ; but," continued she, " I must 
now give you another piece of advice." " Ah ! keep your 
advice to yourself," said the Princess, hurrying away from 
her, " for whatever good it may bring me, it does not recom- 
pense me for the anxiety I suffer in consequence of it." 

" Anxiety is not so great an evil," replied Feintise, smiling. 
" There are sweet and tender anxieties." " Say no more,' 
added Belle-Etoile ; " I tremble when I think of it."  Truly,' 
said the old woman, " you are much to be pitied, for being 
the loveliest and most intellectual girl in the world." " I must 
entreat yoiu: pardon, once for all," replied the Princess. " I 
know too well the state my brother's absence reduced me to." 
*^ I must, notwithstanding, assure yo\i" (ioii\i\T^\3j&$jL^Nxsi5a& 
" that jou still need the little green \)i\:d, ^\i\^V Xfc"^^ ^-^^-^ 

QQ 2 






606 noicEss bbcu-roile and ibincb chskl 

thing: he would infinrm you of joor birth, of your gocdiad 
ill fortune; there is noUung, howeTer Beoret, that he will td 
find oat far yon; and when the world sayB, ' Belle-Etoili 
pooBesBn the dandng water and the nnging apple/ it willaigr 
at the nme time 'Imt she has not the Bttle green bird wliibh 
telb eyerything^ and without that she might almost asfdl 
have nodung."* 

Haying thus said all she intended, she retired. Tbi 
U sad and thoughtful, began to sigh bitterlj. ''Tlui 



woman is right,** said she; ^what advantage can arise feat 
my possessing the water and the apple, if I know not b 
I am, who are my parents, and by what &tality my brodiat 
and I were exposed to the fdiy of the waves 1 llieze nnot 
be something yery extraordinary in our births that we shonU 
bays been &xa abandoned; and the interpoeitiou of Pron- 
denoe alone could haye preserved us in such perila WUt 
delight it would be to know my &ther and moilior, to ohonii 
them if they are still living, and to honour their memorjif 
dead ! ** Upon which tears rolled down her cheeks, like drop 
of morning dew bathing the liHes and roses. 

Cheri, who was always more impatient to see her tha 
either of the others, hurried back as soon as the chase was 
over. He was on foot; his bow hung negligently by his side; 
he bad some arrows in his hand; bis long hair confined bj 
a riband. In this guise he had a martial air, which was in- 
finitely charming. As soon as the Princess saw him she 
turned into a dark walk, that he might not observe the traces 
of grief upon ber face, which a lover would be sure to detect 
The Pnnce joined her. He scarcely looked at her before he 
knew she was in some trouble. He was greatly distressed at 
it. He begged, he implored her to tell him what was the 
matter. She obstinately refused to do so. At last, he turned 
the point of one of the arrows to his heart, saying, " You do 
not love me, Belle-Etoile, and I have nothing to do but to 
die." The manner in which he spoke alarmed her so des- 
perately, that she could no longer refuse to tell him her 
secret; but she revealed it only on condition that he would 
not again risk his life by endeavouring to satisfy her desires. 
He promised all she exacted of him, and betrayed no intention 
of undertaking this last journey. 

As soon as BeWe-EitoW^ \:v.i t^^yc^\ \ft \kax x^t^t^ jid the 



PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI. 597 

princes to theii's, Cheri descended, took his horse out of the 
stable, mounted him, and set out without saying a word to 
any one. This news threw the charming family into great 
consternation. The King, who could not forget them, sent 
to beg they would come and dine with him ; they replied 
that their brother had just left them, that they should feel 
neither happy nor comfortable without him ; and that when 
he returned they would not fail to pay their duty at the 
palace. The Princess was inconsolable; the dancing water 
and the singing apple had no longer any charms for her; 
nothing was amusing to her while Cheri was absent. The 
Prince went wandering through the world, asking every one 
he met if they could tell him where he could find the little green 
bird that told everything : the greater number knew nothing 
about it, but he met with a venerable old man, who took 
him home with him and kindly examined a globe, the study 
of which was part of his profession as well as his amusement. 
He then told him it was in a frozen climate, situated upon 
the top of a frightful rock, and showed him the route he 
must take. The Prince, in gratitude for this information, 
gave him a little bag, full of large pearls, that had fallen 
from his hair; and, taking leave of him, continued his 
journey. 

At length, at dawn of day, he perceived the rock, which 
was very high and very steep, and upon the summit of it 
-was the bird, speaking like an oracle, telling wonderful 
things. He thought that with a little dexterity it would be 
easy to catch it, for it seemed very tame. It went and came, 
hopping lightly from one point of the rock to another. The 
Prince got off his horse, and climbed up very quietly, not- 
withstanding the roughness of the ascent, promising himself 
the pleasure of gratifying extremely his dear Belle-Etoile. 

He was so close to the green bird, that he thought he 
could lay hands on it, when suddenly the rock opened, and 
he fell into a spacious hall as motionless as a statue ; he 
. could neither stir, nor utter a complaint of his deplorable 
situation. Three hundred knights who had made tlie same 
attempt were in the same state. To look at each other was 
the only thing permitted them. 

The time seemed so long to Belle-Etoile, and still i:^^^ ^^^^ 
of her beloved Cheri, that she feU daxv^etow.^-^ *^. ^Wsl^ 



698 PBINCESS BELLE-VrOHiE AND PBINCE CHEBI. 

physicians saw plainly that she was being destroyed ^* "j* 
melancholy; her brothers loved her dearly; they asked W 
the reason of her illness; she acknowledged that Bhe! 
proached herself night and day, with being the canae d 
Chen's absence, and that she felt she should die if she did * 
hear some tidings of him. They were afieoted by her teaa; 
and in the hopes of curing her, Petit-Soleil resolved to seek 
his brother. ' 

The Prince set out ; he ascertained where this &med Wid 
was to be found; he flew there; he saw it  he approached 
it, with the same hopes as the others had done  at the asne 
moment was swallowed up by the rook; he fell into thegmt 
hall ; the first person he saw was Cheri, but he could a* 
speak to him. 

Belle-Etoile recovered her health a little; each momept 
she hoped to see her two brothers return, but her hopes dis- 
appointed, her distress was renewed  night and day A 
never ceased lamenting ; she accused herself of her brothenf 
misfortunes; and Prince Heureux, having no less pity fee 
her than anxiety about his brothers, resolved in his turn to 
go and seek them. He acquainted Belle-Etoile with hii 
intention ; at firat she opposed it, but he told her it was but 
just that lie should encounter any peril in trying to find 
those ho so dearly loved,  thereupon he departed, having 
taken tlie most affectionate farewell of the Princess; she re- 
mained alone, a prey to the deepest sorrow. 

When Feintise was aware that the third prince was gone, 
sho was exceedingly delighted; she told the Queen-Mother of 
it, and promised her, more confidently than ever, that she 
woidd destroy the whole of this unfortunate family! Heureox 
shared the same fate as Cheri and Petit-Soleil,  he found the 
ri^ck, ho si\w the bird, he fell like a statue into the hall, where 
ho reci>^nised the princes he was seeking without being able 
to speak to them; they were all arranged in crystal niches; 
they never slei)t, they never ate, but remained in a miserable 
Htiito of onehautment, for they were only at liberty to think 
^^^ifii"'"'^ "^ silence deplore, their fate. 

Wello-Ktoile, inconsolable at finding not one of her brothers 

wturn rt^proi^ched herself for having so loi^ delayed to 

II now thorn. Without further hesitation she gave orders to 

' ^ ^wsehold to ^-ait for six months, when, if neither 



- PBINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI. 599 

her brothers nor herself had returned during that time, they 
were to go and acquaint the corsair and his wife of their 
death ; she then dressed herself in male attire, believing she 
would be less exposed to danger in travelling thus disguised, 
than if she roamed the world as an adventurer of her own 
sex. Feintise saw her depart upon her beautiful horse ; she 
was overjoyed, and ran to the palace, to delight the Queen- 
Mother with this good news. 

The Princess had no other armour than a helmet, the vizor 
of which she scarcely ever raised, for her beauty was of so 
delicate and perfect a description that no one would have 

- believed (as she wished they should) that she was a cavalier. 
It was a very severe winter, and the country in which the 
talking bird was, never, in any season, felt the happy influence 
of the sun ! 

Belle-Etoile weis dreadfully cold, but nothing could deter 
her progress when she saw a turtle-dove, scarcely less white 
or colder than the snow upon which it lay extended. Not- 
withstanding her impatience to arrive at the rock, she could 
not leave it thus to die, and getting off" her horse, she took it 
up, warmed it with her breath, and then put it into her 
bosom : the poor little thing never moved, Belle-Etoile 
. thought it was dead, which she was very sorry for; she took 
it out again, and looking at it, said, as though it could under- 

- stand her, " What shall I do, sweet dove, to save thy life ? " 
" Belle-Etoile," replied the bird, " one sweet kiss from your 

: lips, will complete the charitable work you have begun." 

. " Not only one," said the Princess, " but a himdred, if they 

. are needed.** She kissed it, and the dove reviving, gaily said, 

f ** I know you, in spite of your disguise ; learn that you have 

: mdertaken a thing it would be impossible for you to succeed 

^ in, without my assistance,  ^follow, therefore, my advice : as 

^ toon as you have arrived at the rook, instead of trying to 

^jsoend it, zemain at the bottom of it, and begin to sing the 

^ftat and sweetest song you know; the green bird that 

^^^T ererything^ will listen to jon, and obse^ from whence 

oioe prooeeda; joa itaaat then pretend to go to sleep ; I 

benair joii-'A%Mi<HiMMa ma It will oome down frx)m the 

'nfi^'^ i 4|iat moment yon will be 



SQA3r 



-** 



000 raiNGBSS BCLB-noiui AND ibuks camau 

the rook; the reoognised ber brothflnT honm gnakag;wiii^ 
of them her grief was rttiewed, dbe mt damn, mod tad 
bitterlj for some time; but the litde green Idid aid m 
manj beautiful thiugi, so oonaolatory to the nnfortiiniti^ 
that there was no afflicted heart it did not rdieva fte 
therefore dried her teai, and b^gsn to aing ao loud, and m 
well, that the Princes had the pleasure of hearing her in their 
enchanted halL 

From that moment they felt there was some hope. The 
green bird that tells everything listened, and locked abost 
to find where the voice came from ; it peroeivad the Prinoei^ 
who had taken off her helmet, that she mi^t ale^ mon 
eomfbrtably, and the dove, who kept flying around hec. M 
this sight it gently descended, and came to peck it^ but it 
had not torn out three feathers, before it was taken itself 

** Ah! what would you do with met" it said ; ^ what have I 
done to you, that you should come firom such a distanee to 
render me miserable) Grant me my liberty, I entreat yoq, 
and I will do anything you wish in exchange." " I wuh," 
said Belle-Etoile, ''that thou wouldst restore my three Iro- 
thers to me. I know not where they are, but as their 1ubbi 
are feeding near this rock, I am sure thou detainest them 
somewhere hereabouts." " Under my left wing there is a red 
feather, pull it out," said the bird, "and touch the rock with 
it." The Princess hastened to do as it instructed her ; at the 
same instant she saw such lightning, and heard such a roar 
of thunder and wind together, that she was dreadfully 
frightened. Notwithstanding her alarm she still kept tight 
hold of the green bird, thinking it might escape her; she 
touched the rock again with the red feather, and the third 
time it split from the top to the bottom : she entered with 
a victorious air the hall in which stood the three Princes with 
many others ; she ran towards Cheri,  he did not know her 
in her helmet and male attire, and as the enchantment was 
not yet ended, he could neither speak nor move. The Prin- 
cess, seeing this, put fresh questions to the green bird, to 
which it replied that she must rub the eyes and mouth of all 
those she wished to disenchant with the red feather, which 
good ofl&ce she did to several kings and sovereign personages, 
*nd especially to our three Princes. 

ateful for so im^^ortwal a*, ^iaue^t, they all threw them- 



tBJSCesa BELLE-ETOILE ASD PRINCE CEBBI. 601 

selveB at her feet, calling her the Liberator of Kinga. She 
then discovered that her brothers, deceived by her drese, did 
not at all recognise her; she instantly took off her belcoet, 
held out her anna to them, and embraced them ahundred times: 
ahe then asked the other princes with much kindness who they 
were; each of them told her their own adventure, and offered 
to accompany her wherever ahe wished to go : she replied, 
that though the laws of chivalry might give her a r^ht over 
the liberty she had just restored to them, she ahouid not 
think of toking advautj^ of it She then retired with the 
Princes, that they might relate to each other what had hap- 
pened to them since their separation. 

The little green bird that tells everything interrupted 
them, to entreat Belle-Etoile to set him free ; she immediately 
sought the dove to ask her advice, but she could not find her 
anywhere; ahe told the bird that ahe had suffered too much 
trouble and anxiety on his account to enjoy her conquest for 
so short a time. All four then mounted their horsea, leaving 
the emperors and kings to walk, for as they had been there 
between two and three hundred years, their horses had 
perished. 

The Queen-Mother, relieved from all the ansiety that the 
return of her lovely children had given her, renewed her 
attempts to persuade the King to marry again, and ui^ed him 
so strongly, that ahe at last induced him to make choice of a 
princess of his own family. As it would be necessary to dis- 
solve his marriage with the poor Queen Blondioe, who had 
hved at her mother's country-house, with the three doga, 
which she had named Chagrin, Mouron,^ and Douleur, in 
consequence of all the misery they had caused her, the 
Queen- Mother sent for her; ahe got into the carriage, taking 
the whelps with her; she was drened in blaok, Irith a long 
veil wliich fell down to htr feet. 

In this apparel she looked more bamlif^ than the sun, 
although she had heooiiuidtfBfl|ttAHttdtMjMSroely ^^^' 
slept, and never ate ^ri|H^^^^^^^^^^kli '^fry onaj 
pitied poor mai MB^^^^^^^^^^^^g lUl ~ 



1^ 



PE1NCES8 BELLB-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHEBI. 

be darod not look &t her, but when he remombered that lie 
ran the riak of having no other heirs but these wheips, he 
oongonted to everything. 

The marriage-day being fixedj the Queen-Mother, at the 
suggestion of the admirftl's wife, {who alwaya hated her 
unfortunate aiater,) commanded the Queen Blondine to appear 
- at the ceremony. Everything was done to make it grand 
and auraptuons, and a^ the King wished the strangers to wit- 
aeas this maguificenoe, he oidered his principal equerry to 
go and invite the beautiful children, and commanded him, in 
case they were not yet oome back, to leave strict orders, that 
they should be informed of his wish on their return. 

The principal equt^rry went to seek them, but did not find 
them; but knowing the pleasure the King would have in 
Reeing them, he left ooe of his gentlemen to wait for them, 
to conduct them to the palace without delay. , The hap[y 
day  the day of the grand banquet, arrived, Belle-Etoile ai^  
the Prinoes had returned ; the gentleman related the King's < 
liistory to them, that he had luarried a poor girl who was | 
perfectly beautiful and virtuous, who had the miafortuue to  
bring into the world three dogs; that he had sent her away, I 
never to see her again, but that he loved her dearly; that he 
had passed fifteen years without listening to any proposition 
of marriage, but that the Queen-Mother and her subjeats 
having urged him strongly, he bad at length determined ta 
marry a princess of the blood-royal, and that it was ueceBsaiy 
they should repair immediately to the palace to assist at the ' 
ceremony. Belle-Etoile put on a rose-coloured velvet diea, 
trimmed with brilliants, her hair fell in large curls upon her 
shoulders, ornamented with knots of ribands; the star upon 
her forehead shone splendidly, and the chain of gold around 
her neck, which could not be taken off, seemed to be of a 
metal more precious even than gold. Nothing to mort^ 
eyes would have appeared more beautiful. Her brothen 
were attired with equal splendour, particularly Priuce Gheri; 
there was something in his appearance which distinguished 
him especially. They all four went in a coach made of ebony 
and ivory; the inside was lined with cloth of gold, tte 
cushions were of the same, embroidered with jewela j it wai 
drawn by twelve white horses, the remainder of their equipage 
incomparably beaatUoL "N^'a^tt. ftfcM^-^toile and Iw 



PRINCESS BELLE-ETOILE AND PRINCE CHERI. 608 

brothers arrived, the delighted King went with all his court 
to receive them, at the top of the stairs. The apple sang 
wonderfully well, the water danced, and the little bird that 
told everything spoke better than an oracle. All four 
knelt to the King, took his hand, and kissed it with as 
much respect as affection. He embraced them, and said, '^ I 
am much obliged to you, lovely strangers, for coming here 
to-day; your presence gives me great pleasui'e." With these 
words he conducted them into a grand saloon, where several 
musicians were performing, and various tables, splendidly 
furnished, left nothing to be desired in the way of good 
cheer. 

The Queen-Mother arrived, accompanied by her future 
daughter-in-law, the admiral's wife, and a great number of 
ladies, and among them the poor Queen, who had a long strap 
of leather round her neck, which also linked the three dogs 
to her. They conducted her into the middle of the saloon, 
where they had placed a cauldron filled with bones and bad 
meat, which the Queen had ordered for their dinner. 

When Belle-Etoile and the Princes saw this unhappy 
Princess, though they knew her not, tears rushed into their 
eyes, either from reflections upon the vicissitudes of this life, 
which affected them, or that they were touched by an instinct 
of nature, which will often make itself felt. But what did 
the wicked Queen think of a return so unexpected, and so 
contraiy to her wishes? She cast so furious a look at Fein- 
tise, that she sincerely desired the earth would open and 
swallow her up. 

The King presented the beautiful children to his mother, 
saying a thousand kind things of them; and in spite of the 
uneasiness she endured, she received them graciously, and 
looked upon them as favourably as though she loved them, 
for dissimulation was in vogue even at that time. The feast 
passed off very gaily, although the King was very much dis- 
tressed to see his wife eating with the whelps, as the meanest 
of all creatures ; but having resolved to be as complaisant as 
possible to his mother, who obliged him to re-marry, he left 
everything to her orders. 

At the end of the repast, the King addressed himself to 
Belle-Etoile. " I know," said he, " you are in ^o^afe^^'oroi. <::^ 
three treasures which are unequalled. \ <iOTi.^^\i^aXSk ^^^i. 



m WMMXMM HDXX-ROILC AM) PKISCB CHERL j 

Hw iMUiiu fciwrf hcrfauidiUMl feet a thousand times; 
   fcaA t^OT* bean  more ten^ and toochii^ B>^t; 
aimj ^ lapt aaJ niMd tlteir bwodt and eyes to fae&Ten, to 
wabmm i^nks Kv h arii ig pennittcd saeb important cimm- 
t to h^t. The King thanked the 
ided to maiTT him, and preseatod her 
I ipaaititj of jevela. But for the Queen-Mother, 
~i vile, md FeintisB, whnt coald he not hare 
to Umb, if be faad onlj been counselled b; bis isdigiu- 
71m lempMt of kt* rage begun to lower, wbeo the 
_ ~ ' ' childmi, and Cberi entreated him to be 

HMBid, and to inffict a judgment apon them more for the 
HM of example than severity: he imprinoned the Queeo- 
HotbOT in a lower, but fur tbc udmirai's wife and FeiatiE^ 
ttej thrrm ihetn tog>.'tber into a dark loathsome dungeon, 
wwn iImj fed v'ltb the three dogs called Chagrin, MouioQ, 
d Dooleur; and as they no longer saw their good miatrea^ 
tfaay bit thuae they were with every instant. In this dungeon 
tiuty ffoded their days, which were sufficiently protracted to 
pre them Ume to repent of all their crimes. 

A soon aa the Qutsen-Mother, the Rdmii'al'a wife, and 
V-\u:'.":. v.r;r.j JL-I nwAV ti) tliC scvcml plsces appointed 
{r liii.iM \iy tlio Kin;:, tjie miiniciaiia bcg^ii to sing audio 
pi.y. 'I'll'; j'.y M-iiH ui]i.'i]Uii]]ed; Udle-Etyile and Cheri felt 
iiior.' iliici r:vt-ryb(nly Ijtsideft; they knew they were on the 
tvi; ..f l";iiii; iiiiulc happy. lu short, the King, mho thought 
lii^ ri'jili' -.v tliu handsomest and most accomplished man at 
',''piiir,. inid him he could not let euclia grand day pass without 
ii ^MlMill;;, and that lie presented him with his daughter. 
'I h': I'liiice, transported with jov, threw hiraself at his feet, 
:L:,.i ll,.H,..-Ktmle was equally delighted. 

It was but just that the old Princess, who had lived in soli- 
tmic fur so many years, should quit it to partake of the pub- 
lic rejoicing. Tha same little &dry, who came to dine with 
her, and whom she received so well, entered suddenly to 
relate to her all that had passed at Court. ' Let us go there,' 
continued she, " I will inform you as we go along of the care 
I have taken ol" : i.n' " The grateful Princess ascended 

the Fairy'* c\<<- -ak brilliant with gold and aznre, 

"'^'^ T""" itiind, Kcd followed by a hundred 

i feiugdom. 



raiNCESS BELLE-ETOILB AND PRINCE CHERL 605 

As soon as the water touched him he became so handsome, 
no one recognised him, "and his eye was restored. The King, 
"who loved him dearly, was as much delighted at this occur- 
rence as the Queen-Mother was displeased to hear the applause 
that was bestowed upon the Princes. After silence was re- 
stored, Belle-Etoile placed the singing apple upon the water; 
it was made out of a single ruby, surrounded by diamonds, 
with a branch of amber; it commenced so harmonious a 
concert, that a hundred musicians would have been less 
effectiYe. This enchanted the King and all his Court, whose 
admiration increased when Belle-Etoile drew from her muff 
a little golden cage, of beautiful workmanship, in which was 
the green bird that told everything ; it was fed upon diamond 
dust, and drank only the water from distilled pearls. She 
took it very gently and placed it on the apple, which was 
silent out of respect, and to give the bird the opportunity 
of talking ; its feathers were so beautifully delicate, that they 
were ruffled by people even shutting and opening their eyes 
near it They were of all the shades of green that could be 
imagined. The bird addressed itself to the King, and asked 
him what he would like to know 1 " We should like to learn," 
said the King, "who this beautiful girl and these three cavaliers 
arel" "Oh, King," answered the green bird, with a loud 
and intelligible voice ; " she is thy daughter, and two of these 
princes are thy sons, the third, called Cheri, is thy nephew;" 
and it then related with wonderful eloquence the whole his- 
tory, without omitting the least circumstance. The King 
wept, and the afflicted Queen, who had quitted the cauldron, 
the bones, and the dogs, approached gently, weeping for joy 
and love for her husband and her children ; for could she doubt 
the truth of this statement, when she perceived all the tokens 
by which they could be recognised. The three Princes and 
Belle-Etoile rose up at the end of their history, they threw 
themselves at the King's feet  they embraced his knees, they 
kissed his hands; he stretched out his arms to them, he 
pressed them to his heart; there was nothing heard but 
sighs and exclamations of joy. The King arose, and seeing 
the Queen, his wife, standing timidly close to the wall, in 
a most humble posture, ran to her, and bestowing on her a 
thousand caresses, placed a chair for her himself close to his, 
and made her sit down in it. 



N 



APPENDIX. 



Gracibuse et Percinet.  This story bears to me internal 
evidence of being a coup d'essai. It is slighter in plot, and 
the repetition of incident weakens the interest of what there 
is of it. Several English versions of it have been pub^ 
lished under the title of " Graciosa and Percinet." In this 
very first story the effects of Madame d'Aulnoy's residence at 
the court of Madrid is to be seen. She tells us that Grognou 
" determined to make her entree on horseback, because she 
had heard it was the custom of the Queens of Spain.'* 
Madame d'Aulnoy was present at the entree of Marie d'Orleans, 
queen of Charles II. of Spain, into Madrid, January 13th, 
1680. The Queen, she tells us, rode on a fine Andalusian horse, 
which the Marquis de Villa Mayna, her first gentleman-usher, 
led by the reins. Her clothes were so richly embroidered 
that you could not see the stuff they were made of. Shd 
wore a hat trimmed with white and scarlet feathers, and the 
pearl called the Peregrina,^ which is as big as a small pear, 
and of inestimable value, hanging from the agraffe of dia- 
monds which looped up her hat. Her hair hung loose upon 
her shoulders and forehead : her neck was a little bare, and 
she wore a farthingale. She had upon her finger the king's 
large diamond, which it is pretended is the finest in Europe.   
^^ Travels in Spain," and ** Memoirs of the Court of Spain. 



>; 



La BteLLB Aux Cheveux d'Or.  The Fair with Golden 
Hair, is one of the most popular tales in the collection, and 

(1) See page 580 of this Tolume. 
BE 




f Anloi/r never meit 



In YmaetiWmantmjm 
toUlinttf. Had I 

tionx a [iliint fjr a _ 
I iiitKlit iii<i have tr.jubie-i mTieli lo aacenaio which plac 
she rvuWy did mean by B<JuIc-_Tie. The fiishioQ mentioaed 
liy Kvulyn, apjxjara not to have been of long duration, for in 
" An A>,'iuciible Criticism of tbe City of Paris," (London, 
1711(1.) ui! iiro told, "The Boionia da^ ar^ now kid aside as 
iLiid iiiisupportable, and uoue are caisseil but those with 
iiHit of u wolf, and cut eare; and the more they are 
honoured with kisses and 



"',' 



iul>ii 



0.1. the ] 



they 1 



t.'OiSRAU Blbu.  The Blue Bird is another of the most 
^ttlfatr of tliMQ stories, and baa escaped with better trat- 
ItMttt duu lUMty. The display nmde by Triiitonne of her 
pNKuts (p. 45), appears to have been suggested by 
ikibitioQ mnde by the young Princess of Monteleoo 
nuton at Madrid. "They brought thirty silver 
^vUcfa were as deep and as wide as table-baskets; 
 kuMT; tlut tliure were four women to cany ona 
n\ \\mka iJmk% -vas whatever ia possible to be seen 
> ..v\ 1^^ Ci^^a^\n '^ife ^^Asn^ .it the country. 



APPENDIX. 611 

Amongst other things, there were six of a certain sort of close 
coat of gold and silver brocade, made like vests, to wear in a 
morning, with buttons some of diamonds and others of eme- 
ralds, and of these every one had six dozen."  (Travels in 
Spain, Letter VIII.) The freedom with which Florine, in her 
assumed character of Mie Souillon, perambulates the royal 
palace and gardens with her toys for sale, would not have 
(tppeai'ed improbable to a French cotemporary reader. In 
*'A View of Paris,'' (London, 1701,) the English traveller 
0ays, " I was not a little surprised to see people sell things 
about in the Court, (at Fontainbleau,) as if it had been a 
BQarket-place."r P. 62. 

Pbixoe Lutin.  This is also a general favourite, and has 
appeared in English as "The Hobgoblin Prince," "Prince 
Elfin,** and ** The Invisible Prince." As Lutin is not the 
proper name of the hero, but his quality, I have translated 
U Sprite ; for Elfin it certainly is not. An elf is a fiiiry, 
^hich Leander himself disclaims being. (See page 96.) He 
possesses no magic power over others; he is simply en- 
dowed with the &culty of rendering himself invisible, and of 
'^iransporjting himself with the speed of thought wherever he 
pleases. He is rendered ethereal. Shakespere has described 
the very being  

" And I ill purge thy mortal grossness, so 
, That thou thalt like an airy spirit go^Midtitmrner Night's Dream. 

 

itania herein makes exactly the same offer to the Athenian 
lown that the Fairy Gentille does to Leander. Lutin is 
ly a spritey or goblin ; but a goblin with us conveys the 
idea of aomething frightful, or at least grotesque, in appear- 
anoe, and generelly mischievous in character; and I have 
uierefore preferred the former title. " The Invisible Piince " 




^ Jh xising it for the title of my 

** ^* Prince Lutin,** as the story had been popularized imder that 
^ Idame in the nursery, I did not conceive myself authorized to 
^jbtain it under the present circumstances, although certainly 
a more attractive one than the originaL 

 ' vc explained who Brioche, the puppet-^Yio^taasi. -- " ^ 

rb2 



612 APPENDIX. 

a note to ** The Blue Bird " (page 65) ; but I may add hen, 
that the two monkeys, BriscambiUe and Peroefor^t, which 
Leander buys of him, were named after a celebrated droll, and 
the hero of a popular romance. BriscambiUe, or Bruscam- 
bille, was a comic actor. He appears to have been a sort of 
French Joe Miller, as I find in the " Dictionnaire Bibliogra- 
phique, etc., des Livres Rares," (Paris, 1790,) the following 
work : <^ Fac6tieuses Paradoxes de Bruscambille, et autres 
discours comiques, le tout nouvellement tir6 de Fescarcelle 
des ses imaginations. Rouen : Malliart, 1615.*' '' Le Roman de 
Percefor^t" is a work of the 15th century. Percefor^t is a name 
now generally given to a great hunter. The allusion to the 
bad &,ith and chicanery of the Normans, as I have shown, is 
not peculiar to Madame d'Aulnoy ; but we may presume that 
the &ct of her husband having been falsely accused of treason 
by two natives of that province had not disposed her to spare 
them ; though, if not a native herself, her feither was, we are 
told, connected with the first families in Normandy, I must 
plead guilty to the anachronism in the concluding verses, 
Madame d'Aulnoy could not, of course, have quoted Gray; 
but " Heureux ceux qui sont ignorants," must have recalled 
the well-known phrase, " Ignorance is bliss," to the reader, 
render it as I might. 

The two following stories. La Princesse Printanierb and 
La Princesse Rosette are less known, and I have seen but 
two English versions of them ; the former appeared firsts 
under the title of " Princess Verenata," and recently as 
" Princess Maia j" the latter was dramatized by me under that 
of " The King of the Peacocks." They are both of them 
agreeable stories, inculcating, the one, filial duty; the other, 
forgiveness of injuries : but call for no additional remarks 
here. 

Le Rameau d'Or.  "The Golden Branch" appeared in 
English, in a book entitled, "The Diverting Works of 
the Countess d'Anois," London, 1717, It is one of the 
tiiost elaborate and original of the series. The corresponding 
a;dventures of Torticoli and Trognon in the tower have an 
oriental air about them, and are agreeably contrasted by the 
pastoral scenes that ioYLo^ \Xi^\t \x^Ti^<^TCQ5a.\Ksycu 



APPENDIX. 618 

L'Oranger et l'Abeille was also first published in " Th6 
Diverting Works." I have given a note in explanation of the 
Word Canamhour, "Eagle wood," which occurs in the ori- 
ginal ; and in Madame d'Aulnoy's " Travels in Spain," she 
^entions her first acquaintance with the material. "The 
Princess of Monteleon," she tells us, " presented me with 
a pair of beads of Palo d'Aguila, which is a curious sort of 
irood that comes from the Indies." 

'._ La Bonne Petite Souris concludes the first portion of 
^ Contes des Fes." As " The Good Little Mouse," a mo- 
dernised version appeared in the "Child's Fairy Library." 
Hhe story is by no means equal to its predecessors. 

Le Mouton is the first fairy tale in " Lea F^es k la Mode," 
which are a series of stories, the first three supposed to be 
told by the personages in a Spanish novel, which Madame 
d'Aulnoy, in a fanciful introduction, says she has joined to 
them to make them more agreeable. " Le Mouton " is an 
6ld acquaintance with English juvenile readers, to whom 
feveral abridgments have been famished, under the title of 
f^The Royal Ram;" a more captivating one, I admit, but 
not the author's, which is simply " The Ram." It appears 
to have suggested to Madame de Villeneuve her charming 
Btory of " La Belle et la B^te " " Beauty and the Beast." 
$he has rendered the lover more hideous, and altered the 
tragical termination; but the general idea is too similar to 
tie accidental. 

FiNBTTE Cbndron exposes Madame d'Aulnoy tb a similar 
charge of imitation. This story is a curious compound of 
Perrault's " Petit Poucet," and his " Cendrillon," so fami-, 
liarized to us as "Hop o' my Thumb," and "Cinderella." 
As the fair Countess does not neglect any opportunity of 
testifying to the popularity of Perrault, it is singular that 
she should have so boldly appropriated two of the best stories 
of a living author at a time when they were in everybody's 
bands, and his fame in its zenith. The pasticcio is still more 
remarkable, from the fact that in the title of Madame. 
d'Aulnoy's story we find the name of Finette, also rendered 
celebrated by Perrault, as that of his " Adroit^ l^w^ 






614 ilvttiBix. 

beUeved, Vy'tfae imy, aiul .with good MMi^ to bi'ifce 6iA 
Fairy Tale of this uMi ever written. The oeeutTBilee of  
ftotual nam^ of CendriUon towards the ckM ef the' tfborf, 
(eee page 348, noto^) oompletes the mystiioaifeiod; imd hMlnett 
oneaimoet to imagine that the authors had a oeiAttionar%iDd, 
which has hitherto eeoaped notioe. 

FoBTUNiB is a pleasant little story, whieh the tranriat^*^ 
''The Collection ** thought proper to omit Babstitatii|^ in iti 
plaoe, without a word of explanation, ''Le Fttlaia  Yen- 
seanoey** hy the Countess de Murat Fortun^ I belisv^ 
has not heen prerionsly translated. 

Babioui has been published with some little oomiffesi!<m 
in the " Child's Fairy Libraiy.*' In this Bt<7 the authert 
Spanish remimsoences are particularly obvious. There iif 
more fimcy than intention m the plot^ and ft conveys no 
particular moral It is altogether more like an Ambiaa 
Nights* tale, and may indeed have had an eastern originaL 
In <' The Collection ** this story is supplanted by the Countear 
de Murat's '' AnguiUette," the name being oodJy substituted 
for that of Babiole in the paragraph which precnedes it, with- 
out the slightest explanation. 

Lb Nain Jaune, the ** Yellow Dwarf," is a more popular 
story, and though as tragical in its termination as "The 
Ram," has been more frequently presented to the English 
public in one shape or another, and especially in a dramatic 
form. The genius of Mr. Robson is, at the moment I write, 
illustrating it at the Olympic Theatre, in a most remarkable 
manner. This story is introduced by Madame d'Aulnoy in 
a novel called " Don Ferdinand de Toledo." 

SERPiiNTiN Vert is a story that has been altogether ne- 
glected by English translators; and, substituted for it in "The 
Collection," we find " Young and Handsome," the " Jeune et 
Belle" of Madame de Murat. *'Serpentin Vert," which I could 
only render in English " Green Serpent," is a singular story, 
and were it not for the incongruous and rather clumsy em- 
ployment of mythological machinery in the working out of 
lis denoilmentf might task mt.\i \k<& Vva.^^iest of Madame 



appendix; 615 

d'Aulnoy's inspirationis. We might tolerate Cupid, but 
Proserpine and the Infernal Regions are too much out of 
keeping with the rest of the picture, and there is something 
altogether " lame and impotent" in the conclusion. The idea 
of the effect produced by Love, although " hidden in the 
hearts of the young people,? upon the Fairy Magotine, is 
poetical enough, but it does not harmonize with the subject, 
Madame de Beaumont has a story entitled " Bellotte and 
Laidronette," names which I presume she must have taken 
from this tale. " Serpentin Vert" will be recognised per- 
haps by some of our readers as the foundation of my extra- 
vaganza, " The Island of Jewels." In the portrait of Madame 
d'Aulnoy, affixed to this volume, will be found a pictorial 
illustration of the bow of fiband worn on the muff at that 
period, and mentioned at page 305. 

La Princesse Carpillon.  A version of this story is to 
be found in " The Collection." It is one of the best in the 
book, but calls for no observation here. 

La Grenouillb Bibnpaisante was omitted by the col- 
lectors, and I believe first appeared in English in the "Child's 
Fairy Library," with the usual abbreviations and alterations. 
It is very original in its plot, and amusingly extravagant in 
-its details. 

La Biohb au Bois.  This charming story was likewise 
most unaccountably discarded by the collectors; but as *' The 
Hind in the Forest," two or three English versions have 
appeared in other publications, and it has been more than 
once dramatized. My own version was entitled " The Prince 
of Happy Land, or the Fawn in the Forest ;" "The Hind iu 
the Wood," as I have here translated it, is nearer to the 
original. Its commencement slightly reminds us of the 
Princesse Printaniere, but the story is a much more agreeable^ 
one. 

La Chatte Blanche.  The White Cat is one of the best 
known, and most popular of all Madame d'Aulnoy's stories, 
and few collections of Fairy Tales are to be found mtSssixs^ 
a version of it. In the present ttaiiB\A.\ou,\ksy^^>"^^^^^*^ 






^ iQiutraiiw of mannera an j 
 Im^ onutied by prcTioai 
nAfaBBB Co part of that' 
ElBi&Daa. in the Arabian 
B dFi&nkoj'a story is, k>n- 



B Riisas  ^Thia is anotba 
t Imb bam olwajTs qaOed in ^English ver- 
~ * KniictK''' Now Uiere is 
 "La Qlnscrea F^ea." entitleil, 
s reprehensible on 
"fi niwMllM rtiiTiiiiJ." also, does Dot mean 
e by which Belle- 
t of Kog AttWBte. ClieTalier being 



Im PtBiLia ir Uk Couni^  Thissppans in "The Collefr 
tBoa," ba Lam audi(rifaBetfanhakbMBanj'oth'Teraoa 
<ik. itipftiMf mptontoawiyrf*fain>hiri. bat thtw 
IB caoBiIenble zrMrs vi^ Sk-Tios n die treatment of it 

:r- '; -.;.. ^';,.fu [" -^.^ iUlc i' ','- ;;;:;iaL-:ii'- beioj a Princess, 



of Wi 


liob I caiinot 




tkti 


ou of it 


ISTE 1 


Chei 


11. This 


??'"> 


.ritv 


in every 


i - Le' 


sd^i 


IX Stems 


VI.- rv; 


'U 


tf "Lea 


r\-,;ji 


..T f 


..tind the 


'^" 


l>h 


ich. ho- 
she gives 


^'"id 




i round 


f;tirT 


xlii. 


e leUitii'l 


i triice W-: 


Lch silver 



APPENDIX. 617 

hair on one side of his head and gold on the other, which 
^reminds one of the advertising pictures inscribed ** No more 
grey hair," lately made so fiimiliar to the London Public; 
and the introduction of Prince Cheri (the Prince Cherry of 
the stage) is a vast improvement in the plot, giving a lover 
to the Princess, and increasing the interest of the story as 
well as the point of the dialogue. The translators have 
Englished Belle-Etoile into Fair Star, and Latinized Heureux 
into Felix. Cheri is spelt with a y instead of an % and left 
untranslated to be corrupted into Cherry; while Petit-Soleil 
is changed into Bright Sun, It would have been more con- 
sistent, and scarcely more destructive of their identity, to 
have renamed them altogether* 



PEINCE MARCASSm. 

The felicity of a King and Queen is clouded by their having 
no femily. The Queen, sleeping one day in a garden, dreams 
that three feiries appear in the air above her head, and, ex- 
pressing their concern for her, determine that she shall have 
a son, whom the first two endow with all the graces of form, 
feature, and intellect. The third, however, merely laughs 
and mutters some words between her teeth, which are not 
iiit^gible to the Queen. She wakes, sees no one, returns to 
the palace in great agitation, and reveals her dream to the 
King, expressing her alarm at the intentions of the third fairy. 
In due time, the promised heir to the throne makes his appear- 
ance ; but, instead of a beautiful boy, he is a horrible wild 
boar-pig, called in French, Marcassin, The terrible misfor- 
tune is concealed for some time from the Queen; but when 
they are compelled to tell her the truth, her distress is, of 
course, overwhelming. She, however, resists the King's pro- 
posal to destroy the little monster, and by degrees becomes 
attached to it. Prince Marcassin, as he is named, grows up, 
and exhibits considerable capacity and courage ; but has 
much of the ferocity, as well as all the appearance, of a 
wild-boar. His manners and dress are descvibed with soma 
humour. A lady of quality, reduced in circumstances, ai^- 
plies to the Queen for protection for laexefcYl ^.xA "^^^^ ^Vx:< 



9nJ 



JttimBS^ 



daughters, lameii^, Zi^Ionidc, and Marthesie. FHuce Marcasain 
Bees and fiilla in luve with the eldest. She is attached* 
aud contracted to a youog nobleman, named Ctiridon; hut 
the mother, dazzled by the prospect of seeing her daughter 
the wife of the heir apparent, insists upon Iemen6 resigning 
Coridou, and accepting Prince Marcossin. The wedding takes 
place, and oa the bridal night Marcossin sees lament ani 
CoridoQ fall by their own hands. He has scarcely recovered 
&om the shock of this catastrophe, when he iaik in love ^th 
the seooad daughter, Zdonide, who ia also conapelled to 
marry him, but determines to destroy him by strangling him 
when he is asleep. He diacoveja her intention, and kills her 
with two blows of his tenifio tusks. Disgusted with tha 
world, aud also with himself, he flics from the palace, sud 
lives in the woods witb otber wild boars. One day he en- 
counters by accident Maithesie, the third sister, and proposes 
to her. She is not so much startled by the offer as the reader 
may imagine ; she aska only for time for consideration. 
Another meeting takes place, and she ia persuaded to vmi 
his oavem, under a promise ta be allowed to leave it again, 
which he breaks, and inakea her first his prisonor, and then 
his wife. After residing with him some time, she dbcovere 
that he lias the power of divesting himself of his boar's skinj 
which she seizes and hides, to his great alarm, as he haa 
received this benefit from the Fairies only on condition d 
inviolable seoresy. Six distafis, three with white silk and 
three with black, fall through the roof of the cavern, and 
commence dancii^. This whimsical event is followed hy 
a voice declaring t^t Marcaasin and Uarthesie shall be made 
happy, if they can guess what the distafis signify. Marcaasin 
guesses that the three white distafb are the three Fairies, and 
Marthesie divines that the three black are her two sisters and 
Condon, The conjectures prove correct  the transformations 
take place. The suicide of lament and her lover, and the 
murder of Zelonide, turn out to be merely delusions practised 
by ^e third Fairy upon Marcassin ; who, restored to haman 
shape of the most approved pattern, returns to polite society, 
in company of his tturd wif^ Marthesie, and Uvea h^[7 
ever afterwards. 



APPENDIX. 61 9 

LE DAUPHIN. 

^ This story details the adventures of an exceedingly ugly 
prince named Alidor, who, travelling in disguise, falls in love 
with a beautiful princess named Livorette, and by the assist- 
ance of a dolphin, the life of which he preserves while fishing, 
acquires the power of assuming at pleasure the form of 
a canary-bird. Under this form he becomes a feivourite with 
Livorette, who had laughed at his attentions as Alidor. A 
mock marriage with the canary-bird leads to a real scandal 
through the instrumentality of a spiteful feiry accidentally 
offended by Alidor ; and the prince, his wife, and infant are 
thrown into the sea in a tub by order of the infuriated father 
of Livorette, and are only saved from destruction by the 
intervention of the friendly dolphin, who conveys them to his 
own island, and ultimately restores the princess to the arms 
of her relenting parents, and Alidor to the crown of his father. 
There is nothing in the purport of the story to cause the 
reader to regret, while there is sufficient in its details to 
justify its omission. 

These latter stories are introduced by Madame d'Aulnoy 
in one called ** Le Nouveau Gentilhomme Bourgeois ;" avow- 
edly suggested by the Gentilhomme Bourgeois of Moli^re, 
and not a little indebted to the author's recollections of 
" Don Quixote." Although not without humour and cha- 
racter, it is, like the two Spanish novels before it, a mere vehicle 
for the " Fairy Tales," and, as I have previously remarked, 
quite lumecessary. 



THE END. 