LIBRARY FOR 
YOUNG PEOPLE 



A COLLECTION OF THE BEST READING 
FOR BOYS AND GIRLS 



WALTER CAMP 

EDITOR-IN-CHIEF, ASSISTED BY THE FOLLOWING EDITORIAL STAFF 



CHARLES WELSH 
ARTHUR T. HADLEY 

BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER 

SR EDWIN ARNOLD 

ANSON PHELPS STOKES. JR. 

BUSS CARMAN 

CyNimA WESTOVER ALDEN 

HOWARD PYLE 

EDWIN KIRK RAWSON 



RICHARDKDANA 

UEUTENANT ROBERT E. PEARY 

EDWARD BROOKS 

PROFESSOR W. P. TRENT 

C a D. ROBERTS 

HENRY S. PRITCHETT 

OPIE READ 

ABBIE FARWELL BROWN 

NATHAN H. DOLE 



THCMIAS WENTWORTH HlCCiNSON 
WITH A GENERAL INTRODUCTION BY MELVIL DEWEY 



ILLUSTRATED IN COLOR AND BLACK AND THITE 




NEW YORK 
F . C O L L I F R Cr SON 



BOARD OF EDITORS 

WALTER CAMP. Editor-in-Chief. 

MELVIL DEWEY, Director of New York State Library. ' 

PHILIP P. WELLS. Librarian Yale Law School. 

C G. D. ROBERTS, Editor and Historian. 

CHARLES WELSH, Author. Lecturer, Managing Editor "Young 
Folks' Library." 

ARTHUR T. HADLEY, President Yale University. 

BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER, President University of California. 

SIR EDWIN ARNOLD, Author, Traveller, and Poet. Author of 
"The Light of Asia," etc. 

ANSON PHELPS STOKES, Jr., Author and Educator. Secretary 
Yale University. 

CYNTHIA WESTOVER ALDEN, Author, Editor. Founder Interna- 
tional Sunshine Society. 

HOWARD PYLE. Artist- Author. Author and Illustrator of "The 
Merry Adventures of Robin Hood." 

EDWARD KIRK RAWSON, Author. Superintendent Naval War 
Records. 

BLISS CARMAN, Journalist and Poet 

HENRY S. PRITCHETT, President Massachusetts Institute of Tech- 
nology. 

RICHARD HENRY DANA, Lawyer, Author and Lecturer. 

ROBERT E. PEARY, Lieutenant and Civil Engineer, U. S. N. Arctic 
Explorer, Author and Inventor. 

W. P. TRENT, Professor of English Literature, Columbia University. 

ABBIE FARWELL BROWN, Author of Children's Stories. 

EDWARD BROOKS, Author, Superintendent Public Schools of Phila- 
delphia. 

THOMAS WENTWORTH HIGGINSON, Author. 

OPIE READ, Journalist and Author. 

NATHAN H. DOLE, Writer and Translator. 



THE KEW YORK 

PUBLIC IIBRARY 



"F 



A?rrou. i.KNOX and 

TlLUEiN KOC NUATI0N8 
B ^ 



Xibcarg for Igounp people 



FAIRY TALES r. 



WITH AN INTRODUCTION BT 

HOWARD PYLE 



ILLUSTRA TED BY 

BEATRICE STEVENS 




NEW YORK 
P. F. COLLIER ? SON 



THE NEW TOBK 

PUBLIC LIBRARY 

292045B 

ASTtfR. LENOX AND 

TlLi>M rOUNDAllONS 

1 1M4 L 



ConmiGHT 1903 
By p. F. collier & SON 



44X5 



50 * 




INTRODUCTION 

|HERE have Folk-Tales had their begin- 
ning? Philologists are inclined to the 
belief that to answer such a question one 
must look far into the depths of a Past 
more remote than^ that of ancient Egypt, more pro- 
found than that of Nineveh and Babylon  z dim, 
impenetrable Past where at the primitive fireside of 
Humanity, the stories of the slayers of the Giants and 
of the Hero who rescues the enchanted Princess from 
her perils were told to listening audiences of the 
adult children of a race yet infant in its simplicity. 
Folk-Tales are as universal as human speech, and, 
as one language differing from another had, after all, 
its beginning in a single parent stock of vowels and 
consonants articulated into speech, so the folk-tales of 
one people differ from another only in a degree lim- 
ited by circumstances and surroundings. For there 
is no mistaking the significance of the fact that each 
group of these quaint and curious Romances is so 
similar in its variants that it is hardly^possible to sup- 
pose otherwise than that all grew originally from one 
parent root founded in the very fundamental begin- 
ning of human imagination. The scientific students 

^ Vol 4 



Introduction 

of folk-tales have even arranged the thousands of dif- 
ferent forms into some score or less of general types, 
and these again may be condensed into a third or a 
quarter as many species. Indeed, when the final test 
is applied, all may be resolved down into the one uni- 
versal theme  perhaps the struggle between light 
and darkness; perhaps the conflict between summer 
and winter; perhaps (and this seems more likely) 
that ceaseless striving of good against evil, of weak- 
ness against oppression, of simplicity against cun- 
ning, of innocence against cruelty, that was since the 
world began. 

Let us take, for example, a very universal type of 
story in which three brothers are called upon to un- 
dertake some miraculous task, the reward in the suc- 
cessful performance of which is to be the possession 
of the beautiful Princess and of half the kingdom. 
(The story rarely deviates from the statement that, of 
these three brothers, two are wise and reputable, 
strong and valiant; the third  always the youngest  
being held by all the world to be a mere stupid wit- 
less oaf. He sits at home grubbing amid the dust 
and ashes, whilst his brothers go about in fine clothes 
and at ease. He is kicked and cuffed from pillar to 
post, and the refuse of the house is thrown to him to 
eat as it might be thrown to a mangy dog. The two 
elder brothers embark upon the performance of the 
adventure  jubilant, joyous, confident of success. 
rThey return beaten, humiliated, overthrown. Then 

u 



Introduction 



the youngest hfother rises from his degradation ; he 
shakes die dost and ashes from his coat, and iol you 
Buy behold in him the unexpected possibilities of a 
hera He goes forth into the world  ^maybe with 
'only a wooden sword by way of a weapon and a rind 
of cheese and a crust of bread by way of sustenance. 
He unexpectedly devdops a marvellous cunning and 
courage; he sla3rs dragons; he conquers giants; he 
clind>s mountains of glass; he rescues the distressed 
Princess ; he even goes to the end of the earth to fetch 
her back the Fruit of Happiness or the Water of 
Life so that he may restore her into a resurrection of 
joy and beauty. 

This type of folk-tale belongs to every race of 
people and to every nation in the world; it extends 
from the farthest bounds of Scandinavia to the utter- 
most part of India. The variants upon the theme 
are innumeraixle, but the theme itself is as universal 
as the words of human speech. It is impossible not 
to believe that it holds within it some mysterious sig- 
nificance that appertains to the very psychical exist-* 
ence of humanity. Were it otherwise it would long 
since have been dissipated and vanished into forget- 
fulness instead of being repeated and varied into a 
hundred languages and a diousand differentiated 
forms. 

The spiritual significance of the story is the same 
whether it be told of David, the Hebrew shepherd 

lady who slew his giant with a pebble, and so grew to 

 

lU 



Introduction 

be a king; or whether it be told of the little Tailor of 
Germany, who went forth from the obscurity of his 
bench to slay the giants, to destroy the wild boar that 
ravaged the land, to bring home the unicorn, tied 
with ropes, to marry the beautiful Princess, to be- 
come a king. 

Another type of story, favorite with all peoples, is 
that of the clever thief who, by cunning and inge- 
nuity, circumvents the entire cumbrous machinery of 
established law and order. He, too, in many vari- 
ants, marries a Princess and, in the end, as King, be- 
comes the very keystone of that structure of legiti- 
mate order which he one time himself did so much to 
undermine. 

This type of story exists, not only in the folk-tales 
of Germany and Scandinavia, of the Scottish High- 
lands and the plains of southern Europe, but it ap- 
pears with a singular identity of form in a folk-tale 
transcribed by the collector of certain North Ameri- 
can Indian myths. It is recounted, not only at the 
firesides of to-day, but Herodotus had it, he tells us, 
from the priests of Egypt as an ancient legend of 
dead and forgotten days of great Pharaohs of the 
past. 

It is not so easy, upon the face, to understand why 
the stories of theft and of lawlessness should possess 
such a charm. The paradox is more comprehensible 
when one sees in the narrative a form of that univer- 
sal and eternal revolt of helplessness against tyranny. 



Introduction 

of weakness against power; diat revolt that has ex- 
isted from the immemorial past when in the begin- 
nings of the world the strong man first began to domi- 
nate his weaker brethren and to accumulate the 
wealth of die earth for his own erecting a super- 
structure of laws to protect himself and his descen- 
dants in their possessions. 

Again, there is the story of the poor brodier and 
of the rich brother  of how the rich brother supplies 
the necessities of the poor brother widi a harsh* and 
grudging reluctance, setting some seemingly impos- 
sible task, by way of return for the niggardly bounty 
received. From his poverty and need, the poor 
brother arises to glory, power, and opulence; from 
his wealth and abundance, the rich brother sinks into 
humiliation and shame. Such is the theme that un- 
derlies the Oriental story of Ali Baba; the Scandi- 
navian tale of the poor man who brought the magic 
quern from Hell that ground him wealth and happi- 
ness; the poor soldier of Germany; and so, with dif- 
ferent variants, through the folk-romances of every 
nation and every race that inhabits the face of the 
earth. 

Here also a universal intention underlies all the 
different tales, pointing to one parent root from 
which all have sprung. 

These are only three of a multitude of groups 
which I have adduced to establish my proposition. I 
will only speak of two other types that, to my mind, 

v 



Introduction 

are singularly pregnant of a profound significance so 
universal that they must have belonged to the very 
foundation of human existence. 

The first of these is the sublime idea of Resur- 
rection from Death to Life. 

Sometimes the simple folk-story tells of an en- 
chanted Princess who lies entranced for a hundred 
years until the expected hero appears to waken her; 
sometimes the hero or the heroine dies and the soul 
reappears in the form of an animal until, by means of 
some peculiar charm or mystic ceremony, it is rein- 
carnated in the original human body; sometimes the 
hero of the narrative is slain by the villain, and is re- 
vived by some faithful friend or animal companion, 
who brings to him the Water of Life or the Fruit of 
Life from the uttermost extremity of the earth ; some- 
times it is a great King or a great Hero who had gone 
from the world only for a little while, leaving behind 
him a promise that, by and by, he shall return and 
bring peace and happiness, hope and comfort, to the 
lowly and oppressed. The profound significance of 
this group of stories needs no explication. 

The theme of the second group, of which I now 
speak, is that in which it is told of beasts who speak 
and have human intelligence and who, in the ex- 
tremity of his need, bring help and succor to the 
Hero of the tale. 

This, also, is a type of story universal to all hu- 
manity and which must have had its root in the very 

vi 



Introduction 

beginnings of human life, speaking, as it does, of the 
kinship of man with the dumb beasts of the earth and 
air. For as the one of these groups of romances 
speaks of the imperishability and the immortality of 
the human soul, so the other  equally primitive  
speaks of the consanguinity of man with the things of 
the earth whereon he finds his temporary dwelling- 
place. 

It is these underlying significances of folk-tales 
that make them immortal; that endow them with 
perennial life  otherwise they would never have de- 
scended to us of the present from out that profound 
and unfathomable past. The thunder epics of in- 
numerable dead poets have rumbled away into si- 
lence of eternity; only huge fragments of Homer and 
of Aeschylus remain to us of the present day; but 
those quaint, simple, childish narratives, told at the 
fireside, existing only as they have been passed from 
lip to lip, have reached us unbroken  almost un- 
changed in their very diction  from the very begin- 
nings of human speech. So, likewise, they shall 
doubtless last as long as this ancient world shall throb 
with human life. 

Howard Pyle. 



Vll 



FAIRY TALES 



CONTENTS 



THE LITTLE GOOD MOUSE ^ t^ S 

GRACIOSA AND PERCINET 22 

THE HISTORY OF SIR. R. WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT . . 46 

THE SNOW QUEEN  ^IN SEVEN STORIES : 

THE FIRST STORY  ^WHICH TREATS .OF THE MIRROR AND 

FRAGMENTS 58 

THE SECOND STORY  ^A LITTLE BOY AND A LITTLE GIRL . . 60 
THE THIRD STORY  ^THE FLOWER GARDEN OF THE WOMAN 

WHO COULD CONJURE 6/ 

THE FOURTH STORY  ^THE PRINCE AND THE PRINCESS . . 77 
THE FIFTH STORY  ^THE LITTLE ROBBER GIRL .... 86 
THE SIXTH STORY  ^THE LAPLAND WOMAN AND THE FIN- 
LAND WOMAN 93 

THE SEVENTH STORY  OF THE SNOW QUEEN^S CASTLE AND 

WHAT HAPPENED THERE AT LAST 97 

LITTLE FREDDY WITH HIS FIDDLE IO3 

WHY THE SEA IS SALT 112 

THE INVISIBLE PRINCE II9 

THE WONDERFUL SHEEP 1 38 

SYLVAIN AND JOCOSA 160 

THE FROG KING OR IRON HENRY I70 

CAT AND MOUSE IN PARTNERSHIP 1 75 

THE STRAW, THE COAL, AND THE BEAN 1 79 

THE FISHERMAN AND HIS WIFE 181 

THE WISHING-TABLE, THE GOLD-ASS, AND THE CUDGEL IN 

THE SACK 192 

3PRINCSSS ROSETTE 206 

3 



Contents 

THE ENCHANTED PIG 228 

BLUEBEARD 245 

TOADS AND DIAMONDS 252 

PRINCE DARLING  . .   256 

RIQUET WITH THE TU^T 273 

FORTUNATUS 280 

THE KING OF THE GOLDEN RIVER 29I 

HOLGER DANSKE 325 

THE GOOSE-GIRL AT THE WELL 332 

HANS IN LUCK 346 

THE PRINCESS AND THE NUTS 354 

THE TWELVE DANCING PRINCESSES 359 

THE WATER LILY. THE GOLD SPINNERS 376 

FELICIA AND THE POT OF PINKS 387 

SNOW-WHITE AND ROSE-RED 399 

THE GOOSE-GIRL 408 

THE STORY OF THE YOUTH WHO WENT FORTH TO LEARN 

WHAT FEAR WAS 417 

STORY OF THE EMPEROR'S NEW CLOTHES 43O 

THE ROSE AND THE RING 437 



FAIRY TALES 



THE LITTLE GOOD MOUSE 

ONCE upon a time there lived a King and Queen 
who loved each other so much that they were 
never happy unless they were together. Day after day 
they went out hundng or fishing ; night after night they 
went to balls or to the opera ; they sang, and danced, 
and ate sugar-plums, and were the gayest of the gay, and 
all their subjects followed their example so that the king- 
dom was called the Joyous Land. Now in the next 
kingdom everything was as different as it could possibly 
be. The King was sulky and savage, and never enjoyed 
himself at all. He looked so ugly and cross that all his 
subjects feared him, and he hated the very sight of a 
cheerful face ; so if he ever caught any one smiling he 
had his head cut off that very minute. This kingdom 
was very appropriately called the Land of Tears. Now 
when this wicked King heard of the happiness of the 
Jolly King, he was so jealous that he collected a great 
army and set out to fight him, and the news of his ap- 
proach was soon brought to the King and Queen. The 
Queen, when she heard of it, was frightened out of her 

5 



Fairy Tales 

wits, and began to cry bitterly, " Sire," she said, " let 
us collect all our riches and run away as far as ever we 
can, to the other side of the world." 

But the King answered : 

''Fie, madam ! I am far too brave for that It is 
better to die than to be a coward." 

Then he assembled all his armed men, and after bid- 
ding the Queen a tender farewell, he mounted his splendid 
horse and rode away. When he was lost to sight the 
Queen could do nothing but weep, and wring her hands, 
and cry. 

'' Alas ! If the King is killed, what will become of 
me and of my little daughter ? " and she was so sorrow- 
ful that she could neither eat nor sleep. 

The King sent her a letter every day, but at last, one 
morning, as she looked out of the palace window, she 
saw a messenger approaching in hot haste. 

" What news, courier ? what news ? " cried the Queen, 
and he answered : 

'' The battle is lost and the King is dead, and in 
another moment the enemy will be here." 

The poor Queen fell back insensible, and all her ladies 

carried her to bed, and stood round her weeping and 

wailing. Then began a tremendous noise and confusion, 

and they knew that the enemy had arrived, and very 

soon they heard the King himself stamping about the 

palace seeking the Queen. Then her ladies put the little 

Princess into her arms, and covered her up, head and all, 

in the bedclothes, and ran for their lives, and the poor 

6 



   



' The Little Gcx)d Mouse 

Queen Ity there shaking, and hoping she would not be 
found. But very soon the wicked King clattered into 
the room, and in a fury because the Queen would not 
answer when he called to her, he tore back her silken 
coverings and tweaked off her lace cap, and when all her 
lovely hair came tumbling down over her shoulders, he 
wound it three times round his hand and threw her over 
his shoulder, where he carried her like a sack of ilour. 

The poor Queen held her little daughter safe in her 
arms and shrieked for mercy, but the wicked King only 
mocked her, and begged her to go on shrieking, as it 
amused him, and so mounted his great black horse, and 
rode bade to his own country. When he got there he 
declared that he would have the Queen and the little 
Princess hanged on the nearest tree ; but his courtiers 
said that seemed a pity, for when the baby grew up she 
would be a very nice wife for the King's only son. 

The King was rather pleased with this idea, and shut 
the Queen up m the highest room of a tall tower, which 
was very tiny, and miserably furnished with a table and 
a very hard bed upon the floor. Then he sent for a 
latry who lived near his kingdom, and after receiving her 
with more politeness than he generally showed, and en- 
tertaining her at a sumptuous feast, he took her up 
to see the Queen. The tairy was so touched by the 
mght of her misery that when she kissed her hand 
she whispered : 

^' Courage, madam ! { think I see a way to help you." 

The Queen, a little comforted by these words, re- 

7 



Fairy Tales 

ceived her graciouslV) and begged her to take pity upon 
the poor little Princess, who had met with such a sudden 
reverse of fortune. But the King got very crpss when 
he saw them whispering together, and cried harshly : 

'* Make an end of these fine speeches, madam. I 
brought you here to tell me if the child will grow up 
pretty and fortunate." 

Then the Fairy answered that the Princess would be 
as pretty, and clever, and well brought up as it was pos- 
sible to be, and the old King growled to the Queen that 
it was lucky for her that it was so, as they would cer- 
tainly have been hanged if it were otherwise. Then 
he stamped off, taking the Fairy with him, and leaving 
the poor Queen in tears. 

" How can I wish my little daughter to grow up 
pretty if she is to be married to that horrid little dwarf, 
the King's son," she said to herself, " and yet, if she is 
ugly we shall both be killed. If I could only hide her 
away somewhere, so that the cruel King could never find 
her." 

As the days went on, the Queen and the little Prin- 
cess grew thinner and thinner, for their hard-hearted 
jailer gave them every day only three boiled peas and a 
tiny morsel of black bread, so they were always terribly 
hungry. At last, one evening, as the Queen sat at her 
spinning-wheel  for the King was- so avaricious that she 
was made to work day and night  she saw a tiny, pretty 
little mouse creep out of a hole, and said to it : 

^' Alas, little creature 1 what are you coming to look 

8 



The Little Good Mouse 

for here ? I only have three peas for my day's pro* 
vision, so unless you wish to fast you must go else- 
where/* 

But the mouse ran hither and thither, and danced 
and capered so prettily, that at last the Queen gave it her 
last pea, which she was keeping for her supper, saying : 
^ Here, little one, eat it up ; I have nothing better to 
oflfer you, but I give this willingly in return for the 
amusement I have had from you." 

She had hardly spoken when she saw upon the table 
a delicious little roast partridge, and two dishes of pre* 
served fruit. "Truly," said she, **a kind action never 
goes unrewarded;" and she and the little Princess ate 
their supper with great satisfaction, and then the Queen 
gave what was left to the little mouse, who danced better 
than ever afterward. The next mornii^ came the jailer 
with the Queen's allowance of three peas, which he 
brought in upon a laige dish to make them look smaller ; 
but as soon as he set it down the little mouse came and 
ate up all three, so that when the Queen wanted her din- 
ner there was nothing left for her. Then she was quite 
provoked, and said : 

^' What a bad little beast that mouse must be ! If it 
goes on like this I shall be starved." But when she 
glanced at the dish again it was covered with all sorts of 
nice things to eat, and the Queen made a very good 
dinner, and was gayer than usual over it. But afterward 
as she sat at her spinning*wheel she began to consider 
what would happen if the little Princess did not grow 

9 



Fairy Tales 

up pretty enough to please the King, and she said to 
herself : 

" Oh ! if I could only think of some way of escaping/* 

As she spoke she saw the little mouse playing in a 
corner with some long straws. The Queen took them 
and began to plait them, saying : 

*^ If only I had straws enough 1 would make a basket 
with them, and let my baby down in it from the window 
to any kind passer-by who would take care of her." 

By the time the straws were all plaited the little mouse 
had draped in more and more, until the Queen had plenty 
to make her basket, and she worked at it day and night, 
while the little mouse danced for her amusement ; and at 
dinner and supper time the Queen gave it the three peas 
and the bit of black bread, and always found something 
good in the dish in their place. She really could not 
imagine where all the nice things came from. At last one 
day when the basket was finished, the Queen was looking 
out of the window to see how long a cord she must make 
to lower it to the bottom of the tower, when she noticed 
a little old woman who was leaning upon her stick and 
looking up at her. Presently she said : 

^' I know your trouble, madam. If you like I Will 
help you." 

" Oh ! my dear friend," said the Queen. " If you 
really wish to be of use to me you will come at the time 
that I will appoint, and I will let down my poor little 
baby in a basket. If you will take her, and bring her up 
for me, when I am rich I will reward you splendidly." 

ID 



The Little Good Mouse 

*^ I don't care about the reward/' said the old woman, 
^'but there is one thing that I should like. You must 
know that I am very particular about what I eat, and if 
there is one thing that I fancy above all others, it is a 
plump, tender little mouse. If there is such a thing in 
your garret just throw it down to me, and in return I will 
promise that your little daughter shall be well taken 
care of." 

The Queen when she heard this began to cry, but 
made no answer, and the old woman after waiting a few 
minutes asked her what was the matter. 

" Why," said the Queen, " there is only one mouse 
in this garret, and that is such a dear, pretty little thing 
that I cannot bear to think of its being killed." 

" What ! " cried the old woman, in a rage. " Do you 
care more for a miserable mouse than for your own baby i 
Good-by, madam ! I leave you to enjoy its company, 
and for my own part I thank my stars that I can get 
plenty of mice without troubling you to give them to me." 

And she hobbled off grumbling and growling. As to 
the Queen, she was so disappointed that, in spite of finding 
a better dinner than usual, and seeing the little mouse 
dancing in its merriest mood, she could do nothing but 
cry. That night when her baby was fast asleep she packed 
it into the basket, and wrote on a slip of paper, '^ This 
unhappy little girl is called Delicia ! " This she pinned 
to its robe, and then very sadly she was shutting the 
basket, when in sprang the little mouse and sat on the 
baby's pillow. 

II 



Fairy Tales 

*^ Ah ! Hide one/^ said the Queen, ** it cost me dear to 
save yoar life. How shall I know now whether my Deticia 
b being taken care of or no ? Any one else would have 
kt the greedy old woman have you, and eat you up, but 
1 could not bear to do it." Whereupon the Mouse 
answered: 

^' Believe me, madam, you will never repent of your 
kindness." 

The Queen was immensely astonished when the 
Mouse began to speak, and still more so when she saw 
its little sharp nose turn to a beautiful face, and its paws 
to hands and feet ; then it suddenly grew tall, and the 
Queen recognized the Fairy who had come with the 
wicked King to visit hen 

The Fairy smiled at her astonished look, and said : 

'^ I wanted to see if you were faithful and capable of 
feeling a real friendship for me, for you see we fiuries are 
rich in everything but friends, and those are hard to find." 

'^ It is not possible that you should want for friends, 
you charming creature," said the Queen, kissing her. 

" Indeed it is so," the Fairy said. " For those who are 
only friendly with me for their own advantage, I do not 
count at alL But when you cared for the poor little mouse 
you could not have known there was anything to be gained 
by it, and to try you further I took the form of the old 
woman whom you talked to from the window, and then 
I was convinced that you really loved me." Then, turning 
to the little Princess, she kissed her rosy lips three times, 
saying : 

12 



The Little Good Mouse 

** Dear litde one, I promise that you shall be richer 
than your father, and shall live a hundred years, always 
pretty and happy, without fear of old age and wrinkles." 

The Queen, quite delighted, thanked the Fairy grate- 
fully, and b^ged her to take chaise of the little Delida 
and bring her up as her own daughter. This she agreed 
to do, and then they shut the basket and lowered it 
carefully, baby and all, to the ground at the foot of 
the tower. The Fairy then changed herself back into 
the form of a mouse, and this delayed her a few seconds, 
after which she ran nimbly down the straw rope, but only 
to find when she got to the bottom that the baby had 
disappeared. 

In the greatest terror she ran up again to the Queen, 
crying : 

*' All is lost ! my enemy Cancaline has stolen the 
Princess away. You must know that she is a cruel fairy 
who hates me, and as she is older than I am and has 
more power, I can do nothing against her. I know no 
way of rescuing Delicia from her clutches." 

When the Queen heard this terrible news she was 
heart-broken, and begged the Fairy to do all she could 
to get the poor little Princess back again. At this mo- 
ment in came the jailer, and when he missed the little 
Princess he at once told the King, who came in a great 
fury asking what the Queen had done with her. She an- 
swered that a fairy, whose name she did not know, had 
come and carried her off by force. Upon this the King 
stamped upon the ground, and cried in a terrible voice : 

13 



Fairy Tales 

^ You shall be hung ! I always told you you should." 
And without another word he dragged the unlucky 
Queen out into the nearest wood, and climbed up into a 
tree to look for a branch to which he could hang her. 
But when he was quite high up, the Fairy, who had 
made herself invisible and followed them gave him a 
sudden push, which made him lose his footing and fall to 
the ground with a crash and break four of his teeth, and 
while he was trying to mend them the fairy carried the 
Queen off in her flying chariot to a beautiful castle, where 
she was so kind to her that but for the loss of Delicia the 
Queen would have been perfectly happy. But though 
the good little mouse did her very utmost, they could 
not find out where Cancaline had hidden the little 
Princess. 

Thus fifteen years went by, and the Queen had some- 
iRfhat recovered from her grief, when the news reached her 
that the son of the wicked King wished to marry the 
little maiden who kept the turkeys, and that she had re- 
fused him ; the wedding-dresses had been made, never- 
theless, and the festivities were to be so splendid that all 
the people for leagues round were flocking in to be pres- 
ent at them. The Queen felt quite curious about a lit- 
tle Turkey-maiden who did not wish to be a Queen, so 
the little mouse conveyed herself to the poultry-yard to 
find out what she was like. 

She found the Turkey-maiden- sitting upon a big 
stone, barefooted, and miserably dressed in an old, coarse 
linen gown and cap ; the ground at her feet was all strewn 

14 



The Little Good Mouse 

with robes of gold and silver, ribbons and laces, diamonds 
and pearls, over which the turkeys were stalking to and 
fro, while the King's ugly, disagreeable son stood oppo- 
site her, declaring angrily that if she would not marry him 
she should be killed. 

The Turkey-maiden answered proudly : 

** I never will marry you ! you are too ugly and too 
much like your cruel father. Leave me in peace with 
my turkeys, which I like far better than all your fine 
gifb." 

The little mouse watched her with the greatest admi- 
ration, for she was as beautiful as the spring ; and as soon 
as the wicked Prince was gone, she took the form of an 
old peasant woman and said to her : ' 

'* Good-day, my pretty one ! you have a fine flock of 
turkeys there." 

The young Turkey-maiden turned her gentle eyes 
upon the old woman and answered : 

" Yet they wish me to leave them to become a miser- 
able Queen 1 what is your advice upon the matter ? " 

" My child," said the Fairy, " a crown is a very 
pretty thing, but you know neither the price nor the 
weight of it." 

" I know so well that I have refused to wear one," 
said the little maiden, '' though I don't know who was 
my father, or who was my mother, and I have not a 
friend in the world." 

** You have goodness and beauty, which are of more 
value than ten kingdoms," said the wise Fairy. '' But 

15 



Fairy Tales 

tell me, child, how came you here, and how is it you 
have neither fiither, ncM* mother, nor friend ? '' 

'' A Fairy called Cancaline is the cause of my being 
here," answered she, '* for while I lived with her I got 
nothing but blows and harsh words, until at last I could 
bear it no longer, and ran away from her without know- 
ing where I was g<ng, and as I came through a wood 
-die widced Prince met me, and offered to give me charge 
of the poultry-ysrd. I accepted gladly, not knowing duit 
I should have to see him day by day. And now he 
wants to marry me, but that I will never consent to/' 

Upon hearing this the Fairy became convinced that 
the little Turkey-maiden was none other than the Prin- 
cess Delicia. 

^' What is your name, my little one ? ** said she. 

''I am called Delicia, if it please you,'' she an- 
swered. 

Then the Fairy threw her arms round the Princess's 
neck, and nearly smothered her with kisses, saying : 

^' Ah, Delicia ! I am a very old fHend of yours, and 
I am truly glad to find you at last ; but you might look 
nicer than you do in that old gown, which is only fit for 
a kitchen-maid. Take this pretty dress and let us see 
the difierence it will make." 

So Delicia took off the ugly cap, and shook out all 

her fair shining hair, and bathed her hands and fiice in 

clear water from the nearest spring till her cheeks were 

like roses, and when she was adorned with the diamonds 

and the splendid robe the Fairy had given her, she 

i6 



The Little Good Mouse 

looked the most beautiful Princess in the \^orld, and the 
Fairy with great delight cried : 

^* Now you look as you ought to look, Delida : what 
do you think about it yourself? " 

And Delida answered : 

*^ I feel as if I were the daughter of some great king." 

"And would you be glad if you were?" said the 
Fairy. 

" Indeed I should," answered she. 

" Ah, well," said the Fairy, " to-morrow I may have 
some pleasant news for you." 

So she hurried back to her castle, where the Queen 
sat busy with her embroidery, and cried : 

" Well, madam ! will you wager your thimble and 
your golden needle that I am bringing you the best news 
you could possibly hear ? " 

" Alas ! " sighed the Queen, " since the death of the 
Jolly King and the loss of my Delicia, all the news in 
the world is not worth a pin to me." 

" There, there, don't be melancholy," said the Fairy, 
"1 assure you the Princess is quite well, and I have 
never seen her equal for beauty. She might be a Queen 
to-morrow if she chose " ; and then she told all that had 
happened, and the Queen first rejoiced over the thought 
of DeHda's beauty, and then wept at the idea of her 
bdng a Turkey-maiden. 

" I will not hear of her being made to marry the 
wicked King's son," she said. ^* Let us go at once and 
bring her here." 

B Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 



In the meantime the wicked Prince, who was very 
angry with Delicia, had sat himself down under a tree, 
and cried and howled with rage and spite until the King 
heard him, and cried out from the window : 

^^ What is the matter with you, that you are maidng 
all this disturbance ? ** 

The Prince replied : 

^^ It is all because our Turkey-maiden will not love 
me!" 

 Won't love you ? eh ! " said the King. " We'll 
very soon see about that ! " So he called his guards and 
told them to go and fetch Delicia. '^ See if I don't make 
her change her mind pretty soon ! " said the wicked King 
with a chuckle. 

Then the guards began to search the poultry yard, 
and could find nobody there but Delicia, who, with her 
splendid dress and her crown of diamonds, looked such 
a lovely Princess that they hardly dared to speak to her. 
But she said to them very politely : 

Pray tell me what you are looking for here ? " 
Madam," they answered, '' we are sent for an insig- 
nificant little person called Delicia." 

" Alas ! " said she, " that is my name. What can you 
want with me ? " 

So the guards tied her hands and feet with thick ropes, 
for fear she might run away, and brought her to the King, 
who was waiting with his son. 

When he saw her he was very much astonished at her 
beauty, which would have made any one less hard-hearted 

i8 



< 



The Little Good Mouse 

sorry for her. But the wicked King only laughed and 
mocked at her, and cried : ^' Well, little fright, little toad ! 
why don't you love my son, who is far too handsome and 
too good for you ? Make haste and begin to love him 
this instant, or you shall be tarred and feathered." 

Then the poor little Princess, shaking with terror, 
went down on her knees, crying : 

*^ Oh, don't tar and feather me, please ! It would be 
so uncomf<M-table. Let me have two or three days to 
make up my mind, and then you shall do as you like 
with me." 

The wicked Prince would have Uked very much to 
see her tarred and feathered, but the King ordered that 
she should be shut up in a dark dungeon. It was just 
at this moment that the Queen and the Fairy arrived in 
the flying chariot, and the Queen was dreadfully distressed 
at the turn affairs had taken, and said miserably that she 
was destined to be unfortunate all her days. But the 
Fairy bade her take courage. 

'^ rU pay them out yet," said she, nodding her head 
with an air of great determination. 

That very same night, as soon as the wicked King 
had gone to bed, the Fairy changed herself into the little 
mouse, and creeping up on to his pillow nibbled his ear, 
so that he squealed out quite loudly and turned over on 
his other side ; but that was no good, for the little mouse 
only set to work and gnawed away at the second ear until 
it hurt more than the first one. 

Then the King cried, " Murder ! " and  Thieves 1 " 

19 



Fairy Tales 

and all his guards ran to see what was the matter, but 
they could find nothing and nobody, for the little mouse 
had run off to the Prince's room and was serving him 
in exactly the same way. All night long she ran from 
one to the other, until at last, driven quite frantic by 
terror and want of sleep, the King rushed out of the 
palace crying : 

" Help ! help ! I am pursued by rats." 

The Prince when he heard this got up also, and ran 
after the King, and they had not gone far when they both 
fell into the river and were never heard of again. 

Then the good Fairy ran to tell the Queen, and they 
went together to the black dungeon where Delicia was 
imprisoned. The Fairy touched each door with her 
wand, and it sprang open instantly, but they had to go 
through forty before they came to the Princess, who was 
sitting on the floor looking very dejected. But when the 
Queen rushed in and kissed her twenty times in a minute, 
and laughed, and cried, and told Delicia all her history, 
the Princess was wild with delight. Then the Fairy 
showed her all the wonderful dresses and jewels she had 
brought for her and said : 

" Don't let us waste time ; we must go and harangue 
the people." 

So she walked first, looking very serious and digni- 
fied, and wearing a dress the train of which was at least 
ten ells long. Behind her came the Queen wearing a 
blue velvet robe embroidered with gold, and a diamond 
crown that was brighter than the sun itself. Last of all 

20 



The Little Good Mouse 

walked Delida, who was so beautiful that it was nothing 
short of marvellous. 

They proceeded through the streets, returning the 
salutations of all they met, great or small, and all the 
people turned and followed them, wondering who these 
noble ladies could be. 

When the audience hall was quite full, the Fairy said 
to the subjects of the Wicked King that if they would 
accept Delicia, who was the daughter of the Jolly King, 
as their Queen, she would undertake to find a suitable 
husband for her, and would promise that during their 
reign there should be nothing but rejoicing and merry- 
making, and all dismal things should be entirely ban- 
ished. Upon this the people cried with one accord, 
" We will, we will ! we have been gloomy and miserable 
too long already." And they all took hands and danced 
round the Queen, and Delicia, and the good Fairy, sing- 
ing : " Yes, yes ; we will, we will ! ** 

Then there were feasts and fireworks in every street 
in the town, and early the next morning the Fairy, who 
had been all over the world in the night, brought back 
with her, in her flying chariot, the most handsome and 
good-tempered Prince she could find anywhere. He 
was so charming that Delicia loved him from the moment 
their eyes met, and as for him, of course he could not 
help thinking himself the luckiest Prince in the world. 
The Queen felt that she had really come to the end of 
her misfortunes at last, and they all lived happily ever 
after. 

21 



GRACIOSA AND PERCINET 

/^^NCE upon a time there lived a King and Queen 
^^-^ who had one charming daughter. She was so 
graceful and pretty and clever that she was called Gra- 
ciosa, and the Queen was so fond of her that she could 
think of nothing else. 

Every day she gave the Princess a lovely new frock 
of gold brocade, or satin, or velvet, and when she was 
hungry she had bowls full of s^gar-plums, and at least 
twenty pots of jam. Everybody said she was the hap- 
piest Princess in the world. Now there lived at this 
same court a very rich old duchess whose name was 
Crumbly. She was more frightful than tongue can tell ; 
her hair was red as fire, and she had but one eye, and 
that not a pretty one ! Her face was as broad as a full 
moon, and her mouth was so large that everybody who 
met her would have been afraid they were going to be 
eaten up, only she had no teeth. As she was as cross as 
she was ugly, she could not bear to hear any one saying 
how pretty and how charming Graciosa was ; so she 
presently went away from the court to her own castle, 
which was not far off. But if anybody who went to see 
her happened to mention the charming Princess, she 
would cry angrily : 

22 



Graciosa and Percinet 

" It's not true that she is lovely. I have more beauty 
in my little finger than she has in her whole body." 

Soon after this, to the great grief of the Princess, the 
Queen was taken ill and died, and the King became so 
melancholy that for a whole year he shut himself up in 
his palace. At last his physicians, fearing that he would 
fall ill, ordered that he should go out and amuse him- 
self; so a hunting party was arranged, but as it was 
very hot weather the King soon got tired, and said 
he would dismount and rest at a castle which they 
were passing. 

This happened to be the Duchess Grumbly's castle, 
and when she heard that the King was coming she went 
out to meet him, and said that the cellar was the coolest 
place in the whole castle if he would condescend to come 
down into it. So down they went together, and the 
King seeing about two hundred great casks ranged side 
by side, asked if it was only for herself that she had this 
immense store of wine. 

" Yes, sire," answered she, " it is for myself alone ; but 
I shall be most happy to let you taste some of it. Which 
do you like, canary, St Julien, champagne, hermitage 
sock, raisin, or cider ? " 

" Well," said the King, " since you are so kind as to 
ask me, I prefer champagne to anything else." 

Then Duchess Grumbly took up a little hammer and 
tapped upon the cask twice, and out came at least a thou- 
sand crowns. 

" What's the meaning of this ? " said she smiling. 

23 



\ 



Fairy Tales 

Then she tapped the next cask, and out came a bushel 
of gold pieces. 

^^ I don't understand this at all/' said the Duchess, 
smiling more than before. 

Then she went on to the third cask, tap, tap, and out 
came such a stream of diamonds and pearls that the 
ground was covered with them. 

" Ah ! " she cried, " this is altogether beyond my 
comprehension, sire. Some one must have stolen my 
good wine and put all this rubbish in its place." 

" Rubbish do you call it, Madam Grumbly ? " cried 
the King. " Rubbish ! why, there is enough there to buy 
ten kingdoms.'' 

" Well," said she, " you must know that all those 
casks are full of gold and jewels, and if you like to marry 
me it shall all be yours." 

Now the King loved money more than anything else 
in the world, so he cried joyfully : 

" Marry you ? why with all my heart ! to-morrow if 
you like." 

<^ But I make one condition," said the Duchess ; ^' I 
must hive entire control of your daughter to do as I 
please with her." 

" Oh certainly, you shall have your own way ; let us 
shake hands upon the bargain," said the King. 

So they shook hands and went up out of the cellar of 

treasure together, and the Duchess locked the door and 

gave the key to the King. 

When he got back to his own palace Graciosa 

24 



 ~ 



Graciosa and' Percinet 

ran out to meet him, and asked if he had had good 
sport. 

** I have caught a dove," answered he. 

"Oh ! do give it to me," said the Princess, "and I 
will keep it and take care of it." 

" I can hardly do that," said he, " for, to speak more 
plainly, I mean that I met the Duchess Grumbly, and 
have promised to marry her." 

" And you call her a dove ? " cried the Princess. " / 
should have called her a screech owl." 

Hold your tongue," said the King, very crossly. 
I intend you to behave prettily to her. So now go and 
make yourself fit to be seen, as I am going to take you 
to visit her." 

So the Princess went very sorrowfully to her own 
room, and her nurse, seeing her tears, asked what was 
vexing her. 

"Alas! who would not be vexed?" answered she, 
" for the King intends to marry again, and has chosen 
for his new bride my enemy, the hideous Duchess 
Grumbly." 

" Oh, well ! " answered the nurse, " you must re- 
member that you are a Princess, and are expected to set 
a good example in making the best of whatever happens. 
You must promise me not to let the Duchess see how 
much you dislike her." 

At first the Princess would not promise, but the nurse 
showed her so many good reasons for it that in the end 
she agreed to be amiable to her stepmother. 

25 



Fairy Tales 

Then the nurse dressed her in a robe of pale green 
and gold brocade, and combed out her long fair hair till 
it floated round her like a golden mantle, and put on her 
head a crown of roses and jasmine with emerald leaves. 

When she was ready nobody could have been pret^ 
tier, but she still could not help looking sad. 

Meanwhile the Duchess Grumbly was also occupied 
in attiring herself. She had one of her shoe heels made 
an inch or so higher than the other, that she might not 
limp so much, and put in a cunningly made glass eye in 
the place of the one she had lost. She dyed her red 
hair black, and painted her face. Then she put on a 
gorgeous robe of lilac satin lined with blue, and a yellow 
petticoat trimmed with violet ribbons, and because she 
had heard that queens always rode into their new do- 
minions, she ordered a horse to be made ready for her 
to ride. 

While Graciosa was waiting until the King should be 
ready to set out, she went down all alone through the 
garden into a little wood, where she sat down upon a mossy 
bank and began to think. And her thoughts were so 
doleful that very soon she began to cry, and she cried, 
and cried, and forgot all about going back to the palace, 
until she suddenly saw a handsome page standing before 
her. He was dressed in green, and the cap which he 
held in his hand was adorned with white plumes. When 
Graciosa looked at him he went down on one knee, and 
said to her : 

^' Princess, the King awaits you/' 

26 






Graciosa and Percinet 

The Princess was surprised, and, if the truth must be 
told, very much delighted at the appearance of this 
charming page, whom she could not remember to have 
seen before. Thinking he might belong to the house- 
hold of the Duchess, she said : 

How long have you been one of the King's pages ? " 
I am not in the service of the King, madam,'' an- 
swered he, " but in yours." 

"In mine?" said the Princess with great surprise, 
**Then how is it that I have never seen you before ? " 

"Ah, Princess ! " said he, " I have never before dared 
to present myself to you, but now the King's marriage 
threatens you with so many dangers that I have resolved 
to tell you at once how much I love you already, and I 
trust that in time I may win your regard. I am Prince 
Percinet, of whose riches you may have heard, and whose 
fairy gift will, I hope, be of use to you in all your diffi- 
culties, if you will permit me to accompany you under 
this disguise." 

"Ah, Percinet ! " cried the Princess, " is it really you ? 
I have so often heard of you and wished to see you. If 
you will indeed be my friend, I shall not be afraid of 
that wicked old Duchess any more." 

So they went back to the palace together, and there 
Graciosa found a beautiful horse which Percinet had 
brought for her to ride. As it was very spirited he led 
it by the bridle, and this arrangement enabled him to 
turn and look at the Princess often, which he did not fail 
to do. Indeed, she was so pretty that it was a real 

27 



Fairy Tales 

pleasure to look at her. When the * horse which the 
Duchess was to ride appeared beside Graciosa's, it looked 
no better than an old cart horse, and as to their trap- 
pings, there was simply no comparison between them, as 
the Princess's saddle and bridle were one glittering mass 
of diamonds. The King had so many other things to 
think of that he did not notice this, but all his courtiers 
were entirely taken up with admiring the Princess and 
her charming Page in green, who was more handsome 
and distinguished-looking than all the rest of the court 
put together. 

When they met the Duchess Grumbly she was seated 
in an open carriage trying in vain to look dignified. 
The King and the Princess saluted her, and her horse 
was brought forward for her to mount. But when she 
saw Graciosa's she cried angrily : 

'^ If that child is to have a better horse than mine, I 
will go back to my own castle this very minute. What is 
the use of being a Queen if one is to be slighted like this ? '* 

Upon this the King commanded Graciosa to dis* 
mount and to beg the Duchess to honor her by mounting 
her horse. The Princess obeyed in silence, and the 
Duchess, without looking at her or thanking her, scram- 
bled up upon the beautiful horse, where she sat looking 
like a bundle of clothes, and eight officers had to hold 
her up for fear she should fall ofF. 

Even then she was not satisfied, and was sdll grum- 
bling and muttering, so they asked her what was the 
matter. 

28 



Graciosa and Percinet 

'^I wish that Page in green to come and lead the 
horse, as he did when Graciosa rode it," said she very 
sharply. 

And the King ordered the Page to come and lead the 
Queen's horse. Percinet and the Princess looked at 
one another, but said never a word, and then he did as 
the King commanded, and the procession started in great 
pomp. The Duchess was greatly elated, and as she sat 
there in state would not have wished to change places 
even with Graciosa. But at the moment when it was 
least expected the beautiful horse began to plunge and 
rear and kick, and finally to run away at such a pace that 
it was imposfflble to stop him. 

At first the Duchess clung to the saddle, but she was 
very soon thrown off and fell in a heap among the stones 
and thorns, and there they found her, shaken to a jelly, 
and collected what was left of her as if she had been 
a broken glass. Her bonnet was here and her shoes 
there, her face was scratched, and her fine clothes were 
covered with mud. Never was a bride seen in such a 
dismal plight. They carried her back to the palace and 
put her to bed, but as soon as she recovered enough to 
be able to speak, she began to -scold and rage, and de- 
clared that the whole af&ir was Graciosa's fault, that she 
had contrived it on purpose to try and get rid of her, 
and that if the King would not have her punished, she 
would go back to her castle and enjoy her riches by 
herself 

At this the King was terribly frightened, for he did 

29 



Fairy Tales 

not at all want to lose all those barrels of gold and 

jewels. So he hastened to appease the Duchess, and 

told her she might punish Graciosa in any way she 

pleased. 

Thereupon she sent for Graciosa, who turned pale 

and trembled at the summons, for she guessed that it 

promised nothing agreeable for her. She looked all 

about for Percinet, but he was nowhere to be seen ; so 

she had no choice but to go to the Duchess Grumbly's 

room. She had hardly got inside the door when she 

was seized by four waiting women, who looked so tall 

and strong and cruel that the Princess shuddered at the 

sight of them, and still more when she saw them arming 

themselves with great bundles of rods, and heard the 

Duchess call out to them from her bed to beat the 

Princess without mercy. Poor Graciosa wished miser* 

ably that Percinet could only know what was happening 

and come to rescue her. But no sooner did they begin 

to beat her than she found, to her great relief, that the 

rods had changed to bundles of peacock's feathers, and 

though the Duchess's women went on till they were so 

tired that they could no longer raise their arms from their 

sides, yet she was not hurt in the least. However, the 

Duchess thought she must be black and blue after such 

a beating ; so Graciosa, when she was released, pretended 

to feel very bad, and went away into her own room, 

where she told her nurse all that had happened, and 

then the nurse left her, and when the Princess turned 

round there stood Percinet beside her. She thanked 

30 



Graciosa and Percinet 

him gratefully for helping her so cleverly, and they 
laughed and were very merry over the way they had 
taken in the Duchess and her waiting-maids; but Per- 
dnet advised her still to pretend to be ill for a fow days, 
and after promising to come to her aid whenever she 
needed him, he disappeared as suddenly as he had come. 

The Duchess was so delighted at the idea that Grad- 
osa was really ill, that she herself recovered twice as fast 
as she would have done otherwise, and the wedding was 
held with great magnificence* ' Now as the King knew 
that, above all other things, the Queen loved to be told 
that she was beaudfol, he ordered that her portrait should 
be painted, and that a tournament should be held, at 
which all the bravest knights of his court should main- 
tain against all comers that Grumbly was the most beauti- 
ful princess in the world. 

Numbers of knights came from hr and wide to ac- 
cept the challenge, and the hideous Queen sat in great 
state in a balcony hung with cloth of gold to watch the 
contests, and Gradosa had to stand up behind her, where 
her loveliness was so conspicuous that the combatants 
could not keep their eyes off her. But the Queen was 
so vain that she thought all thdr admiring glances were 
for herself, especially as, in spite of the badness of thdr 
cause, the King's knights were so brave that they were 
the victors in every combat. 

However, when nearly all the strangers had been 
defeated, a young unknown knight presented himself. 
He carried a portrait indosed in a box incrusted with 

31 



Fairy Tales 

diamonds, and he declared himself willing to maintain 
against them all that the Queen was the ugliest creature 
in the world, and that the Princess whose portrait he 
carried was the most beautiful. 

So one by one the knights came out against him, and 
one by one he vanquished them all, and then he opened 
the box, and said that, to console them, he would show 
them the portrait of his Queen of Beauty, and when he 
did so every one recognized the Princess Graciosa. The 
unknown knight then saluted her gracefully and retired, 
without telling his name to anybody. But Graciosa had 
no difficulty in guessing that it was Percinet. 

As to the Queen, she was so furiously angry that she 
could hardly speak; but she soon recovered her voice, 
and overwhelmed Graciosa with a torrent of reproaches. 

^' What ! " she said, '^ do you dare to dispute with me 
for the prize of beauty, and expect me to endure this 
insult to my knights? But 1 will not bear it, proud 
Princess. I will have my revenge." 

'' I assure you, madam," said the Princess, ^^ that I 
had nothing to do with it and am quite willing that you 
shall be declared Queen of Beauty." 

" Ah ! you are pleased to jest, popinjay ! " said the 
Queen, " but it will be my turn soon ! " 

The King was speedily told what had happened, and 
how the Princess was in terror of the angry Queen, but 
he only said : 

'^ The Queen must do as she pleases. Graciosa be- 
longs to her ! " 

32 



Graciosa and Percinet 

The wicked Queen waited impatiently until night fell, 
and then she ordered her carriage to be brought. Graciosa, 
much against her will, was forced into it, and away they 
drove, and never stopped until they reached a great forest, 
a hundred leagues from the palace. This forest was so 
gloomy, and so full of lions, tigers, bears and wolves, 
that nobody dared pass through it even by daylight, and 
here they set down the unhappy Princess in the middle 
of the black night, and left her in spite of all her tears 
and entreaties. The Princess stood quite still at first 
from sheer bewilderment, but when the last sound of the 
retreating carriages died away in the distance she began 
to run aimlessly hither and thither, sometimes knocking 
herself agsdnst a tree, sometimes tripping over a stone, 
fearing every minute that she would be eaten up by the 
lions. Presently she was too tired to advance another 
step, so she threw herself down upon the ground and 
cried miserably : 

" Oh, Percinet ! where are you ? Have you forgotten 
me altogether ? " 

She had hardly spoken when all the forest was lighted 
up with a sudden glow. Every tree seemed to be send- 
ing out a soft radiance, which was clearer than moonlight 
and softer than daylight, and at the end of a long avenue 
of trees opposite to her the Princess saw a palace of clear 
crystal which blazed like the sun. At that moment a 
slight sound behind her made her start round, and there 
stood Percinet himself. 

** Did I frighten you, my Princess ? " said he. " I 

33 



Fairy Tales 

come to bid you welcome to our fairy palace, in the name 
of the Queen, my mother, who is prepared to love you 
as much as I do." The Princess joyfully mounted with 
him into a little sledge, drawn by two stags, which bounded 
off and drew them swiftly to the wonderful palace, where 
the Queen received her with the greatest kindness, and a 
splendid banquet was served at once. Graciosa was so 
happy to have found Percinet, and to have escaped from 
the gloomy forest and all its terrors, that she was very 
hungry and very merry,, and they were a gay party. After 
supper they went into another lovely room, where the 
crystal walls were covered with pictures, and the Princess 
saw with great surprise that her own history was repre- 
sented, even down to the moment when Percinet found 
her in the forest. 

'^ Your painters must indeed be diligent," she said^ 
pointing out the last picture to the Prince. 

"They are obliged to be, for I will not have any- 
thing forgotten that happens to you," he answered. 

When the Princess grew sleepy, twenty-four charming 
maidens put her to bed in the prettiest room she had ever 
seen, and then sang to her so sweetly that Graciosa*s 
dreams were all of mermaids, and cool sea waves, and 
caverns, in which she wandered with Percinet ; but when 
she woke up again her first thought was that, delightful 
as this fairy palace seemed to her, yet she could not stay 
in it, but must go back to her father. When she had 
been dressed by the four-and-twenty maidens in a charm- 
ing robe which the Queen had sent for her, and in which 

34 



Graciosa and Percinet 

she looked prettier than ever, Prince Percinet came to see 
her, and was bitterly disappointed when she told him 
what she had been thinking. He begged her to consider 
again how unhappy the wicked Queen would make her, 
and how, if she would but marry him, all the fairy palace 
would be hers, and his one thought would be to please 
her. But, in spite of everything he could say, the 
Princess was quite determined to go back, though he at 
last persuaded her to stay eight days, which were so full 
of pleasure and amusement that they passed like a few 
hours. On the last day, Graciosa, who had often felt 
anxious to know what was going on in her father's palace, 
said to Percinet that she was sure that he could find out 
for her, if he would, what reason the Queen had given 
her father for her sudden, disappearance. Percinet at 
first oflFered to send his courier to find out, but the 
Princess said : 

^* Oh ! isn't there a quicker way of knowing than 
that?" 

" Very well," said Percinet, " you shall see for your- 
self." 

So up they went together to the top of a very high 
tower, which, like the rest of the castle, was built entirely 
of rock-crystal. 

There the Prince held Graciosa's hand in his, and 
made her put the tip of her little finger into her mouth, 
and looked toward the town, and immediately she saw 
the wicked Queen go to the King, and heard her say to 
him, '^ That miserable Princess is dead, and no great loss 

35 



Fairy Tales 

either. I have ordered that she shall be buried at once/' 
And then the Princess saw how she dressed up a 1(^ 
of wood and had it buried, and how the old King cried, 
and all the people murmured that the Queen had killed 
Graciosa with her cruelties, and that she ought to have her 
head cut off. When the Princess saw that the King was 
so sorry for her pretended death that he could neither 
eat nor drink, she cried : 

'^ Ah, Percinet ! take me back quickly if you love me/* 

And so, though he did not want to at all, he was 
obliged to promise that he would let her go. 

'^ You may not regret me. Princess," he said sadly, 
^' for I fear that you do not love me well enough ; but I 
foresee that you will more than once regret that you left 
this fairy palace where we have been so happy/' 

But, in spite of all he could say, she bade farewell to 
the Queen, his mother, and prepared to set out ; so Per- 
dnet, very unwillingly, brought the little sledge with the 
stags and she mounted beside him. But they had hardly 
gone twenty yards when a tremendous noise behind her 
made Graciosa look back, and she saw the palace of 
crystal fly into a million splinters, like the spray of a 
fountain, and vanish. 

"Oh, Percinet!" she cried, "what has happened? 
The palace is gone." 

" Yes," he answered, " my palace is a thing of the 
past ; you will see it again, but not until after you have 
been buried." 

" Now you are angry with me," said Graciosa in her 

36 



Graciosa and Percinet 

most coaxing voice, '' though after all I am more to be 
pitied than you are." 

When they got near the palace the Prince made the 
sledge and themselves invisible, so the Princess got in 
unobserved, and ran up to the great hall where the King 
was sitting all by himself. At first he was very much 
startled by Graciosa's sudden appearance, but she told 
him how the Queen had left her out in the forest, and 
how she had caused a log of wood to be buried. The 
King, who did not know what to think, sent quickly and 
had it dug up, and sure enough it was as the Princess had 
said. Then he caressed Graciosa, and made her sit down 
to supper with him, and they were as happy as possible. 
But someone had by this time told the wicked Queen 
that Graciosa had come back, and was at supper with the 
King, and in she flew in a terrible fury. The poor old 
King quite trembled before her, and when she declared 
that Graciosa was not the Princess at all, but a wicked 
impostor, and that if the King did not give her up at 
once she would go back to her own castle and never see 
him again, he had not a word to say, and really seemed 
to believe that it was not Graciosa after all. So the 
Queen in great triumph sent for her waiting women, who 
dragged the unhappy Princess away and shut her up in 
a garret ; they took away ail her jewels and her pretty 
dress, and gave her a rough cotton frock, wooden shoes, 
and a little cloth cap. There was some straw in a 
corner, which was all she had for a bed, and they gave 
her a very little bit of black bread to eat. In this mis- 

37- 



Fairy Tales 

erable plight Gradosa did indeed regret the fairy palace^ 
and she would have called Percinet to her aid, only she 
felt sure he was still vexed with her for leaving him, and 
thought that she could not expect him to come. 

Meanwhile the Queen had sent for an olc^ Fairy, as 
malicious as herself, and said to her : 

'' You must find me some task for this fine Princess 
which she cannot possibly do, for I mean to punish her, 
and if she does not do what I order, she will not be able 
to say that I am unjust." So the old Fairy said she 
would think it over, and come again the next day. 
When she returned she brought with her a skein of 
thread, three times as big as herself; it was so fine that 
a breath of air would break it, and so tangled that it was 
impossible to see the beginning or the end of it. 

The Queen sent for Graciosa, and said to her : 

'^ Do you see this skein ? Set your clumsy fingers to 
work upon it, for I must have it disentangled by sunset, 
and if you break a single thread it will be the worse for 
you." 

So saying she left her, locking the door behind her 
with three keys. 

The Princess stood dismayed at the sight of the ter- 
rible skein. If she did but turn it over to see where to 
b^n, she broke a thousand threads, and not one could 
she disentangle. At last she threw it into the middle of 
the floor, crying : 

*^ Oh, Percinet 1 this fatal skein will be the death of 
me if you will not forgive me and help me once more." 

. 38 



Graciosa and Percinet 

And immediately in came Percinet as easily as if he 
had all the keys in his own possession. 

" Here I am. Princess, as much as ever at your ser- 
vice," said he, " though really you are not very kind to 
me. 

Then he just stroked the skein with his wand, and all 
the broken threads joined themselves together, and the 
whol^ skein wound itself smoothly off in the most sur- 
prising manner, and the Prince, turning to Graciosa, 
asked if there was nothing else that she wished him to do 
for her, and if the time would never come when she 
would wish for him for his own sake. 

" Don't be vexed with me, Percinet," she said. " I 
am unhappy enough without that." 

" But why should you be unhappy, my Princess ? " 
cried he. '* Only come with me and we shall be as 
happy as the day is long together." 

" But suppose you get tired of me ? " said Graciosa. 

The Prince was so grieved at this want of confidence 
that he left her without another word. 

The wicked Queen was in such a hurry to punish 
Graciosa that she thought the sun would never set ; and 
indeed it was before the appointed time that she came 
with her four Fairies, and as she fitted the three keys into 
the locks she said : 

" I'll venture to say that the idle minx has not done 
anything at all  ^she prefers to sit with her hands before 
her to keep them white." 

But, as soon as she entered, Graciosa presented her 

39 ' 



Fairy Tales 

with the ball of thread in perfect order, so that she had 
no fault to find, and could only pretend to discover that 
it was soiled, for which imaginary fault she gave Graciosa 
a blow on each cheek, that made her white and pink skin 
turn green and yellow. And then she sent her back to 
be locked in the garret once more. 

Then the Queen sent for the Fairy again and scolded 
her furiously. 

'^ Don't make such a mistake again ; find me some- 
thing that it will be quite impossible for her to do," she 
said. 

So the next day the Fairy appeared with a huge bar- 
rel full of the feathers of all sorts of birds. There were 
nightingales, canaries, goldfinches, linnets, tomtits, par- 
rots, owls, sparrows, doves, ostriches, bustards, peacocks, 
larks, partridges, and everything else that you can think 
of. These feathers were all mixed up in such confusion 
that the birds themselves could not have chosen out their 
own. " Here," said the Fairy, " is a little task which it 
will take all your prisoner's skill and patience to accom- 
plish. Tell her to pick out and lay in a separate heap 
the feathers of each bird. She would need to be a fairy 
to do it." 

The Queen was more than delighted at the thought 
of the despair this task would cause the Princess. She 
sent for her, and with the same threats as before locked 
/ her up with the three keys, ordering that all the feathers 

should be sorted by sunset. Graciosa set to work at 
once, but before she had taken out a dozen feathers she 

' 40 



Graciosa and Percinet 

found that it was perfectly impossible to know one front 
another. 

^^ Ah ! well/' she sighed, '' the Queen wishes to kill 
me, and if I must die I must. I cannot ask Percinet to 
help me again, for if he really loved me he would not wait 
till I called him, he would come without that." 

" I am here, my Graciosa," cried Percinet, springing 
out of the barrel where he had been hiding. *' How can 
you still doubt that I love you with all my heart ? " 

Then he gave three strokes of his wand upon the 
barrel, and all the feathers flew out in a cloud and settled 
down in neat little separate heaps all round the room. 

"What should I do without you, Percinet?" said 
Graciosa gratefully. But still she could not quite make 
op her mind to go with him and leave her father's king- 
dom forever ; so she begged him to give her more time 
to think^f it, and he had to go away disappointed once 
more. 

When the wicked Queen came at sunset she was 
amazed and infuriated to find the task done. However, 
she complained that the heaps of feathers were badly 
arranged, and for that the Princess was beaten and sent 
back to her garret. Then the Queen sent for the Fairy 
once more, and scolded her until she was fairly terrified, 
and promised to go home and think of another task for 
Graciosa, worse than either of the others. 

At the end of three days she came again, bringing with 
her a box. 

" Tell your slave," said she, " to carry this wherever 

C Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

you please, but on no account to open it. She will not 
be able to help doing so, and then you will be quite satis- 
fied with the result." So the Queen came to Graciosa, 
and said : 

** Carry this box to my castle, and place it upon the 
table in my own room. But I forbid you on pain of 
death to look at what it contains." 

Graciosa set out, wearing her little cap and wooden 
shoes and the old cotton frock, but even in this disguise 
she was so beautiful that all the passers-by wondered who 
she could be. She had not gone far before the heat of 
the sun and the weight of the box tired her so much that 
she sat down to rest in the shade of a little wood which 
lay on one side of a green meadow. She was carefully 
holding the box upon her lap when she suddenly felt the 
greatest desire to open it. 

** What could possibly happen if I did ? " she said to 
herself. 'M should not take anything out. I should 
only just see what was there." 

And without further hesitation she lifted the cover. 

Instantly out came swarms of little men and women, 
no taller than her finger, and scattered themselves all over 
the meadow, singing and dancing, and playing the merriest 
games so that at first Graciosa was delighted and watched 
them with much amusement. But presently, when she 
was rested and wished to go on her way, she found that, 
do what she would, she could not get them back into their 
box. If she chased them in the meadow they fled into 
the wood, and if she pursued them into the wood they 

42 



Gradosa and Percinet 

flodgod round trees and bdund sprigs of moss, and with 
peals of dfin laughter scampered back again into the 
meadow. 

At last, weary and terrified, she sat down and cried. 

" It is my own fiiult," she said sadly, " Percinet, if 
you can still care for soch an imprudent Princess, do 
come and help me once more." 

immediately Percinet stood before her. 

'^ Ah, Princess ! " he said, '^ bat for the wicked Queen 
I fear yon would never think of me nt all." 

*' Indeed i Should," said Graciosa ; '^ I am not so un- 
grateful as you think. Only wait a little and I believe I 
shall love you quite dearly." 

Perdnet was pleased at this, and with one stroke of 
his wand compelled all the wilful little people to come 
back to their places in the box, and then rendering the 
Princess invisible he took her with him in his chariot to 
the castle. 

When the Princess presented herself at the door, and 
said that the Queen had ordered her to place the box in 
her x>wn room, the governor laughed heartily at the idea. 

** No, no, my little shepherdess," said he, ** that is 
not the pbu:e for you. No wooden shoes have ever been 
over that floor yet." 

Then Gradosa begged him to give her a written mes- 
sage telling the Queen that he had refused to admit her. 
This he did, and she went back to Percinet, who was 
waiting for her, and they set out together for the palace. 
You may imagine that they did not go the shortest way, 

43 



Fairjr Tales 

but the Princess did not find it too long, and before they 
parted she had promised that if the Queen was still cruel 
to her, and tried again to play her any spiteful trick, she 
would leave her and come to Percinet forever. 

When the Queen saw her returning she fell upon the 
Fairy, whom she had kept with her, and pulled her hair, 
and scratched her face, and would really have killed her 
if a Fairy could be killed. And when the Princess pre- 
sented the letter and the box she threw them both upon 
the fire without opening them, and looked very much as 
if she would like to throw the Princess after them. How- 
ever, what she really did do was to have a great hole as 
deep as a well dug in her garden, and the top of it covered 
with a flat stone. Then she went and walked near it, 
and said to Graciosa and all her ladies who were with 
her. 

'^ I am told that a great treasure lies under that stone ; 
let us see if we can lift it." 

So they all began to push and pull at it, and Graciosa 
among the others, which was just what the Queen wanted ; 
for as soon as the stone was lifted high enough, she gave 
the Princess a push which sent her down to the bottom 
of the well, and then the stone was let fall again, and there 
she was a prisoner. Graciosa felt that now indeed she 
was hopelessly lost, surely not even Percinet could find 
her in the heart of the earth. 

'^ This is like being buried alive," she said with a 
shudder. " Oh Percinet ! if you knew how I am suffer- 
ing for my want of trust in you 1 But how could I be 

44 



Graciosa and Percinet 

sure that you would not be like other men and tire of me 
from the moment you were sure I loved you ? " 

As she spoke she suddenly saw a little door open, and 
the sunshine blazed into the dismal well. Graciosa did 
not hesitate an instant, but passed through into a charm* 
ing garden. Flowers and fruit grew on every side, foun- 
tains plashed, and birds sang in the branches overhead, 
and when she reached a great avenue of trees and looked 
up to see where it would lead her, she found herself close 
to the palace of crystal. Yes ! there was no mistaking 
it, and the Queen and Percinet were coming to meet her. 

"Ah, Princess!" said the Queen, "don't keep this 
poor Percinet in suspense any longer. You little guess 
the anxiety he has suffered while you were in the power 
of that miserable Queen." 

The Princess kissed her gratefully, and promised to 
do as she wished in everything, and holding out her hand 
to Percinet, with a smile, she said : 

" Do you remember telling me that I should not see 
your palace i^in until I had been buried i I wonder if 
you guessed then that^ when that happened, I should tell 
you that I love you with all my heart, and will marry 
you whenever you like ? " 

Prince Percinet joyfully took the hand that was given 
him, and, for fear the Princess should change her mind, 
the wedding was held at once with the greatest splendor, 
and Graciosa and Percinet lived happily ever after* 



45 



THE HISTORY OF SIR R. WHITTINGTON 

AND HIS CAT 

OICHARD WHITTINGTON was supposed to 
--^ have been an outcast, for he did not know his 
parents, who either died, or had left him to the parish 
of Taunton Dean, in Somersetshire. He there became 
displeased with the cruel usage of his nurse, ran away 
from her at seven years of age, and travelled about the 
country, living upon the charity of well-disposed persons, 
till he grew up to be a fine sturdy youth. At last, being 
threatened with a whipping if he continued in that idle 
course of life, he resolved to go to London, whose streets 
he heard were paved with gold. 

Not knowing the way, he followed the carrier ; and 
at night, for the little services he did him in rubbing his 
horses, he got from him a supper. When he arrived in 
this famous city, the carrier, supposing he would become 
a troublesome hanger-on, told him plainly he must leave 
the inn, and immediately seek out some employment. 
He then gave him a groat, and with this poor Whitting- 
ton wandered about, not knowing any one. 

Being in a tattered garb, some pitied him as a forlorn 
wretch, but few gave him anything. What he had got 
being soon spent, his stomach craved supply; but not 

46 



Whittington and His Cat 

having anything to satisfy it, he resolved rather to starve 
than steal. 

After two hungry days, and lying on the bulkheads 
at night, weary and faint, he got to a merchant's house 
in Leadenhall Street, where he made many signs of his 
distressed condition. The ill-natured cook was ready to 
kick him from the door, saying, "If you tarry here, I 
will kick you in the kennel." This put him almost into 
despair, so he laid him down on the ground, being un<- 
able to go any further. 

In the meantime, Mr Fitzwarren, whose house it 
was, came from the Royal Exchange, and, seeing him 
there in that condition, demanded what he wanted, and 
sharply told him, if he did not immediately depart, he 
would cause him to be sent to the house of correction, 
calling him a lazy fellow. 

On this he got up, and after falling two or three 
times, through faintness and want of food, he made a 
bow, and told him he was a poor country fellow, in a 
starving condition, and that, if he might be put in a way, 
he would refuse no labor, if it was Dnly for his food. 
This raised a pity in the merchant toward him, and then 
wanting a scullion, he immediately ordered one of his 
servants to take him in, and gave orders how he should 
be employed. And so he was fed, to his great refresh- 
ment. 

This was the first step of Providence to raise him to 
what in time made him the city's glory and the nation's 
wonder. But he met with many difficulties, for the ser- 

47 



Fairy Tales 

vftiits made sport of him, and the ill-natured cook told 
him, '^ You are to come under me ; so look sharp, clean 
the spits and the dripping-pan, make the fires, wind up 
the jack, and nimbly do all other scullery work that I 
may set you about, or else I will break your head with 
my ladle, and kick you about like a football/' 

This was cold comfort, but better than starving ; and 
what gave him a beam of hope was that Miss Alice, his 
master's daughter, hearing her father had entertained 
another servant, came to see him, and ordered that he 
should be kindly used. After she had discoursed with 
him about his kindred and method of life, and found his 
answers frank and honest, she ordered him some cast-off 
garments, and that he should be cleaned, and appear like 
a servant in the house. 

Then she went to her parents, and gave them her 
opinion of this stranger, which pleased them well, saying, 
'' He looks like a serviceable fellow to do kitchen drudg- 
ery, run on errands, clean shoes, and do such other 
things as the rest of the servants think beneath them." 

" By this time he was confirmed in his place, and a 
flock bed prepared in the garret for him. These circum- 
stances pleased him, and he showed great diligence in the 
work, rising early and sitting up late, leaving nothing 
undone that he could do. But, alas ! as he was mostly 
under the cook-maid, he had but sour sauce to these 
little sweets. Being of a morose temper, she used her 
authority beyond reason ; so that to keep in the family, 
he had many a broken head to bear patiently. 

48 



Whittington and His Cat 

The more he tried with good words to dissuade her 
from her cruelty, the more she insulted him, and not 
only abused him, but frequently complained against him, 
endeavoring to get him turned out of his service. But 
Miss Alice, hearing of her usage, interposed in his favor, 
80 that she should not prevail against him. 

This was not the only misfortune he suffered, for, 
lying in a place for a long time unfrequented, such 
abundance of rats and mice had bred there, that they 
were almost as troublesome by night as the cook was by 
day. They ran over his face, and disturbed him with 
their squeaking, so that he knew not what to think of his 
condition or how to mend it. 

After many disquieting thoughts, he at last comforted 
himself with the hopes that the cook might soon marry 
or die, or quit her service, and as for the rats and mice, 
a cat would be an effectual remedy against them. Soon 
after, a merchant came to dinner, and, as it rained hard, 
he stayed all night. Whittington having cleaned his 
shoes, and brought them to his chamber-door, he gave 
him a penny. 

This stock he improved, for, going along the street 
of an errand, he saw a woman with a cat under her arm ; 
so he desired to know the price of it. The woman 
praised it for a good mouser, and told him, sixpence. 
But he declared that a penny was all his stock ; so she 
let him have it. He took the cat home, and kept her in 
a box all day, lest the cook should kill her if she came 
into the kitchen, and at night he set her to work for her 

49* 



Fairy Tales 

Jiving. Puss delivered him from one plague ; but the 
other remained^ though not for many years. 

It was the custom with the worthy merchant, Mf. 
Hugh Fitzwarren, that God might give a greater bless- 
ing to his endeavors, to call all his servants together 
when he sent out a ship, and cause every one to venture 
something in it, to try their fortunes. For this they 
were to pay nothing for freight or custom. 

Now ail but Whittington appeared, and brought 
things according to their abilities. But Miss Alice being 
by, and supposing that poverty made him decline com- 
ing, ordered him to be called. He made several excuses ; 
but, being constrained to come, he said that he hoped 
they would not jeer a poor simple boy for being in ex- 
pectation of turning merchant. All that he could claim 
as his own was but a poor cat, which he had bought for 
a penny,r that had been given him for cleaning shoes, 
and which had much befriended him in keeping off the 
rats and mice. 

Upon this Miss Alice ofiered to lay something down 
for him ; but her father told her that, by the custom, it 
must be his own which must be ventured, and then 
ordered him to bring his cat This he did, but with 
great reluctance, fancying nothing would come of it. 
He with tears delivered it to the master of the ship, 
which was called the *' Unicorn," and which fell down 
to Blackwall in order to proceed on her voyage. 

The cook-maid, who little thought how advanta- 
geous Whittington' s cat would prove, would jeer at him 

50 



Whittington and His Cat 

about his grand adventure, when she did not scold at 
him, and led him such a life that he grew weary of en- 
during it. Little expecting what ensued, he resolved 
rather to try Dame Fortune than live in such great 
torment. So, having packed up his bundle overnight, 
he got out early on All-hallows' day, intending to ram- 
ble about the country. As he went through Moorfields, 
he began to have pensive thoughts, and his resolutions 
began to fail him. 

However, on he went to Hollo way, and sat down 
there to consider of the matter, when on a sudden Bow 
bells began to ring a merry peal. He listened, fancied 
they called him back from his intended journey, and 
promised him the good fortune that afterward befell 
him. He thought they sang: 

" Turn again, Whittington, 
Lord Mayor of London.'* 

This was a happy thought, as it made so great an im- 
pression on him, that finding it early, and that he might 
be at home before the family were stirring, he turned 
back without delay. All things answered his expecta- 
tion, for, having left the door ajar, he crept softly in, and 
got to his usual drudgery. 

During this time, the ship in which the cat was, was 
driven by contrary winds on the coast of Barbary, in- 
habited by Moors, and unknown to the Ernglish. Find- 
ing the people courteous, the master and factor traded 
with them. Bringing their wares of sundry sorts upon 

51 



Fairy Tales 

the decks, and opening them, they suited them so well^ 
that the news was carried to the king, who sent for pat- 
terns, with which he was so pleased that he sent for the 
factor to his palace. 

Their entertainment, according to custom, was on the 
floor, covered with carpets interwoven with gold and 
silver, on which they sat cross-legged. This kind of 
table was no sooner laid with various dishes but the scent 
drew together a great number of rats and mice, who 
devoured all that came in their way. 

This much surprised the factor, who asked the nobles 
if these vermin were not offensive. " Oh," said they, 
^' very much so. His majesty would give half his reve- 
nue to be freed from them; for they are not only 
offensive at his table, but his chamber and bed are so 
troubled with them, that he is always guarded, for fear 
of mischief." The factor then remembering Whitting- 
ton's cat, and rejoicing at the occasion, told the king that 
he had an English beast in the ship which would rid all 
the court of them quickly. 

The king was overjoyed at hearing the good news, 
and being anxious to be freed from those vermin, which 
so much spoiled his pleasure, disturbed his mind, and 
made all his enjoyments burdensome, desired to see this 
surprising creature. '' For such a thing," he said, '^ I 
will load your ship with gold, diamonds, and rich pearls/' 
This large ofier made the master endeavor the more to 
enhance the cat's merits. '' She is the most admirable 
creature in the world," he said; ^'and I cannot spare 

52 



Whittington and His Cat 



her, for she keqps my ship dear of them> otherwise they 
would destroy all my goods." But his majesty would 
take no denial^ saying, '^ No price shall part us." 

The cat being sent for, and the tables being spread, 
the yermin came as before ; then setting her on the table, 
she fell to it immediately, and killed them all in a trice. 
Then she came purring and curling up her tail to the 
kii^ and queen, as if she asked a reward for her service ; 
while they admired her, protesting it was the finest diver- 
sion they had ever seen. 

His Moorish majesty was so pleased with the cat, 
that he gave ten times more for her than all the freight 
besides. The ship then sailed with a fair wind, and 
arrived safe at Blackwall, being the richest ship that ever 
came into England. The master took the cabinet of 
jewels with him on shore, for they were too rich a prize 
to be left on board, and presented his bill of lading to 
Mr. Fitzwarren, who praised God for such a prosperous 
voyage* 

When he called all of his servants to give each their 
due, the master showed him the cabinet of pearls and 
jewels, the sight of which much surprised him. On 
being told it was all for Whittington's cat, he said, '' God 
fcN'bid that I should deprive him of one farthing of it." 

He then sent for him by the title of Mr. Whittington, 
who, poor boy, was then in the kitchen cleaning pots and 
spits. Being told he must come to his master, he made 
several excuses ; but, being urged to go, he at length 
came to the door, and there stood bowing and scraping. 

S3 



Fairy Tales 

He did not dare to enter until the merchant commanded 
him in, and ordered a chair to be immediately set for 
him ; on which he, thinking they intended to make sport 
of him, fell on his knees, and with tears in his eyes be- 
sought them not to mock a poor simple fellow, who meant 
none of them any harm. 

Mr. Fitzwarren, raising him up, said, " Indeed, Mr. 
Whittington, we are serious with you, for in estate at 
this instant you are an abler man than myself" He 
then gave him the vast riches, which amounted to three 
hundred thousand pounds  ^an immense sum in those 
days.  

At length, being persuaded to believe, he fell upon 
his knees, and prayed Almighty God, who had vouch- 
safed to behold so poor a creature in the midst of his 
misery. He then turned to his master, and laid his 
riches at his feet ; but he said : 

" No, Mr. Whittington, God forbid I should take 
so much as a ducat from you ; may it be a comfort to 
you ! " 

Whittington then turned to Miss Alice, but she also 
refused it ; upon which he bowed low, and said to her, 
'^ Madam, whenever you please to make choice of a hus- 
band, I will make you the greatest fortune in the world." 
Upon this he began to distribute his bounty to his fellow- 
servants, giving even his mortal enemy the cook one 
hundred pounds for her portion. He also distributed 
his bounty very plentifully to all the ship's crew. 

Upon this change the haberdashers, tailors, and seam-* 

54 



Whittington and His Cat 

ftli c jaes were set to work to madK Mr. Whittington fine 
clothes, and all things answerable to his fortune. Beti^ 
dressed, he appeared a very comely person, insomuch 
tint Miss Alice began to cast her eyes upon him. Now, 
her fether, seeing this, intended a match between them, 
looking upon him to be a fortunate man. He also took 
him to the Royal Excliange to see the customs of the 
XDerchanfes, where he was no sooner known, than they 
came to welcome him into their society. 

Soon after this a match was proposed between him 
and his master's daughter, when he excused himself on 
account of the meanness of his birth ; but that objection 
being removed by his present worth, it was soon i^reed 
en, and the lord mayor and aldermen were invited to 
the wedding. After the honeymoon was over, his father- 
in-law asked him what employment he would follow. 
He replied, he should like that of a merchant. So 
diey joined together in partnership, and both grew im- 
mensely rich. 

Though fortune had thus bountifully smiled on the 
subject of our history, he was far from being proud. 
He was, on the contrary, very merry, which made his 
company and acquaintance courted by all. In a short 
time he was nominated Sheriff of London, in the year 
1393, Sir John Hadley then being lord mayor. 

Thus he grew in riches and fame, being greatly 
beloved by all, especially the poor, whose hunger he 
always supplied* In fi^re years' time he was chosen lord 
Bsyor, in which office he behaved with such justice and 

55 



Fairy Tales 

prudence, that he was chosen twice to the same position 
afterward. 

He entertained King Heny V., after his conquest of 
France, and his queen at Guildhall, in such a very grand 
manner, that the king was pleased to say, " Never prince 
had such a subject," and conferred upon him the honor 
of knighthood. At this entertainment the king particu- 
larly praised the fire, which was made of choice wood, 
mixed with mace, cloves, and all other spices. On which 
Sir Richard said he would endeavor to make one still 
more agreeable to his majesty, and immediately tore and 
threw into the fire the king's bond for ten thousand 
marks due to the company of mercers ; two thousand five 
hundred, to the Chambers of London ; and to the stap- 
lers, goldsmiths, haberdashers, vintners, brewers, and 
bakers, three thousand marks each. 

" All these," said Sir Richard, " with divers others, 
lent for the payment of your soldiers in France, I have 
taken in and discharged, to the amount of sixty thousand 
pounds sterling; can your majesty desire to see such 
another sight ? " The king and nobles were struck 
dumb with surprise at his wealth and liberality. 

Sir Richard spent the rest of his days honored by 
the rich and loved by the poor. He had by his wife 
two sons and two daughters, some of whose posterity are 
worthy citizens. He built many charitable houses, also 
a church in Vintry Ward, dedicated to St. "Michael, add- 
ing to it a college, dedicated to St. Mary, with a yearly 
allowance for the poor scholars, near which he erected a 

56 



Whittington and His Cat 

hospital, and well endowed it. There he caused his 
father-in-law and mother-in-law to be buried, and left 
room for himself and wife when death should call them. 
fie built Newgate, a place for criminals. He gave large 
sums to Bartholomew's Hospital, and to many other 
charitable uses. 

Dame Alice, his wife, died in the sixty-third year of 
her age, after which he would not marry, though he out- 
lived her near twenty years. In the conclusion, he died, 
and was buried in the place aforessud, leaving a good 
name to posterity. 



57 



TH E SNOW QUEEN 



IN SEVEN STORIES 



THE FIRST STORY 

WHICH TREATS OF THE MIRROR AND FRAGMENTS 

 OOK you, now we're going to begin. When we are 
^ at the end of the story we shall know more than 
we do now, for he was a bad goblin. He was one of the 
very worst, for he was a demon. One day he was in very 
good spirits, for he had made a mirror which had this 
peculiarity, that everything good and beautiful that was 
reflected in it shrank together into almost nothing, but 
that whatever was worthless and looked ugly became 
prominent and looked worse than ever. The most lovely 
landscapes seen in this mirror looked like boiled spinach, 
and the best people became hideous, or stood on their 
heads and had no bodies ; their faces were so distorted 
as to be unrecognizable, and a single freckle was shown 
spread out over nose and mouth. That was very amus- 
ing, the demon said. When a good, pious thought passed 
through any person's mind, these were again shown in the 
mirror, so that the demon chuckled at his artistic inven* 

58 



The Snow Queen 

tion. Those who visited the goblin school  for he kept 
a goblin school  declared everywhere that a wonder had 
been wrought. For now, they asserted, one could see, 
for the first time, how the world and the people in it really 
looked. Now they wanted to fly up to heaven, to sneer 
and scofF at the angels themselves. The higher they 
flew with the mirror, the more it grinned ; they could 
scarcely hold it fast. They flew higher and higher, and 
then the mirror trembled so terribly amid its grinning 
that it fell down out of their hands to the earth, where it 
was shattered into a hundred million million and more 
fragments. And now this mirror occasioned much more 
unhappiness than before ; for some of the fragments were 
scarcely so large as a barleycorn, and these flew about in 
the world, and whenever they flew into anyone's eye they 
stuck there, and those people saw everything wrongly, or 
had only eyes for the bad side of a thing, for every little 
fragment of the mirror had retained the power which the 
whole glass possessed. A few persons even got a frag- 
ment of the mirror into their hearts, and that was terrible 
indeed, for such a heart became a block of ice. A few 
fragments of the mirror were so large that they were used 
as window panes, but it was a bad thing to look at one's 
fHends through these panes ; other pieces were made into 
spectacles, and then it went badly when people put on 
these spectacles to see rightly, and to be just ; and then 
the demon laughed till his paunch shook, for it tickled 
him so. But without, some little fragments of glass still 
floated about in the air  ^and now we shall hear 

59 



Fairy Tales 



THE SECOND STORY 

A LITTLE BOY AND A LITTLE GIRL 

In the^great town, where there are many houses, and 
BO many people that there is not room enough for every^ 
one to have a little garden, and where consequently most 
persons are compelled to be content with some flowers 
in flower pots, were two poor children who possessed a 
garden somewhat larger than a flower pot. They were 
not brother and sister, but they loved each other quite 
as much as if they had been. Their parents lived just 
opposite each other in two garrets, there where the roof 
of one neighbor's house joined that of another ; and 
where the water-pipe ran between the two houses was a 
little window ; one had only to step across the pipe to get 
from one window to the other. 

The parents of each child had a great box, in which 
grew kitchen herbs that they used, and a little rose bush ; 
there was one in each box, and they grew flimously. 
Now, it occurred to the parents to place the boxes across 
the pipe, so that they reached from one window to 
another, and looked quite like two embankments of 
flowers. Pea plants hung down over the boxes, and the 
rose bushes shot forth long twigs, which clustered round 
the windows and bent down toward each other : it was 
almost like a triumphal arch of flowers and leaves. As 
the boxes were very high, and the children knew that 

60 



The Snow Queen 

they might not creep upon them, they often obtained 
permission to step out upon the roof behind the boxes, 
and to sit upon their little stools under the roses, and 
there they could play capitally. 

In the winter time there was an end of this amuse- 
ment. The windows were sometimes quite frozen all 
over. But then they warmed copper shillings on the 
stove, and held the warm coins against the frozen 
pane ; and this made a capital peep-hole, so round ! so 
round ! and behind it gleamed a pretty mild eye at each 
window ; and these eyes belonged to the little boy and 
the little girl. His name was Kay and the little girl's 
was Gerda. 

In the summer they could get to one another at one 
bound ; but in the winter they had to go down and up 
the long staircase, while the snow was pelting without. 

** Those are the white bees swarming," said the old 
grandmother. 

" Have they a Queen bee ? " asked the little boy. 
For he knew that there is one among the real bees. 

** Yes, they have one," replied grandmamma. " She 
always flies where they swarm thickest. She is the larg- 
est of them all, and never remains quiet upon the earth ; 
she flies up again into the black cloud. Many a mid- 
night she is flying through the streets of the town, and 
looks in at the windows, and then they freeze in such a 
strange way, and look like flowers." 

" Yes, I've seen that ! " cried both the children ; and 
now they knew that it was true. 

6i 



Fairy Taks 

^Can die Snow Queen come in here?'* asked eke 
littk girL 

" Only let her come," cried the boy ; " FU et her 
upon the warm stove, and then she'll melL" 

But grandmother smoothed his hair, and told some 
other tales. In the evening, when little Kay was at 
home and half undressed, he clambered upon the chair 
by the window, and looked through the little hole. A 
few flakes of snow were falling outside and one of them, 
the largest of them all, remained lying on the edge of 
one of the flower boxes. The snowflakes grew larger 
and lai^r, and at last became a maiden clothed in die 
finest white gauze, put together of millions of stany 
flakes. She was beautiful and delicate, but of ice of 
shining, glittering ice. Yet she was alive; her eyes 
flashed like two clear stars, but there was no peace or 
rest in them. She nodded toward the window, and 
beckoned with her hand. The little boy was fright- 
ened, and sprang down from the chair ; then it seemed 
as if a great bird flew by outside, in front of tke 
window. 

Next day there was a clear frost, and then the sprii^ 
came ; the sun shone, the green sprouted forth, the swal- 
k>ws built nests, the windows were opened, and the lidie 
children again sat in their garden high up in the roof, 
over all the floors. 

How splendidly the roses bloomed this summer! 
The little girl had learned a psalm, in which mention 
was made of roses; and, in speaking of roses, she 

62 



The Snow Queen 

thought of her own; and she sang it to the little 
boy, and he sang, too : 

"The roses will fade and pass away, 
Bat we the Christ-child shall see one day.* 

And the little ones held each other by the hand^ 
kissed the roses, looked at God's bright sunshine, and 
spoke to it, as if the Christ-child were there. What 
splendid summer days those were ! How beautiful it 
was without, among the fresh rose bushes, which seemed 
as if they would never leave off blooming ! 

Kay and Gerda sat and looked at the picture-book of 
beasts and birds. Then it was, while the clock was just 
striking twelve on the church tower, that Kay said: 

" Oh ! something struck my heart and pricked me in 
the eye/' The little girl fell upon his neck ; he blinked 
his eyes. No, there was nothing at all to be seen. 

'^ I think it is gone," said he : but it was not gone. 
It was just one of those glass fragments which sprang 
from the mirror  the magic mirror that we remember 
well, the ugly glass that made everything great and good 
which was mirrored in it to seem small and mean, but in 
which the mean and the wicked things were brought out 
in relief, and every fault was noticeable at once. Poor 
little Kay had also received a splinter just in his heart, 
and that will now soon become like a lump of ice. 
It did not hurt him now, but the splinter was still 
there. 

"Why do you cry?" he asked. "You look ugly 
like that. There's nothing the matter with me. Oh, 

63 



\ 



Faiiy Tales 

fie ! '' he suddenly exclaimedi *^ that rose is wormeaten 
and this one is quite crooked. After all, they're ugly 
roses. They're like the box in which they stand." 

And then he kicked the box with his foot, and tore 
both the roses off. 

" Kay, what are you about ? " cried the little girl. 

And when he noticed her fright he tore off another 
rose, and then sprang in at his own window, away from 
pretty little Gerda. 

When she afterward came with her picture book, he 
said it was only fit for babies in arms; and when his 
grandmother told stories he always came in with a itU; 
and when he could manage it, he would get behind her 
put on a pair of spectacles, and talk just as she did : he 
could do that very cleverly, and the people laughed at 
him. Soon he could mimic the speech and the gait of 
everybody in the street. Everything that was peculiar 
or ugly about him, Kay would imitate ; and people said : 
" That boy must certainly have a remarkable genius/' 
But it was the glass that struck deep in his heart ; so it 
happened that he even teased little Gerda, who loved 
him with all her heart. 

His games now became quite different from what they 
were before ; they became quite sensible. One winter's 
day when it snowed he came out with a great burning- 
glass, held up the blue tail of his coat, and let the snow- 
flakes fall upon it. 

" Now look at the glass, Gerda," said he. 

And every flake of snow was magnified, and looked 

64 



The Snow gueen 

like a ^endid flower, or a star with tea points : it was 
beautiful to behold. 

" See how clever that is," said Kay. " That's much 
more interesting than real flowers ; and there's not a single 
&ult in it-4hey're quite regular until they begin to 
melt." 

Soon after Kay came in thick gloves, and with his 
sledge upon his back. He called up to Gerda, ''I've 
got leave to go into the great square, where the other 
boys play," and he was gone. 

In the great square the boldest among the boys often 
tied thetr sledges to the country people's carts, and thus 
rode with them a good way. They went capitally. When 
they were in the midst of their playing there came a great 
sledge. It was painted quite white, and in it sat some- 
body wrapped in a rough white fur, and with a white, 
rough cap on his head. The sledge drove twice round 
the square, and Kay bound his little sledge to it, and so 
he drove on with it It went faster and faster, straight 
into the next street. The man who drove turned round 
and nodded in a familiar way to Kay ; it was as if they 
knew one another ; each time when Kay wanted to cast 
loose his little sledge, the stranger nodded again, and 
then Kay remained where he was, and thus they drove 
out at the town gate. Then the snow began to fall so 
rapidly that the boy could not see a hand's breadth be- 
fore him, but atill he drove on. Now he hastily dropped 
the cord, so as to get loose from the great sledge, but 
that was no use, for his sledge was fiist bound to the 

65 

D Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

other, and they went on like the wind. Then he called 
out quite loudly, but nobody heard him ; and the snow 
beat down, and the sledge flew onward ; every now and 
then it gave a jump, and they seemed to be flying over 
hedges and ditches. The boy was quite frightened. He 
wanted to say his prayer, but could remember nothing 
but the multiplication table. 

The snowflakes became larger and larger ; at last they 
looked like white fowls. All at once they sprang aside 
and the great sledge stopped, and the person who had 
driven it rose up. The fur and cap were made altogether 
of ice. It was a lady^ tsAl and slender, and brilliantly 
white : it was the Snow Queen ! 

" We have driven well ! " said she. " But why do 
you tremble with cold ? Creep into my for." 

And she seated him beside her in her own sledge, and 
wrapped the for round him, and he felt as if he sank into 
a snowdrift. 

^' Are you still cold ? " asked she, and then she kissed 
him on the forehead. 

Oh, that was colder than ice ; it went quite through 
to his heart, half of which was already a lump of ice : he 
felt as if he were going to die ; but only for a moment ; 
for then he seemed quite well, and he did not notice the 
cold all about him. 

"My sledge ! don't forget my sledge." 

That was the first thing he thought of; and it was 

bound fast to one of the white chickens, and this chicken 

flew behind him with the sledge upon its back. The 

66 



The Snow Queen 

Snow Queen kissed Kay again, and then he had forgotten 
fitde Gerda, his grandmother, and all at home. 

** Now you shall have no more kisses/' said she, ^^ for 
if you did I should kiss you to death." 

Kay looked at her. She was so beautiful, he could 
not imagine a more sensible or lovely face ; she did not 
appear to him to be made of ice now as before, when she 
sat at the window and beckoned to him. In his eyes 
she was perfect ; he did not feel at all afraid. He told 
her that he coidd do mental arithmetic as far as fractions ; 
that he knew the number of square miles and the num- 
ber of inhabitants in the country. And she always smiled^ 
and then it seemed to him that what he knew was not 
enough, and he looked up into the wide sky, and she 
flew with him high up upon the black cloud, and the 
storm blew and whistled ; it seemed as though the wind 
sang old songs They flew over woods and lakes, over 
sea and land : below them roared the cold wind, the wolves 
howled, the snow crackled ; over them flew the black, 
screaming crows ; but above all the moon shone bright 
and dear, and Kay looked at the long, long winter night ; 
by day he slept at the feet of the Queen. 

THE THIRD STORY 

THE FLOWER GARDEN OF THE WOMAN WHO COULD CONJURE 

But how did it fare with little Gerda when Kay did 
not return ? What could have become of him ? No 
one knew, no one could give information. The boys 

67 



Fairy Tales 

only told that they had seen him bind his sledge 
to another very large one, which, had driven along 
the street and out at the town gate. Nobody knew 
what had become of him ; many tears were shed, and 
little Gerda especially wept long and bitterly : then she 
said he was dead  he had been drowned in the river 
which flowed close by their school. Oh, those were very 
dark, long winter days ! But now spring came, with 
warmer sunshine. 

'' Kay is dead and gone," said little Gerda. 

" I don't believe it," s^d the Sunshine. 

*^ He is dead and gone," said she to the Sparrows. 

" We don't believe it," they replied ; and at last little 
Gerda did not believe it herself. 

'^ I will put on my new red shoes," she said one 
morning, *^ those that Kay has never seen ; and then I 
will go down to the river, and ask for him." 

It was still very early; she kissed the old grand- 
mother, who was still asleep, put on her red shoes, and 
went quite alon^ out of the town gate toward the river. 

'Ms it true that you have taken my little playmate 
from me ? I will give you my red shoes if you will give 
him back to me." 

And it seemed to her as if the waves nodded quite 
strangely ; and then she took her red shoes, that she liked 
best of anything she possessed, and threw them both into 
the river ; but they fell close to the shore, and the little 
wavelets carried them back to her, to the land. It 
seemed as if the river would not take from her the 

68 



The Snow gueen 



dearest things she possessed because he had not her little 
Kay ; but she thought she had not thrown the shoes far 
enough out; so she crept into a boat that lay among 
the reeds, she went to the other end of the boat, and 
threw the shoes from thence into the water; but the 
boat was not bound fast> and at the movement she 
made it glided away from the shore. She noticed it, 
and hurried to get back, but before she reached the 
other end the boat was a yard from the bank, and it 
drifted away faster than before. 

Then little Gerda was very much frightened, and 
began to cry ; but no one heard her except the Spar- 
rows, and they could not carry her to land; but they 
flew along by the shore, and sang, as if to console her, 
" Here we are ! here we are ! " The boat drove on with 
the stream, and little Gerda sat quite still, with only her 
stocking on her feet ; her little red shoes floated along 
behind her, but they could not come up to the boat, for 
that made more way. 

It was very pretty on both shores. There were beau- 
tiful flowers, old trees, and slopes with sheep and cows ; 
but not one person was to be seen. 

"Perhaps the river will carry me to little Kay," 
thought Gerda. 

And then she became more cheerful, and rose up, 
and for many hours she watched the charming green 
banks ; then she came to a great cherry orchard, in which 
stood a little house with remarkable blue and red win- 
dows ; it had a thatched roof, and without stood two 

69 



Fairy Tales 

wooden soldiers, who presented arms to those who sailed 
past. 

Gerda called to them, for she thought they were alive, 
but of course they did not answer. She came quite close 
to them. The river carried the boat toward the shore. 

Gerda called still louder, and then there came out of 
the house an old woman leaning on a crutch ; she had on 
a great velvet hat, painted over with the finest flowers. 

" You poor little child ! " said the old woman, " how 
did you manage to come on the great rolling river, and 
to float thus far out into the world." 

And then the old woman went quite into the water, 
seized the boat with her crutch stick, drew it to land, and 
lifted little Gerda out. And Gerda was glad to be on 
dry land again, though she felt a little afraid of the 
strange old woman. 

'^ Come and tell me who you are, and how you came 
here," said the old lady. And Gerda told her every- 
thing; and the old woman shook her head, and said, 
" Hem ! hem !" And when Gerda had told everything, 
and asked if she had not seen little Kay, the woman said 
that he had not yet come by, but that he probably would 
soon come. Gerda was not to be sorrowful, but to look 
at the flowers and taste the cherries, for they were better 
than any picture book, for each one of them could tell a 
story. Then she took Gerda by the hand and led her 
into the little house, and the old woman locked the door. 

The windows were very high, and the panes were 
red, blue, and yellow ; the daylight shone in a remarka- 

70 



The Snow Queen 

ble way, with different colors. On the table stood the 
finest cherries, and Gerda ate as many of them as she 
liked, for she had leave to do so. While she was eating 
them, the old lady combed her hair with a golden comb, 
and the hair hung in ringlets of pretty yellow round the 
fiiendly little face, which looked as blooming as a rose. 

" I have long wished for such a dear little girl as you," 
said the old lady. '' Now you shall see how well we shall 
Kve with one another." 

*' And as the ancient dame combed her hair, Gerda 
forgot her adopted brother Kay more and more ; for this 
old woman could conjure, but she was not a wicked witch. 
She only practiced a little magic for her own amusement, 
and wanted to keep little Gerda. Therefore she went 
into the garden, stretched out her crutch toward all the 
rose bushes, and, beautiful as they were, they all sank into 
the earth, and one could not tell where they had stood. 
The old woman was afraid that, if the little girl saw roses, 
she would think of her own, and remember little Kay, 
and run away. 

Now Gerda was led into the flower garden. What 
fragrance was there, and what loveliness 1 Every conceiv- 
able flower was there in full bloom ; there were some for 
every season; no picture-book could be gayer and prettier. 
Gerda jumped high for joy, and played till the sun went 
down behind the high cherry trees ; then she was put into 
a lovely bed, with red silk pillows stuffed with blue violets, 
and she slept there, and dreamed as glorious as a Queen 
on her wedding-day. 

71 



Fairy Tales 

One day she played again with the flowers in the warm 
sunshine ; and thus many days went by. Gerda knew 
every flower ; but^ as many as there were of them, it still 
seemed to her as if one were wanting, but which one she 
did not know. One day she sat looking at the old lady's 
hat with the painted flowers, and the prettiest of them all 
was a rose. The old lady had forgotten to eflace it from 
her hat when she caused the others to disappear. But so 
it always is when one does not keep one's wits about 
one. 

'^ What, are there no roses here ? " cried Gerda. 

And she went among the beds, and searched and 
searched, but there was not one to be found. Then she 
sat down and wept : her tears fell just upon a spot where 
a rosebud lay buried, and when the warm tears moistened 
the earth, the tree at once sprouted up as blooming as 
when it had sunk ; and Gerda embraced it, and kissed 
the Roses, and thought of the beautiful roses at home, 
and also of little Kay. 

'' Oh, how I have been detained ! " said the little girL 
*' I wanted to seek for little ICay i Do you not know 
where he is?" she asked the Roses. ''Do you think 
he is dead ? " 

'' He is not dead,'' the Roses answered. '' We have 
been in the ground. All the dead people are there, but 
Kay is not there." 

'' Thank you," said little Gerda, and she went to the 
other flowers, looked into their cups, and asked, '' Do you 
know where little Kay is i " 

72 



The Snow Queen 



But every flower stood in the sun thinking only of her 
own story or fancy tale. Gerda heard many, many of 
them ; but not one knew anything of Kay. 

And what did the Tiger-lily say ? 

** Do you hear the drum * Rub-dub ' ? There are 
only two notes, always * rub-dub ! ' Hear the mourning 
song of the women ; hear the call of the priests. The 
Hindoo widow stands in her long red mantle on the 
funeral pile ; the fumes rise up around her and her dead 
husband ; but the Hindoo woman is thinking of the living 
one here in the circle, of him whose eyes burn hotter than 
flames, whose very glances have burned in her soul more 
ardently than the flames themselves, which are soon to 
burn her body to ashes. Can the flame of heart die in 
the flame of the funeral pile ? " 

'^ I don't understand that at all ! " said little Gerda. 

*' That's my story,'* said the lily. 

What says the Convolvulus ? 

^' Over the narrow road looms an old knightly castle : 
thickly the ivy grows over the crumbling red walls, leaf 
by leaf up to the balcony, and there stands a beautiful 
girl ; she bends over the balustrade and glances up the 
road. No rose on its branch is fresher than she; no 
apple blossoms wafted onward by the wind floats more 
lightly along. How her costly silks rustle ! * Comes he 
not yet?'" 

" Is it Kay whom you mean ! " asked little Gerda. 

" I'm only speaking of a story  my dream," replied 
the Convolvulus. 

73 



Fairy Tales 

What said the little Snowdrop ? 

'^ Between the trees a long board hangs by ropes ; that 
is a swing. Two pretty little girls, with clothes white as 
snow and long green silk ribbons on their hats, are sitting 
upon it, swinging ; their brother, who is greater than they, 
stands in the swing, and has slung his arm round the rope 
to hold himself, for in one hand he has a little saucer, 
and in the other a clay pipe : he is blowing bubbles. The 
swing flies, and the bubbles rise with beautiful, changing 
colors ; the last still hangs from the pipe bowl, swaying 
in the wind. The swing flies on : the little black dog, 
light as the bubbles, stands up on his hind legs, and 
wants to be taken into the swing ; it flies on, and the dog 
falls, barks, and grows angry, for he is teased, and the 
bubble bursts. A swinging board and a bursting bub- 
ble  that is my song.'' 

"It may be very pretty, what you're telling, but you 
speak it so mournfully, and you don't mention little Kay 
at all." 

What do the Hyacinths say i 

" There were three beautiful sisters, transparent and 
delicate. The dress of one was red, that of the second 
blue, and that of the third quite white ; hand in hand 
they danced by the calm lake in the bright moonlight. 
They were not elves ; they were human beings. It was 
so sweet and fragrant there ! The girls disappeared in 
the forest, and the sweet fragrance became stronger: 
three coffins, with three beautiful maidens lying in them, 
glided from the wood-thicket across the lake ; the glow* 

74 



C 
CC ~ 



The Snow Queen 

worms flew gleaming about them like little hovering 
lights. Are the dancing girls sleeping, or are they dead i 
The flower scent says they are dead, and the evening 
bell tolls their knell." 

You make me quite sorrowful/' said little Gerda. 
You scent so strongly, I cannot help thinking of the 
dead maidens. Ah I is little Kay really dead ? The 
Roses have been down in the earth, and they say no." 

 Kling ! klang ! " tolled the Hyacinth Bells. "We 
are not tolling for little Kay  ^we don't know him ; we 
only sing our song, the only one we know." 

And Gerda went to the Buttercup, gleaming forth 
from the green leaves. 

" You are a little bright sun," said Gerda. " Tell 
me, if you know, where I may find my companion." 

And the Buttercup shone so gaily, and looked back 
at Gerda. What song might the Buttercup sing? It 
was not about Kay. 

*' In a little courtyard the clear sun shone warm on 
die first day of spring. The sunbeams glided down the 
white wall of the neighboring house ; close by grew the 
first yellow flower, glancing like gold in the bright sun's 
ray. The old grandmother sat out of doors in her chair ; 
her granddaughter, a poor, handsome maidservant, was 
coming home for a short visit: she kissed her grand- 
mother. There was gold, heart's gold, in that blessed 
kiss, gold in the mouth, gold in the south, gold in the 
morning hour. See, that's my little story," said the 
Buttercup. 

75 



Fairy Tale* 

^' My poor old grandmother I '* ^ghed Gerdfi* ^^ Y^, 
she is surely longing for me and grieving for me, ^t ts 
she did for little Kay. But I shall soon go home ud 
take Kay with me. There is no use of my asking the 
flowers, they only know their own song, aiHi gtvo me no 
information/' And then she tied her little frock round 
her, that she might run the &ster; but the Jooquil 
struck against her leg as dkt sprang ov^ it, and aiie 
stopped to look at the tall yellow flower, and asked, 
'^ Do you, perhaps, know anything of little Kay I ** 

And she bent quite down to tJM flow^,. and what did 
it say? 

''I can see myself! I can see myself!" aaid thr 
Jonquil. ^' Oh 1 oh! how I smell! Up in the little 
room in the gable stands a little dancing g^l : she sCaad^ 
sometimes on one foot, sometimes on both ; she seems 
to tread on all the world. She's nothing but ajs ocubur 
delusion : she pours water out of a teapot on a hit of 
stufl^it is her bodice. ' Cleanliness is a fine thing,' she 
says; her white frock hangs on a hook; it haa bees 
washed in the teapot too, and dried on the ropf : she 
puts it on and ties her safiron handkerchief round htf 
neck, and the dress looks all the whiten Point your 
toes ! look how she seems to stand on a stalk. I can 
see myself! I can see myself!" 

'* I don't care at all about that," said Gerda. *^ Yoa 
need not tell me that." 

And then she ran to the end of the garden. Thft 
door was locked, but she pressed against the rusty lok 

76 



The Snow Queen 



lUMi it broke off, the door sprang open, and little Gerda 
ran with naked feet out into the wide world. She looked 
back three times, but no one was there to pursue her ; at 
last she could run no longer, and seated herself on a 
great stone, and when she looked round the summer was 
over^^t was late in autumn: one could not notice 
that in the beautiful garden, where there was always sun- 
shine, and the flowers of every season always bloomed. 

^^ Alas ! how I have loitered ! " said little Gerda. 
^' Autumn has come. I may not rest again." 

And she rose up to go on. Oh 1 how sore and tired 
her little feet were. All around it looked cold and 
bleak ; the long willow leaves were quite yellow, and the 
dew fell down like water ; one leaf after another dropped ; 
only the sloe-thorn still bore fruit, but the sloes were 
fiour^ and set the teeth on edge. Oh 1 how gray and 
gloomy it looked, the wide world ! 

THE FOURTH STORY 

THE PRINCE AND PRINCESS 

Gerda was compelled to rest again ; then there came 
helping across the snow, just opposite the spot where 
she was sitting, a great Crow. This Crow stopped a 
long time to look at her, nodding its head  now it said 
^ Krah \ krah ! Good*day ! good-day ! " It could not 
pronounce better, but it felt friendly toward the little 
girl, and asked where she was going all alone in the wide 
workL The word ^* alone '' Gerda understood very weU, 

77 



Fairy Tales 

and felt how much it expressed ; and she told the Crow 
the story of her whole life and fortunes, and asked if it 
had not seen Kay. 

And the Crow nodded very gravely, and said : 

" That may be ! that may be ! " 

" What ? do you think so ? " cried the little girl, and 
nearly pressed the Crow to death, she kissed it so. 

"Gently, gently!" said the Crow. "I think I 
know ; I believe it may be little Kay ; but he has cer- 
tainly forgotten you, with the Princess." 

" Does he live with a Princess ? " asked Gerda. 

" Yes ; listen," said the Crow. " But it's so difficult 
for me to speak your language. If you know the 
crows' language, I can tell it much better." 

" No, I never learned it," said Gerda ; " but my 
grandmother understood it, and could speak the language 
too. I only wish I had learned it." 

" That doesn't matter," said the Crow. " But it will 
go badly." 

And then the Crow told what it knew. 

" In the country in which we now are lives a Princess 
who is quite wonderfully clever, but then she has read all 
the newspapers in the world, and has forgotten them 
again, she is so clever. Lately she was sitting on the 
throne  and that's not so pleasant as is generally sup- 
posed  ^and she began to sing a song, and it was just this : 
* Why should I not marry yet?' You see, there was 
something in that," said the Crow. ^' And so she wanted 
to marry, but she wished for a husband who could an- 

78 



The Snow Queen 

swer when he was spoken to, not one who only stood and 
looked handsome^ for that was wearisome. And so she 
had all her maids of honor summoned, and when they 
heard her intention they were very glad. ' I like that^' 
said they ; ' I thought the very same thing the other 
day.' You may be sure that every word I am telling 
you is true/' added the Crow. *' I have a tame sweet- 
heart who goes about freely in the castle^ and she told 
me everything." 

Of course the sweetheart was a crow^ for one crow 
always finds out another, and birds of a feather flock 
together. 

" Newspapers were published directly, with a border 
of hearts and the Princess's initials. One could read in 
them that every young man who was good-looking might 
oome to the castle and speak with the Princess, and him 
who spoke so that one could hear he was at home there, 
and who spoke best, the Princess would choose for her 
husband. Yes, yes," said the Crow, " you may believe 
me. It's as true as I sit here. Young men came flock^ 
ing in ; there was a great crowding and much running to 
and fro, but no one succeeded the first or second day. 
They could all speak well when they were out in the 
streets^ but when they entered at the palace gates, and 
saw the guards standing in their silver lace, and went up 
the staircase, and saw the lackeys in their golden liveries, 
and the great lighted hails, they became confused. And 
when they stood before the throne itself j on which the 
Princess sat, they could do nothing but repeat the last 

79 



Fairy Tale^ 

word she had spoken, and she did not care to hear her 
own words again. It was just as if the people in there 
had taken some narcotic and fallen asleep, till they got 
into the street again, for not till then were they able to 
speak. There stood a whole row of them, from the town 
gate to the palace gate. I went out myself to see it," 
said the Crow. " They were hungry and thirsty, but in 
the palace they did not receive so much as a glass of 
lukewarm water. A few of the wisest had brought bread 
and butter with them, but they would not share with 
their neighbors, for they thought, * Let him look hungry, 
and the Princess won't have him.' " 

" But Kay, little Kay ? " asked Gerda.  When did 
he come ? Was he among the crowd ? " 

" Wait ! wait ! We're just coming to him. It was 
on the third day that there came a little personage, with- 
out horse or carriage, walking quite merrily up to the 
castle: his eyes sparkled like yours; he had fine long 
hair, but his clothes were shabby." 

" That was Kay ! " cried Gerda, rejoicing. " Oh, 
then I have found him ! " And she clapped her hands. 

'* He had a little knapsack on his back," observed 
the Crow. 

" No, that must certainly have been his sledge," said 
Gerda, " for he went away with a sledge." 

" That may well be," said the Crow, " for I did not 

look to it very closely. But this much I know from 

my tame sweetheart, that when he passed under the 

palace gate and saw the Life Guards in silver, and 

80 



The Snow Queen 

aicmnted the staircase and saw the ladceys in gold, he 
VIS not in the least embarrassed. He nodded, and said 
to them, ^ It must be tedious work standing on the 
stairs  I'd rather go in/ The halls shone full of light ; 
privy councillors and Excellencies walked about with bare 
feet, and carried golden vessels ; any one might have be* 
come solemn ; and his boots creaked most noisily, but 
he was not embarrassed." 

^' That is certunly Kay," cried Gerda. ^^ He had new 
boots on ; Tve heard them creak in grandmother's room/' 

** Yes, certainly they creaked," resumed the Crow. 
^ And he went boldly in to the Princess herself, who sat 
on a pearl that was as big as a spinning-wheel, and all 
the maids of honor with their attendants, and all the 
cavaliers with their followers, and the followers of their 
followers, who themselves kept a page apiece, were stand- 
ing round ; and the nearer they stood to the door, the 
prouder they looked. The followers' followers' pages, 
who always went in slippers, could hardly be looked at, 
so proudly did diey stand in the doorway ! " 

''That must be terrible!" Altered little Gerda. 
^ And yet Kay won the Princess ? " 

'' If I had not been a crow, I would have married 
her myself, notwithstanding that I am engaged. They 
say he spoke as well as I can when I speak the crows' 
language ; I heard that from my tame sweetheart. He 
was merry and agreeable ; he had not come to marry, 
only to hear the wisdom of the Princess; and he ap- 
proved of her, and she of him." 

ii 



Fairy Tales 

" Yes, certainly that was Kay ! " said Gerda. " He was 
so clever ; he could do mental arithmetic up to fractions. 
Oh, won't you lead me to the castle, too ? " 

" That's easily said," replied the Crow. " But how 
are we to manage it? I'll talk it over with my tame 
sweetheart : she can probably advise us ; for this I must 
tell you  a little girl like yourself will never get leave to 
go completely in." 

" Yes, I shall get leave," said Gerda. " When Kay 
hears that I'm there he'll come out directly, and bring 



me in." 



" Wait for me yonder at the grating," said Crow : and 
it wagged its head and flew away. 

It was already late in the evening when the Crow 
came back. 

" Rax ! Rax ! " it said. " I'm to greet you kindly 
from my sweetheart, and here's a little loaf for you. 
She took it from the kitchen. There's plenty of bread 
there, and you must be hungry. You can't possibly get 
into the palace, for you are barefooted, and the guards in 
silver and the lackeys in gold would not allow it. But 
don't cry ; you shall go up. My sweetheart knows a 
little back staircase that leads up to the bedroom, and 
she knows where she can get the key." 

And they went into the garden into the great avenue, 
where one leaf was falling down after another ; and when 
the lights were extinguished in the palace one after the 
other, the Crow led Gerda to a back door, which stood 
ajar. 

83 



The Snow Queen 

Oh, how Gerda's heart beat with fear and longing ! 
It was just as if she had been going to do something 
wicked ; and yet she only wanted to know if it was little 
Kay. Yes ; it must be he. She thought so deeply of 
his clear eyes and his long hair ; she could fancy she saw 
how he smiled as he had smiled at home when they sat 
among the roses. He would certainly be glad to see 
her ; to hear what a long distance she had come for his 
sake; to know how sorry they had jill been at home 
when he did not come back. Oh, what a fear and what 
a joy that was ! 

Now they were on the staircase. A little lamp was 
burning upon a cupboard, and in the middle of the floor 
stood the tame Crow turning her head on every side and 
looking at Gerda, who courtesied as her grandmother had 
taught her to do. 

" My betrothed has spoken to me very favorably of 
you, my little lady," said the tame Crow. " Your his- 
tory, as it may be called, is very moving. Will you take 
the lamp? then I will precede you. We will go the 
strdght way, and then we shall meet nobody." 

'* I feel as if some one were coming after us," said 
Gerda, as something rushed by her; it seemed like 
a shadow on the wall; horses with flying manes and 
thin legs, hunters, and ladies and gentlemen on horse- 
back. 

"These are only dreams," said the Crow; "they are 
coming to carry the high masters' thoughts out hunting. 
That's all the better, for you may look at them the more 

83 



Fairy T^es 

closely, in bed. But I hope, when you are taken into 
favor and get promotion, you will show a grated 
heart." 

" Of that we may be sure ! " observed the Crow from 
the wood. 

Now they come into the first hall : it was hung witii 
rose-colored satin, and artificial flowers were worked on 
the walb : and here the dream already came flitting by 
them, but they n^oved so quickly that Gerda could not 
see the high-bom lords and ladies. Each hall was more 
splendid than the last; yes, one could almost become 
bewildered ! Now they were in the bedchamber. Here 
the ceiling was like a great palm-tree with leaves of glass, 
of costly glass, and in the middle of the floor two beds 
hung on a thick stalk of gold, and each of them looked 
like a lily. One of them was white, and in that lay the 
Princess ; the other was red, and in that Gerda was to 
seek little Kay. She bent one of the red leaves aside, 
and then she saw a little brown neck. Oh, that was 
Kay ! She called out his name quite loud, and held the 
lamp toward him. The dreams rushed into the room 
again on horseback  he awoke, turned his head, and  ^it 
was not little Kay ! 

The Prince was only like him in the neck, but he 
was young and good looking, and the Princess looked 
up, blinking, from the white lily, and asked who was 
there. Then little Gerda wept, and told her whole his- 
tory, and all that the Crows had done for her. 

'^ You poor child I ** said the Prince and Princess. 

84 



The Snow Queen 

And they praised the Crows, and said that they were 
not angry with them at all, but the Crows were not 
to do it again. However, they should be rewarded. 

" Will you fly out free ? " asked the Princess, " or will 
you have fixed positions as Court Crows, with the right 
to everything that is left in the kitchen ? " 

And the two Crows bowed, and begged for fixed 
positions, for they thought of their old age, and said, 'Mt 
is so good to have some provisions for one's old days,'* 
as they called them. 

And the Prince got up out of his bed, and let Gerda 
sleep in it, and he could not do more than that. She 
folded her little hands, and thought, ^' How good men 
and animals are!'* and then she shut her eyes and 
went quietly to sleep. All the dreams came flying in 
again, looking like angels, and they drew a little sledge, 
on which Kay sat nodding; but all this was only a 
dream, and therefore it was gone again as soon as she 
awoke. 

The next day she was clothed from head to foot in 
velvet; and an offer was made to her that she should 
stay in the castle and enjoy pleasant times, but she only 
b^ged for a little carriage, with a horse to draw it, and a 
pair of little boots ; then she would drive out into the 
world and seek for Kay. 

And she received not only boots, but a muff likewise, 
and was neatly dressed ; and when she was ready to de- 
part a coach, made of pure gold, stopped before the door. 
Upon it shone like a star the coat-of-arms of the Prince 

85 



Fairy Tales 

and Princess; coachman, footmen, and outriders -for 
there were outriders too  sat on horseback, with gold 
crowns on their heads. The Prince and Princess them- 
selves helped her into the carriage, and wished her all 
good fortune. The forest Crow, who was now married, 
accompanied her the first three miles ; he sat by Gerda's 
side, for he could not bear riding backward ; the other 
Crow stood in the doorway, flapping her wings : she did 
not go with them, for she suffered from headache, that 
had come on since she had obtained a fixed position and 
was allowed to eat too much, ^he coach was lined with 
sugar biscuits, and in the seat there were gingerbread, 
nuts, and fruit 

"Farewell, farewell!" cried the Prince and Princess; 
and little Gerda wept, and the Crow wept So they went 
on for the first three miles, and then the Crow said good- 
by, and that was the heaviest parting of all. The Crow 
flew up on a tree, and beat his black wings as long as he 
could see the coach, which glittered like the bright 
sunshine. 

THE FIFTH STORY 

THE LITTLE ROBBER GIRL 

They drove on through the thick forest, but the 
coach gleamed like a torch, that dazzled the robbers* 
eyes, and they could not bear it. 

'' That is gold ! that is gold ! '' cried they, and rushed 

forward, and seized the horses, killed the postilions, the 

86 



The Snow Queen 



coachman, and the footmen, and then pulled little Gerda 
out of the carriage. 

" She is fat  she is pretty  she is fed with nut ker- 
nels ! ** said the old robber woman, who had a very long 
matted beard, and shaggy eyebrows that hung down over 
her eyes. '* She's as good as a little pet lamb ; how I 
shall relish her ! '' 

And she drew out her shining knife, that gleamed in 
a horrible way. 

"Oh!" screamed the old woman at the ^ame 
moment : for her own daughter, who hung at her back, 
bit her ear in a very naughty and spiteful manner. 
^' You ugly brat ! '' screamed the old woman ; and she had 
not time to kill Gerda. 

She shall play with me ! " said the little robber girl. 
She shall give me her muff and her pretty dress, and 
sleep with me in my bed ! " 

And then the girl gave another bite, so that the 
woman jumped high up, and turned right round, and all 
the robbers laughed, and said : 

" Look how she dances with her calf" 

"I want to go into the carriage," said the little 
robber girl. 

And she would have her own way, for she was spoiled 
and very obstinate ; and she and Gerda sat in the car- 
riage, and drove over stock and stone deep into the forest. 
The little robber girl was as big as Gerda, but stronger 
and more broad shouldered, and she had a brown 
skin ; her eyes were quite black, and they looked almost 

87 



cc 

C 



Fairy Tales 

jnournftiL She clasped little Gerda roond the wabt^ 
and said : 

^' They shall not kill you as long as I am not angry 
with you. I suppose you are a Princess ? '' 

^^ No/' replied Gerda. And she told all that had 
happened to her, and how fond she was of little Kay. 

The robber girl looked at her seriously, nodded 
alightly, and said : 

'' They shall not kill you, even if I do get ai^;ry with 
you, for then I will do it myself." 

And then she dried Gerda's eyes, and put her 
two hands into the beautiful muff that was so soft 
and warm. 

Now the coach stopped, and they were in the court- 
yard of a robber castle. It had burst from the top to 
the ground ; ravens and crows flew out of the great holes, 
and big bulldogs  each of which looked as if he could 
devour a man Jumped high up, but they did not bark, 
for that was forbidden. 

In the great old, smoky hall, a bright fire burned 
upon the stone floor ; the smoke passed along under the 
ceiling, and had to seek an exit for itself. A great cal- 
dron of soup was boiling, and hares and rabbits were 
roasting on the spit 

^^ You shall sleep to-night with me and all my little 
animals," said the robber girl. 

They got something to eat and drink, and then went 
to a corner, where straw and carpets were spread out. 
Above these sat on laths and perches more than a hun- 

88 



The Snow Queen 

dred pigeons, and all seemed asleep, but they turned a 
little when the two little girls came. 

" All these belong to me," said the little robber girl ; 
and she quickly seized one of the nearest, held it by the 
feet, and shook it so that it flapped its wings. ^^ Kiss it ! " 
she cried, and beat it in Gerda's face. ^' There sit the 
wood rascals," she continued, pointing to a number of 
laths that had been nailed in front of a hole in the wall. 
"Those are wood rascals, those two; they fly away 
directly if one does not keep them well locked up. And 
here's my old sweetheart ' Ba.' " And she pulled out by 
the horn a Reindeer, that was tied up, and had a polished 
copper ring round its neck. "We're obliged to keep 
him tight too, or he'd run away from us. Every even- 
ing I tickle his neck with a sharp knife, and he's very 
frightened at that." 

And the little girl drew a long knife from a cleft in 
the wall, and let it glide over the Reindeer's neck ; the 
poor creature kicked out its legs, and the little robber 
girl laughed, and drew Gerda into bed with her. 

" Do you keep the knife while you're asleep ? " asked 
Gerda, and looked at it in rather a frightened way. 

" I always sleep with my knife," replied the robber 
girl. " One does not know what may happen. But now 
tell me again what you told me just now about little 
Kay, and why you came out into the wide world." 

And Gerda told it again from the beginning ; and the 
Wood Pigeons cooed above them in their cage, and 
the other pigeons slept* The little robber girl put her 

89 

E Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 



arm round Gerda's neck, held her knife in the other hand, 
and slept so that one could hear her ; but Gerda could 
not close her eyes at all  she did not know whether she 
was to live or die. 

The robbers sat round the fire, sang and drank, and 
the old robber woman tumbled about. It was quite 
terrible for a little girl to behold. 

Then the. Wood Pigeons said : " Coo ! coo ! we have 
seen little Kay. A white owl was carrying his sledge : 
he sat in the Snow Queen's carriage, which drove close 
by the forest as we lay in our nests. She blew upon 
us young pigeons and all died except us two. Coo? 
coo ? " 

" What are you saying there ? " asked Gerda. 
"Whither was the Snow Queen travelling? Do you 
know anything about it ? " 

" She was probably journeying to Lapland, for there 
they have always ice and snow. Ask the Reindeer that 
is tied to the cord." 

" There is ice and snow yonder, and it is glorious and 
fine," said the Reindeer. " There one may run about 
free in great glittering plains. There the Snow Queen 
has her summer tent ; but her strong castle is up toward 
the North Pole, on the island that's called Spitzbergen." 
O Kay, little Kay ! " cried Gerda. 
You must lie still," exclaimed the robber girl, "or 
I shall thrust my knife into your body." 

In the morning Gerda told her all that the Wood 
Pigeons had said, and the robber girl looked quite serious, 

90 



cc 
cc 



The Snow Queen 



and nodded her head and said, ^^ That's all the same, 
that's all the same ! " 

*' Do you know where Lapland is ? " she asked the 
Reindeer. 

" Who should know better than I ? " the creature re- 
plied, and its eyes sparkled in its head. ^^ I was born 
and bred there ; I ran about there in the snow fields." 

^ Listen I " said the robber girl to Gerda. ^^ You see 
all our men have gone away. Only mother is here still, 
and she'll stay ; but toward ^oon she drinks out of the 
big bottle, and then she sleeps for a little while; then I'll 
do something for you." 

Then she sprang out of bed, and clasped her mother 
round the neck and pulled her beard, crying : 

"Good-morning, my old nanny-goat." And her 
mother filliped her nose till it was red and blue ; and it 
was all done for pure love. 

When the mother had drunk out of her bottle and 
had gone to sleep upon it, the robber girl went to the 
Reindeer, and said : 

" I should like very much to tickle you a few times 
more with the knife, for you are very funny then ; but 
it's all the same. I'll loosen your cord and help you out, 
so that you may run to Lapland ; but you must use 
your legs well, and carry this little girl to the palace of 
the Snow Queen, where her playfellow is. You've heard 
what she told me, for she spoke loud enough, and you 
were listening." 

The Reindeer sprang up high for joy. The robber 

91 



Faiiy Tales 

girl lifted little Gerda on its back, and had the fore- 
thought to tie her fast, and even to give her own little 
cushion as a saddle. 

"There are your for boots for you," she said, "for 
it's growing cold ; but I shall keep the muff, for that's 
so very pretty. Still, you shall not be cold, for all that : 
here's my mother's big muffles  they'll just reach up to 
your elbows. Now you look just like my ugly mother." 

And Gerda wept for joy. 

" I can't bear to see you whimper," said the little 
robber girl. " No, you just ought to look very glad. 
And here are two loaves and a ham for you ; now you 
won't be hungry." 

These were tied on the Reindeer's back. The little 
robber girl opened the door, coaxed in all the big dogs, 
and then cut the rope with her sharp knife, and said to 
the Reindeer : 

" Now run, but take good care of the little girl." 

And Gerda stretdied out her hands with the big 
muffles toward the little robber girl, and said, " Farewell." 

And the Reindeer ran over stock and stone, away 
through the great forest, over marshes and steppes, as 
quick as it could go. The wolves howled and the ravens 
croaked. " Hiss ! hiss ! " it went in the air. It seemed 
as if the sky were flashing fire. 

" Those are my old Northern Lights," said the Rein- 
deer. " Look how they glow ! " And then it ran on 
faster than ever, day and night 



9a 



The Snow Queen 



THE SIXTH STORY 

THE LAPLAND WOMAN AND THE FINLAND WOMAN 

At a little hut they stopped. It was very humble ; 
the roof sloped down almost to the ground, and the door 
was so low that the family had to creep on their stomachs 
when they wanted to go in or out No one was in the 
house but an old Lapland woman, cooking fish by the 
light of a train-oil lamp ; and the Reindeer told Gerda's 
whole history, but it related its own first, for this seemed 
to the Reindeer the more important of the two. Gerda 
was so exhausted by the cold that she could not speak. 

'^ Oh, you poor things," said the Lapland woman, 
" you've a* long way to run yet ! You must go more 
than a hundred miles into Finmark, for the Snow Queen 
is there, staying in the country, and burning Bengal 
Lights every evening. 1*11 write a few words on a dried 
cod, for I have no paper, and I'll give you that as a letter 
to the Finland woman ; she can give you better informa- 
tion than I." 

And when Gerda had been warmed and refreshed 
with food and drink, the Lapland woman wrote a few 
words on a dried codfish, and telling Gerda to take care 
of these, tied her again on the Reindeer, and the Rein- 
deer sprang away. Flash ! flash ! it went high in the 
air ; the whole night long the most beautiful blue North- 
em Lights were burning. 

And then they got to Finmark, and knocked at the 

93 



Fairy Tales 

chimney of the Finland woman, for she had not even 
a hut. 

There was such a heat in the chimney that the woman 
herself went about almost naked. She at once loosened 
little Gerda's dress and took off the child's mufRes and 
boots ; otherwise it would have been too hot for her to 
bear. Then she laid a piece of ice on the Reindeer's 
head, and read what was written on the codfish ; she read 
it three times, and when she knew it by heart, she popped 
the fish into the soup-caldron, for it was eatable, and 
she never wasted anything. 

Now the Reindeer first told his own story, and then 
little Gerda's ; and the Finland woman blinked with her 
clever eyes, but said nothing. 

" You are very clever," said the Reindeer. " I know 
you can tie all the winds of the world together with a bit 
of twine : if the seaman unties one knot, he has a good 
wind ; if he loosens the second, it blows hard ; but if he 
unties the third and fourth, there comes such a tempest 
that the forests are thrown down. Won't you give the 
little girl a draught, so that she may get twelve men's 
power, and overcome the Snow Queen ? " 

" Twelve men's power ! " repeated the Finland wom- 
an. " Great use that would be ! " 

And she went to a bed and brought out a great 
rolled-up fur, and unrolled it ; wonderful characters were 
written upon it, and the Finland woman read until the 
perspiration ran down over her forehead. 

But the Reindeer again begged so hard for little Ger- 

94 



The Snow Queen 

da, and Gerda looked at the Finland woman with such 

beseeching eyes, full of tears, that she began to blink again 

^ with her own, and drew the Reindeer into a corner, and 

whispered to him, while she laid fresh ice upon his head. 

" little Kay is certainly at the Snow Queen's, and 
finds everything there to his taste and liking, and thinks 
it is the best place in the world ; but that is because he 
has a splinter of glass in his eye, and a little fragment in 
lus heart ; but these must be got out, or he will never be 
a human being again, and the Snow Queen will keep her 
power over him.'* 

** But cannot you give something to little Gerda, so 
as to give her power over all this ? " 

** I can give her no greater power than she possesses 
already ; don't you see how great that is ? Don't you 
see how men and animals are obliged to serve her, and 
how she gets on so well in the world, with her naked 
feet ? She cannot receive her power from us ; it consists 
in this, that she is a dear, innocent child. If she herself 
cannot penetrate to the Snow Queen and get the glass 
out of little Kay, we can be of no use ! Two miles from 
here the Snow Queen's garden begins ; you can carry 
the little girl thither; set her down by the great bush 
that stands with its red berries in the snow. Don't stand 
gossiping, but make haste, and get back here ! " 

And then the Finland woman lifted little Gerda on 
the Reindeer, which ran as fast as it could. 

" Oh, I haven't my boots ! I haven't my muffles ! " 
cried Gerda. 

95 



Fairy Tales 

She soon noticed that in the cutting cold ; but the 
Reindeer dare not stop : it ran till it came to the bush 
with the red berries ; there it set Gerda down, and kissed 
her on the mouth, and great big tears ran down the crea- 
ture's cheeks ; and then it ran back, as fast as it could. 
There stood poor Gerda without shoes, without gloves, 
in the midst of the terrible cold Finmark, 

She ran forward as fast as possible; then came a 
whole regiment of snowflakes; but they did not fall 
down from the sky, for that was quite bright, and shone 
with the Northern light: the snowflakes ran along the 
ground, and the nearer they came the larger they grew. 
Gerda still remembered how large and beautiful the snow- 
flakes had appeared when she had looked at them 
through the burning-glass. But here they were certainly 
far longer and much more terrible  they were alive. 
They were advanced posts of the Snow Queen, and had 
the strangest shapes. A few looked like ugly great por- 
cupines; others like knots formed of snakes, which 
stretched forth their heads; and others like little fat 
bears, whose hair stood up on end : all were brilliantly 
white, all were living snowflakes. 

Then little Gerda said her prayer ; and the cold was 
so great that she could see her own breath, which went 
forth out of her mouth like smoke. The breath became 
thicker and thicker, and formed itself into little angels, 
who grew and grew whenever they touched the earth ; 
and all had helmets on their heads and shields and 
spears in their hands ; their number increased more and 

96 



The Snow Queen 

more, and when Gerda had finished her prayer a whole 
legion stood round about her, and struck with their spears 
at the terrible snowflakes, so that these were shattered 
into a thousand pieces ; and little Gerda could go forward 
afresh, with good courage. The angels stroked her hands 
and feet, and then she felt less how cold it was, and 
hastened on to the Snow Queen's palace. 

But now we must see what Kay is doing. He cer- 
tainly was not thinking of little Gerda, and least of all that 
she was standing in front of the palace. 

THE SEVENTH STORY 

OFF THE SNOW QUEN's CASTLE, AND WHAT HAPPENED 

THERE AT LAST 

The walls of the palace were formed of the drifting 
snow, and the windows and doors of the cutting winds. 
There were more than a hundred halls, all blown together 
by the snow ; the greatest of these extended for several 
miles; the strong Northern Light illumined them all, 
and how great and empty, how icily cold and shining they 
all were ! Never was merriment there, not even a little 
bear's ball, at which the storm could have played the 
music, while the bears walked about on their hind legs 
and showed off their pretty manners ; never any little sport 
of mouth-slapping or bars-touch ; never any little coflFee 
gossip among the young lady white foxes. Empty, vast, 
and cold were the halls of the Snow Queen. The Northern 
Lights flamed so brightly that one could count them 

97 



Fairy Tales 

where they stood highest and lowest. In the midst of 
this immense empty snow hall was a frozen lake, which 
had burst into a thousand pieces ; but each piece was like 
the rest, so that it was a perfect work of art ; and in the 
middle of the lake sat the Snow Queen, when she was at 
home, and then she said that she sat in the Mirror of 
Reason, and that this was the only one, and the best in 
the world. 

Little Kay was quite blue with cold  indeed, almost 
black ! but he did not notice it, for she had kissed the 
cold shudderings away from him, and his heart was like a 
lump of ice. He dragged a few sharp, flat pieces of ice 
to and fro, joining them together in all kinds of ways, for 
he wanted to achieve something with them. It was just 
like when we have little tablets of wood, and lay them 
together to form figures  what we call the Chinese game. 
Kay also went and laid figures, and> indeed, very artistic 
ones. That was the icy game of Reason. In his eyes 
these figures were very remarkable and of the highest 
importance ; that was because of the fragment of glass 
sticking in his eye. He laid out the figures so that they 
formed a word  but he could never manage to lay down 
the word as he wished to have it  the word " Eternity." 
And the Snow Queen had said : 

" If you can find out this figure, you shall be your 
own master, and I will give you the whole world and a 
new pair of skates." 

But he could not. 

" Now rU hasten away to the warm lands," said the 

98 



The Snow Queen 



Snow Queen. " I will go and look into the black spots ; " 
these were the volcanoes, Etna and Vesuvius, as they are 
called. " I shall make them a little white ! That's neces- 
sary ; that will do the grapes and lemons good." 

And the Snow Queen flew away, and Kay sat quite 
alone in the great icy hall that was miles in extent, and 
looked at his pieces of ice, and thought so deeply that 
cracks were heard inside him ; one would have thought 
that he was frozen. 

Then it happeded that little Gerda stepped through 
the great gate into the wide hall. Here reigned cutting 
winds, but she prayed a prayer, and the winds lay down 
as if they would have gone to sleep ; and she stepped into 
the great empty cold halls, and beheld Kay : she knew 
him, and flew to him, and embraced him, and held him 
fast, and called out : 

" Kay, dear little Kay ! at last I have found you ! " 

But he sat quite still, stiff and cold. Then little Gerda 
wept hot tears that fell upon his breast : they penetrated 
into his heart, they thawed the lump of ice, and consumed 
the little piece of glass in it. He looked at her, and she 
sang: 

*' Roses bloom and roses decay, 
But we the Christ-child shall see one day." 

Then Kay burst into tears; he wept so that the 
spinter of glass came out of his eye. Now he recognized 
her, and cried rejoicingly : 

" Gerda, dear Gerda ! where have you been all this 
dme ? And where have I been ? " And he looked all 

99 



2Q20.l5iK 



Fairy Talcs 

around him. '' How cold it is here ! How large and 
void ! " 

And he clung to Gerda, and she laughed and wept for 
joy. It was so glorious that even the pieces of ice round 
about danced. for joy; and when they were tired and lay 
down, they formed themselves just into the letters of which 
the Snow Queen had said that if he found them out he 
should be his own master, and she would give him the 
whole world and a new pair of skates. 

And Gerda kissed his cheeks, and they became bloom- 
ing ; she kissed his eyes, and they shone like her own ; 
she kissed his hands and feet, and he then became well 
and merry. The Snow Queen might now come home ; 
his letter of telease stood written in shining characters 
of ice. 

As they took one another by the hand, and wandered 
forth from the great palace of ice. They spoke of the 
grandmother and of the roses on the roof; and where they 
went the winds rested and the sun burst forth ; and when 
they came to the bush with the red berries, the Reindeer 
was standing there waiting : it had brought another young 
Reindeer, which gave the children warm milk, and kissed 
them on the mouth. Then they carried Kay and Gerda, 
first to the Finnish woman, where they warmed themselves 
thoroughly in the hot room, and received instructions for 
their journey home, and then to the Lapland woman, 
who had made their new clothes and put their sledge in 
order. 

The Reindeer and the you \g one sprang at their side^ 

lOO 



The Snow Queen 

and followed them as far as the boundary of the country. 
There the first green sprouted forth, and there they took 
leave of the two Reindeers and the Lapland woman. 
** Farewell ! " said all. And the first little birds began 
to twitter, the forest was decked with green buds, and out 
of it on a beautiful horse (which Gerda knew, for it was 
the same that had drawn her golden coach) a young girl 
came riding, with a shining red cap on her head and a 
pair of pistols in the holsters. This was the little robber 
girl, who had grown tired of staying at home, and wished 
to go first to the north, and if that did not suit her, to 
some other region. She knew Gerda at once, and Gerda 
knew her too ; and it was a right merry meeting. 

'^ You are a fine fellow to gad about ! " she said to 
little Kay. '^ I should like to know if you deserve that 
one should run to the end of the world after you ? " 

But Gerda patted her cheeks, and asked after the 
Prince and Princess. 

" They've gone to foreign countries," said the robber 
girl. 

" But the Crow ? " said Gerda. 

"The Crow is dead," answered the other. "The 
tame one has become a widow, and goes about with an eqd 
of black worsted thread round her leg. She complains 
most lamentably, but it's all talk. But now tell me how 
you have fared, and how you caught him." 

And Gerda and Kay told their story. 

" Snipp-snapp-snurre-purre-basellurre ! " said the rob- 
ber girl. 

lOI 



Fairy Tales 

And she took them both by the hand, and promised 
that if she ever came through their town, she would come 
up and pay them a visit. And then she rode away into 
the wide world. But Gerda and Kay went hand in hand, 
and as they went it became beautiful spring, with green 
and with flowers. The church bells sounded, and they 
recognized the high steeples and the great town : it was 
the one in which they lived, and they went to the grand- 
mother's door, and up the stairs, and into the room, 
where everything remained in its usual place. The big 
clock was going ^' Tick ! tack ! " and the hands were 
turning ; but as they went through the rooms they 
noticed that they had become grown-up people. The 
roses out on the roof gutter were blooming in at the 
open window, and there stood the children's chairs, and 
Kay and Gerda sat each upon their own, and held each 
other by the hand. They had forgotten the cold empty 
splendor at the Snow Queen's like a heavy dream. The 
grandmother was sitting in God's bright sunshine, and 
read aloud out of the Bible, " Except ye become as little 
children, ye shall in no wise enter into the kingdom of 
God." 

And Kay and Gerda looked into each other's eyes, 
and all at once they understood the old song : 

Roses bloom and roses decay, 

But we the Christ-child shall see one day. 

There they both sat, grown up, and yet children  
children in heart  and it was summer : warm, delightful 
summer. 

1 02 



LITTLE FREDDY WITH HIS FIDDLE 

/'^NCE on a time there was a cottager who had an 
^^^ only son, and this lad was weakly, and hadn't much 
health to speak of; so he couldn't go out to work in the 
field. 

His name was Freddy, and undersized he was too ; 
and so they called him Little Freddy. At home there 
was little either to bite or sup, and so his fiither went 
about the country trying to bind him over as a cow-herd 
or errand-boy; but there was no one who would take 
his son till he came to the sherifF, and he was ready to 
take him, for he had just packed off his errand-boy, 
and there was no one who would fill the place, for the 
story went that he was a skinflint. 

But the cottager thought it was better there than no- 
where ; he would get his food, for all the pay he was to 
get was his board  there was nothing said about wages 
or clothes. So when the lad had served three years he 
wanted to leave, and then the sheriff gave him all his 
wages at one time. He was to have a penny a year. 
" It couldn't well be less," said the sheriff. And so he 
got threepence in all. 

As for little Freddy, he thought it was a great sum, 
for he had never owned so much ; but for all that, he 
asked if he wasn't to have something more. 

103 



Fairy Tales 

"You have already had more than you ought to 
have," said the sherifF. 

" Shan't I have anything, then, for clothes ? ** asked 
little Freddy; "for those I had on when I came here 
are worn to rags, and I have had no new ones/' 

And, to tell the truth, he was so ragged that the tat- 
ters hung and flapped about him. 

" When you have got what we agreed on," said the 
sherifF, " and three whole pennies besides, I have nothing 
more to do with you. Be off! " 

But for all that, he got leave just to go into the 
kitchen and get a little food to put in his script ; and 
after that he set off on the road to buy himself more 
clothes. He was both merry and glad, for he had never 
seen a penny before ; and every now and then he felt in 
his pockets as he went along to see if he had them all 
three. So when he had gone far and further than far, he 
got into a narrow dale, with high fells on all sides, so that 
he couldn't tell if there were any way to pass out ; and 
he began to wonder what there could be on the other 
side of those fells, and how he ever should get over 
them. 

But up and down he had to go, and on he strode ; he 
was not strong on his legs, and had to rest every now 
and then  and then he counted and counted how many 
pennies he had got. So when he had got quite up to 
the very top, there was nothing but a great plain over- 
grown with moss. There he sat him down, and began 
to see if his money was all right ; and before he was aware 

104 



Little Freddy with his Fiddle 

of him a beggar-man came up to him, and he was so tall 
and big that the lad began to scream and screech when 
he got a good look at him, and saw his height and 
length. 

" Don't you be afraid,'* said the beggar-man ; " I'll 
do you no harm. I only beg for a penny, in God's 



name/' 



cc 



Heaven help me ! " said the lad. '^ I have only 
three pennies, and with them I was going to the town to 
buy clothes." 

'' It is worse for me than for you," said the beggar- 
man. ** I have got no penny, and I am still more ragged 
than you." 

" Well, then, you shall have it," said the lad. 

So when he had walked on awhile he got weary, and sat 
down to rest again. But when he looked up there he 
saw another beggar-man, and he was still taller and 
uglier than the first ; and so when the lad saw how very 
tall and ugly and long he was, he fell a-screeching. 

" Now, don't you be afraid of me," said the beggar ; 
** I'll not do you any harm. I only beg for a penny, in 
God's name." 

" Now, may Heaven help me," said the lad. " I've 
only got two pence, and with them I was going to the 
town to buy clothes. If I had only met you sooner, 
then" 

" It's worse for me than for you," said the beggar- 
man. *'I have no penny, and a bigger body and less 

clothing." 

los 



Fairy Tales 

" Well, you may have it," said the lad. 

So he went awhile further, till he got weary, and then 
he sat down to rest ; but he had scarce sat down than a 
third beggar-man came to him. He was so tall and 
ugly and long, that the lad had to look up and up, right 
up to the sky. And when he took him all in with his 
eyes, and saw how very, very tall and ugly and ragged he 
was, he fell a-screeching and screaming again. 

" Now, don't you be afraid of me, my lad," said the 
beggar-man ; '^ I'll do you no harm ; for I am only a 
beggar-man, who begs for a penny in God's name." 

" May Heaven help me ! " said the lad. " I have 
only one penny left, and with it I was going to the town 
to buy clothes. If I had only met you sooner, then  '' 

" As for that," said the beggar-man, " I have no 
penny at all, that I haven't, and a bigger body and less 
clothes, so it is worse for me than for you." 

" Yes," said little Freddy, he must have the penny 
then  there was no help for it ; for so each would have 
what belonged to him, and he would have nothing. 

" Well," said the beggar-man, " since you have such 
a good heart that you gave away all that you had in the 
world, I will give you a wish for each penny." For you 
must ' know it was the same beggar-man who had got 
them all three ; he had only changed his shape each time, 
that the lad might not know him again. 

'' I have always had such a longing to hear a fiddle 
go, and see folk so glad and merry that they couldn't 
help dancing," said the lad; ''and so, if I may wish 

io6 



Little Freddy with his Fiddle 

what I choose, I will wish myself such a fiddle, that 
everything that has life must dance to its tune." 

** That he might have," said the beggar-man ; but it 
was a sorry wish. "You must wish something better 
for the other two pennies." 

" I have always had such a love for hunting and 
shooting," said little Freddy ; " so if I may wish what I 
choose, I will wish myself such a gun that 1 shall hit 
everything 1 aim at, were it ever so far off." 

" That he might have,'* said the beggar-man ; but it 
was a sorry wish. " You must wish better for the last 
penny." 

" I have always had a longing to be in company with 
folk who were kind and gootf," said little Freddy ; " and 
so, if 1 could get what I wish, I would wish it to be so 
that no one can say ' Nay ' to the first thing I ask." 

" That wish was not so sorry," said the beggar-man ; 
and off he strode between the hills, and he saw him no 
more. And so the lad lay down to sleep, and the next 
day he came down from the fell with his fiddle and his 
gun. 

First he went to the storekeeper and asked for clothes, 
and at one farm he asked for a horse, and at another for 
a sledge ; and at this place he asked for a fur coat, and 
no one said him " Nay "even the stingiest folk, they 
were all forced to give him what he asked for. At last 
he went through the country as a fine gentleman, and 
had his horse and his sledge ; and so when he had gone 
a bit he met the sheriff with whom he had served. 

107 



Fairy Tales 

'* Good-day, master/' said little Freddy, as he palled 
up and took off his hat. 

" Good-day," said the sheriff. And then he went on, 
" When was 1 ever your master ? " 

" Oh, yes," said little Freddy. " Don't you remem- 
ber how I served you three years for three pence ? " 

" Heaven help us ! " said the sheriff. " How you 
have got on all of a hurry ! And pray, how was it that 
you got to be such a fine gentleman ? " 

" Oh, that's tellings," said little Freddy. 

*^ And are you full of fun, that you carry a fiddle 
about with you ? " asked the sheriff. 

" Yes, yes," said Freddy. " I have always had such a 
longing to get folk to danc^ but the funniest thing of 
all is this gun, for it brings down almost anything that I 
aim at, however far it may be off. Do you see that 
magpie yonder, sitting in the spruce fir ? What'U you 
bet I don't bag it as we stand here ? " 

On that the sheriff was ready to stake horse and 
groom, and a hundred dollars beside, that he couldn't do 
it ; but as it was, he would bet all the money he had 
about him ; and he would go to fetch it when it fell  
for he never thought it possible for any gun to carry 
so far. 

But as the gun went off down fell the magpie, and 
into a great bramble thicket ; and away went the sheriff 
up into the brambles after it, and he picked it up and 
showed it to the lad. But in a trice little Freddy began 
to scrape his fiddle, and the sheriflf began to dance, and 

io8 



Little Freddy with his Fiddle 

the thorns to tear him ; but still the lad played on, and 
the sheriff danced, and cried, and begged till his clothes 
flew to tatters, and he scarce had a thread to his back. 

" Yes," said little Freddy, " now I think you're about 
as ragged as I was when I left your service ; so now you 
may get off with what you have got." 

But first of all, the sheriff had to pay him what he 
had wagered that he could not hit the magpie. 

So when the lad came to the town he turned aside 
into an inn, and he began to play, and all who came 
danced, and he lived merrily and well. He had no 
care, for no one would say him " Nay " to anything 
he asked. 

But just as they were all in the midst of their fun, 
up came the watchmen to drag the lad off to the town- 
hall ; for the sheriff had laid a charge against him, and 
said he had waylaid him and robbed him, and nearly 
taken his life. And now he was to be hanged  they 
would not hear of anything else. But little Freddy had 
a cure for all trouble, and that was his fiddle. He began 
to play on it, and the watchmen fell a-dancing, till they 
lay down and gasped for breath. 

So they sent soldiers and the guard on their way ; 
but it was no better with them than with the watchmen. 
As soon as ever little Freddy scraped his fiddle, they 
were all bound to dance, so long as he could lift a finger 
to play a tune ; but they were half dead long before he 
was tired. At last they stole a march on him, and took 
him while he lay asleep by night ; and when they had 

109 



Fairy Tales 

caught him he was doomed to be hanged on the spot, 
and away they hurried him to the gallows-tree. 

There a great crowd of people flocked together to see 
this wonder, and the sheriff, he too was there ; and he 
was so glad at last at getting amends for the money and 
the skin he had lost, and that he might see him hanged 
with his own eyes. But they did not get him to the gal- 
lows very fast, for little Freddy was always weak on his 
legs, and now he made himself weaker still. His fiddle 
and his gun he had with him also it was hard to part 
him from them ; and so, when he came to the gallows, 
and had to mount the steps, he halted on each step ; and 
when he got to the top he sat down, and asked if they 
could deny him a wish, and if he might have leave to do 
one thing i He had such a longing, he said, to scrape 
a tune and play a bar on his fiddle before they hanged 
him. 

" No, no," they said ; " it were sin and shame to 
deny him that." For, you know, no one could gainsay 
what he asked. 

But the sheriff he begged them, for God's sake, not 
to let him have leave to touch a string, else it was all 
over with them altogether ; and if the lad got leave, he 
begged them to bind him to the birch that stood there. 

So little Freddy was not slow in getting his fiddle to 

speak, and all that were there fell a-dancing at once, 

those who went on two legs, and those who went on four ; 

both the dean and the parson, and the lawyer, and the 

bailiff, and the sheriff, masters and men, dogs and swine 

no 



Little Freddy with his Fiddle 

 they all danced and laughed and screeched at one an- 
other. Some danced till they lay for dead ; some danced 
till they fell into a swoon. It went badly with all of 
them, but worst of all with the sheriff; for there he stood 
bound to the birch, and he danced and scraped great 
bits off his back against the trunk. There was not one 
of them who thought of doing anything to little Freddy, 
and away he went with his fiddle and his gun, just as he 
chose ; and he lived merrily and happily all his days, for 
there was no one who could say him '' Nay " to the first 
thing he asked for. 



Ill 



WHY THE SEA IS SALT 

/'^NCE upon a time, long, long ago, there were two 
^'^ brothers, the one rich and the other poor. When 
Christmas Eve came, the poor one had not a bite in 
the house, either of meat or bread ; so he went to his 
brother, and begged him, in God's name, to give him 
something for Christmas Day. It was by no means the 
first time that the brother had been forced to give some- 
thing to him, and he was not better pleased at being 
asked now than he generally was. 

'^ If you will do what I ask you, you shall have a 
whole ham," said he. The poor one immediately 
thanked him, and promised this. 

" Well, here is the ham, and now you must go 
straight to Dead Man's Hall," said the rich brother, 
throwing the ham to him. 

" Well, I will do what I have promised," said the 
other, and he took the ham and set off. He went on 
and on for the livelong day, and at nightfall he came to 
a place where there was a bright light. 

'^I have no doubt this is the place," thought the 
man with the ham. 

An old man with a long white beard was standing in 
the outhouse, chopping Yule logs. 

" Good-evening," said the man with the ham. 

112 



Why the Sea is Salt 



"Good-evening to you. Where are you going at 
this late hour?" said the man. 

" I am going to Dead Man's Hall, if only I am in 
the right track," answered the poor man. 

" Oh 1 yes, you are right enough, for it is here," said 
the old man. " When you get inside they will all want 
to buy your ham, for they don't get much meat to eat 
there : but you must not sell it unless you can get the 
hand-mill which stands behind the door for it. When 
you come out again I will teach you how to stop the 
hand-mill, which is useful for almost everything. 

So the man with the ham thanked the other for his 
good advice, and rapped at the door. 

When he got in, everything happened just as the old 
man had said it would : all the people, great and small, 
came round him like ants on an ant-hill, and each tried 
to outbid the other for the ham. 

" By rights my old woman and I ought to have it for 
our Christmas dinner, but, since you have set your hearts 
upon it, I must just give it up to you," said the man. 
'' But, if I sell it, I will have the hand-mill which is 
standing there behind the door." 

At first they would not hear of this, and haggled and 
bargained with the man, but he stuck to what he had 
said, and the people were forced to give him the hand- 
mill. When the man came out again into the yard, he 
asked the old wood-cutter how he was to stop the hand- 
mill, and when he had learned that he thanked him and 
set off home with all the speed he could, but did not get 

113 

P Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

there until after the clock had struck twelve on Christ- 
mas Eve. 

" But where in the world have you been ? " said the 
old woman. " Here I have sat waiting hour after hour, 
and have not even two sticks to lay across each other 
under the Christmas porridge-pot." 

'' Oh ! I could not come before ; I had something of 
importance to see about, and a long way to go, too ; but 
now you shall just see ! " said the man, and then he set 
the hand-mill on the table, and bade it first grind light, 
then a table-cloth, and then meat, and beer, and every- 
thing else that was good for a Christmas Eve's supper ; 
am the mill ground all that he ordered. " Bless me ! " 
said the old woman as one thing after another appeared ; 
and she wanted to know where her husband had got the 
mill from, but he would not tell her that. 

" Never mind where I got it ; you can see that it is a 
good one, and the water that turns it will never freeze," 
said the man. So he ground meat and drink, and all 
kinds of good things, to last all Christmas-tide, and on the 
third day he invited all his friends to come to a feast. 

Now when the rich brother saw all that there was at 
the banquet and in the house, he was both vexed and 
angry, for he grudged everything his brother had. " On 
Christmas Eve he was so poor that he came to me and 
begged for a trifle, for God's sake, and now he gives a 
feast as if he were both a count and a king ! " thought he. 
" But, for Heaven's sake, tell me where you got your 
riches from," said he to his brother. 

114 



Why the Sea is Salt 

'^ From behind the door/' said he who owned the 
mill, for he did not choose to satisfy his brother on that 
point ; but later in the evening, when he had taken a drop 
too much, he could not refrain from telling how he had 
come by the hand-mill. ''There you see what has 
brought me all my wealth ! " said he, and brought out the 
mill, and made it grind first one thing and then another. 
When the brother saw that he insisted on having the 
mill, and after a great deal of persuasion got it ; but he 
had to give three hundred dollars for it, and the poor 
brother was to keep it till the haymaking was over, for he 
thought : '' If I keep it as long as that, I can make it 
grind meat and drink that will last many a long year." 
During that time you may imagine that the mill did not 
grow rusty, and when hay-harvest came the rich brother 
got it, but the other had taken good care not to teach 
him how to stop it. It was evening when the rich 
man got the mill home, and in the morning he bade 
the old woman go out and spread the hay after the 
mowers, and he would attend to the house himself that 
day, he said. 

So, when dinner time drew hear, he set the mill on 
the kitchen table, and said : " Grind herrings and milk 
pottage, and do it both quickly and well." 

So the mill began to grind herrings and milk pottage, 
and first all the dishes and tubs were filled, and then it 
came out all over the kitchen floor. The man twisted 
and turned it, and did all he could to make the mill 
stop, but^ howsoever he turned it and screwed it, the 

IIS 



Fairy Tales 

soever way he turned it, and how much soever he tried, 
it went on grinding, and the heap of salt grew higher and 
higher, until at last the ship sank. There lies the mill 
at the bottom of the sea, and still, day by day, it grinds 
on : and that is why the sea is salt. 



Ii8 



THE INVISIBLE PRINCE 

/'^NCE upon a time there lived a Fairy who had 
^^^ power over the earth, the sea, fire, and the air ; 
and this Fairy had four sons. The eldest, who was quick 
and lively, with a vivid imagination, she made Lord of 
Fire, which was in her opinion the noblest of all the 
elements. To the second son, whose wisdom and pru- 
dence made amends for his being rather dull, she gave 
the government of the earth. The third was wild and 
savage, and of monstrous stature; and the Fairy, his 
mother, who was ashamed of his defects, hoped to hide 
them by creating him King of the Seas. The youngest, 
who was the slave of his passions and of a very uncertain 
temper, became Prince of the Air. 

Being the youngest, he was naturally his mother's 
favorite ; but this did not blind her to his weaknesses, 
and she foresaw that some day he would suffer much pain 
through falling in love. So she thought the best thing 
she could do was to bring him up with a horror of 
women ; and, to her great delight, she saw this dislike 
only increased as he grew older. From his earliest child- 
hood he heard nothing but stories of princes who had 
fallen into all sorts of troubles through love ; and she 
drew such terrible pictures of poor little Cupid that the 

119 



Fairy Tales 

young man had no difficulty in believing that he was the 
root of all evil. 

All the time that this wise mother could spare from 
filling her son with hatred for all womankind she passed 
in giving him a love of the pleasures of the chase, which 
henceforth became his chief joy. For his amusement 
she had made a new forest, planted with the most 
splendid trees, and turned loose in it every animal that 
could be found in any of the four quarters of the globe. In 
^ the midst of this forest she built a palace which had not its 
equal for beauty in the whole world, and then she consid- 
ered that she had done enough to make any prince happy. 

Now it is all very well to abuse the God of Love, 
but a man cannot struggle against his fate. In his secret 
heart the Prince got tired of his mother's constant talk 
on this subject ; and when one day she quitted the palace 
to attend to some business, begging him never to go be- 
yond the grounds, he at once jumped at the chance of 
disobeying her. 

Left to himself the Prince soon forgot the wise coun- 
sels of his mother, and feeling very much bored with his 
own company, he ordered some of the spirits of the air 
to carry him to the court of a neighboring sovereign. 
This kingdom was situated in the Island of Roses, where 
the climate is so delicious that the grass is always green 
and the flowers always sweet. The waves, instead of 
beating on the rocks, seemed to die gently on the shore ; 
clusters of golden bushes covered the land, and the vines 
were bent low with grapes. 

120 



The Invisible Prince 

The King of this island had a daughter named Rosa- 
lie, who was more lovely than any girl in the whole 
world. No sooner had the eyes of the Prince of the Air 
rested on her than he forgot all the terrible woes which 
had been prophesied to him ever since he was born, for 
in one single moment the plans of years are often upset. 
He instantly began to think how best to make himself 
happy, and the shortest way that occurred to him was to 
have Rosalie carried off by his attendant spirits. 

It is easy to imagine the feelings of the King when 
he found that his daughter had vanished. He wept her 
loss night and day, and his only comfort was to talk over 
it with a young and unknown prince, who had just ar- 
rived at the Court. Alas ! he did not know what a deep 
interest the stranger had in Rosalie, for he too had seen 
her, and had fallen a victim to her charms. 

One day the King, more sorrowful than usual, was 
walking sadly along the sea-shore, when after a long 
silence the unknown Prince, who was his only companion, 
suddenly spoke. " There is no evil without a remedy," 
he said to the unhappy father ; " and if you will promise 
me your daughter in marriage, I will undertake to bring 
her back to you." 

** You are trying to soothe me by vain promises," an- 
swered the King. '^ Did I not see her caught up into 
the air, in spite of cries which would have softened the 
heart of any one but the barbarian who has robbed me 
of her? The unfortunate girl is pining away in some 
unknown land, where perhaps no foot of man has ever 

121 



Fairy Tales 

trod, and I shall see her no more. But go, generous 
stranger ; bring back Rosalie if you can, and live happy 
with her ever after in this country, of which I now de- 
clare you heir." 

Although the stranger's name and rank were un- 
known to Rosalie's father, he was really the son of the 
King of the Golden Isle, which had for capital a city that 
extended from one sea to another. The walls, washed 
by the quiet waters, were covered with gold, which made 
one think of the yellow sands. Above them was a ram- 
part of orange and lemon trees, and all the streets were 
paved with gojd. 

The King of this beautiful island had one son, for 
whom a life of adventure had been foretold at his birth. 
This so frightened his father and mother that in order to 
comfort them a Fairy, who happened to be present at the 
time, produced a little pebble which she told them to 
keep for the Prince till he grew up, as by putting it in 
his mouth he would become invisible, as long as he did 
not try to speak, for if he did the stone would lose all 
its virtue. In this way the good fairy hoped that the 
Prince would be protected against all dangers. 

No sooner did the Prince begin to grow out of boy- 
hood than he longed to see if the other countries of the 
world were as splendid as the one in which he lived. So, 
under pretence of visiting some small islands that be- 
lodged to his father, he set out. But a frightful storm 
drove his ship on to unknown shores, where most of his 
followers were put to death by the savages, and the Prince 

122 



The Invisible Prince 

himself only managed to escape by making use of his 
magic pebble. By this means he passed through the 
midst of them unseen, and wandered on till he reached 
the coast, where he re-embarked on board his ship. 

The first land he sighted was the Island of Roses, 
and he went at once to the court of the King, Rosalie's 
father. The moment his eyes beheld the Princess, he 
fell in love with her like every one else. 

He had already spent several months in this condi- 
tion when the Prince of the Air whirled her away, to the 
grief and despair of every man on the island. But sad 
though everybody was, the Prince of the Golden Isle 
was perfectly inconsolable, and he passed both days and 
nights in bemoaning his loss. 

"Alas!" he cried; "shall I never see my lovely 
Princess again ? " Who knows where she may be, and 
what fairy may have her in his keeping ? I am only a 
man, but I am strong in my love, and I will seek the 
whole world through till I find her." 

So saying, he left the court, and made ready for his 
journey. 

He travelled many weary days without hearing a 

single word of the lost Princess, till one morning, as he 

was walking through a thick forest, he suddenly perceived 

a magnificent palace standing at the end of a pine avenue, 

and his heart bounded to think that he might be gazing 

on Rosalie's prison. He hastened his steps, and quickly 

arrived at the gate of the palace, which was formed of a 

single agate. The gate swung open to let him through, 

123 



Fairy Tales 

and he next passed successively three courts, surrounded 
by deep ditches filled with running water, with birds of 
brilliant plumage flying about the banks. Everything 
was rare and beautiful, but the Prince scarcely raised his 
eyes to all these wonders. He thought only of the 
Princess and where he should find her, but in vain he 
opened every door and searched in every corner; he 
neither saw Rosalie nor any one else. At last there was 
no place left for him to search but a little wood, which 
contained in the centre a sort of hall built entirely of 
orange-trees, with four small rooms opening out of the 
corners. Three of these were empty except for statues 
and wonderful things, but in the fourth the Invisible 
Prince caught sight of Rosalie. His joy at beholding 
her again was, however, somewhat lessened by seeing that 
the Prince of the Air was kneeling at her feet, and plead- 
ing his own cause. But it was in vain that he implored 
her to listen ; she only shook her head. ^' No," was all 
she would say ; '' you snatched me from my father whom 
I loved, and all the splendor in the world can never 
console me. Go ! I can never feel anything toward you 
but hate and contempt." With these words she turned 
away and entered her own apartments. 

Unknown to herself the Invisible Prince had followed 
her, but fearing to be discovered by the Princess in the 
presence of others, he made up his mind to wait quietly 
till dark ; and employed the long hours in writing a poem 
to the Princess, which he laid on the bed beside her. 

This done, he thought of nothing but how best to deliver 

124 



The Invisible Prince 

Rosalie, and be resolved to take advantage of a viut 
which the Prince of the Air paid every year to his mother 
and brothers in order to strike the blow. 

One day Rosalie was sitting alone in her room think- 
ing of her troubles when she suddenly saw a pen get up 
from off the desk and begin to write all by itself on a 
sheet of white paper. As she did not know that it was 
guided by an invisible hand she was very much astonished, 
and the moment that the pen had ceased to move she 
instantly went over to the table, where she found some 
lovely verses, telling her that another shared her distresses, 
whatever they might be, and loved her with all his heart ; 
and that he would never rest until he had delivered her 
from the hands of the man she hated. Thus encouraged, 
she told him ail her story, and of the arrival of a young 
stranger in her father's palace, whose looks had so 
charmed her that since that day she had thought of no 
one else. At these words the Prince could contain him- 
self no longer. He took the pebble from his mouth, 
and flung himself at Rosalie's feet. 

When they had got over the first rapture of meeting 
they b^an to make plans to escape from the power of 
the Prince of the Air. But this did not prove easy, for 
the magic stone would only serve for one person at a 
time, and in order to save Rosalie the Prince of the 
Golden Isle would have to expose himself to the fury of 
his enemy. But Rosalie would not hear of this. 

" No, Prince," she said ; " since you are here this 
island no longer feels a prison. Besides, you are under 

125 



Fairy Tales 

the protection of a Fairy, who always visits your father's 
court at this season. Go instantly and seek her, and 
when she is found implore the gift of another stone with 
similar powers. Once you have that, there will be no 
further difficulty in the way of escape." 

The Prince of the Air returned a few days later from 
his mother's palace, but the Invisible Prince had already 
set out. He had, however, entirely forgotten the road 
by which he had come, and lost himself for so long in the 
forest, that when at last he reached home the Fairy had 
already left, and, in spite of all his grief, there was noth- 
ing for it but to wait till the Fairy's next visit, and allow 
Rosalie to suffer three months longer. This thought 
drove him to despair, and he had almost made up his 
mind to return to the place of her captivity, when one 
day, as he was strolling along an alley in the woods, he 
saw a huge oak open its trunk, and out of it step two 
Princes in earnest conversation. As our hero had the 
magic stone in his mouth they imagined themselves 
alone, and did not lower their voices. 

*' What ! " said one, " are you always going to allow 
yourself to be tormented by a passion which can never 
end happily, and in your whole kingdom can you find 
nothing eke to satisfy you ? " 

"What is the use," replied the. other, " of being 
Prince of the Gnomes, and having a mother who is queen 
over all the four elements, if I cannot win the love of 
the Princess Argentine ? From the moment that I first 
saw her, sitting in the forest surrounded by flowers, I 

126 



The Invisible Prince 

have never ceased to think of her night and day, and, 
although I love her, I am quite convinced that she will 
never care for me. You know that I have in my palace 
the cabinets of the years. In the first, great mirrors re- 
flect the past; in the second, we contemplate the present; 
in the third, the future can be read. It was here that I 
fled after I had gazed on the Princess Argentine, but in- 
stead of love I only saw scorn and contempt. Think 
how great must be my devotion, when, in spite of my 
ite, I still love on ! '' 

Now the Prince of the Golden Isle was enchanted 
with this conversation, for the Princess Argentine was 
his sister, and he hoped, by means of her influence over 
the Prince of the Gnomes, to obtain from his brother the 
release of Rosalie. So he joyfully returned to his father's 
palace, where he found his friend the Fairy, who at once 
presented him with a magic pebble like his own. As 
may be imagined, he lost no time in setting out to deliver 
Rosalie, and travelled so fast that he soon arrived at the 
forest, in the midst of which she lay a captive. But 
though he found the palace he did not find Rosalie. He 
hunted high and low, but there was no sign of her, and 
his despair was so great that he was ready, a thousand 
times over, to take his own life. At last he remembered 
the conversation of the two Princes about the cabinets of 
the years, and that if he could manage to reach the oak- 
tree, he would be certain to discover what had become 
of Rosalie. Happily, he soon found out the secret of 

the passage and entered the cabinet of the present, where 

127 



Fairy Tales 

he saw reflected in the mirrors the unfortunate Rosalie 
sitting on the floor weeping bitterly, and surrounded 
with genii, who never left her night or day. 

This sight only increased the misery of the Prince, 
for he did not know where the castle was, nor how to set 
about finding it. However, he resolved to seek the 
whole world through till he came to the ri^ht place. 
He began by setting sail in a favorable wind, but his 
bad luck followed him even on the sea. He had 
scarcely lost sight of the land when a violent storm 
arose, and after several hours of beating about, the vessel 
was driven on to some rocks, on which it dashed itself 
to bits. The Prince was fortunate enough to be able 
to lay hold of a floating spar, and contrived to keep 
himself afloat ; and, after a long struggle with the winds 
and waves, he was cast upon a strange island. But what 
was his surprise, on reaching the shore, to hear sounds of 
the most heartrending distress, mingled with the sweetest 
songs which had ever charmed him ! His curiosity was 
instantly roused, and he advanced cautiously till he saw 
two huge dragons guarding the gate of a wood. They 
were terrible indeed to look upon. Their bodies were 
covered with glittering scales ; their curly tails extended 
far over the land ; flames darted from their mouths and 
noses, and their eyes would have made the bravest shud- 
der; but as the Prince was invisible and they did not 
see him, he slipped past them into the wood. He found 
himself at once in a labyrinth, and wandered about for a 
long time without meeting any one ; in fact, the only 

128 



The Invisible Prince 

ngfat he saw was a circle of human hands, sticking out of 
the ground above the wrist, each with a bracelet of gold, 
on which a name was written. The further he advanced 
in the labyrinth the more curious he became, till he was 
stopped by two corpses lying in the midst of a cypress 
alley, each with a scarlet cord round his neck and a 
iM^celet on his arm on which were engraved their own 
names, and those of two Princesses. 

The invisible Prince recognized these dead men as 
Kings of two large islands near his own home, but the 
names of the Princesses were unknown to him. He 
grieved for their unhappy fate, and at once proceeded to 
bury them; but no sooner had he laid them in their 
graves, than their hands started up through the earth and 
remained sticking up like those of their fellows. 

The Prince went on his way, thinking about this 
strange adventure, when suddenly at the turn of the walk 
he perceived a tall man whose face was the picture of 
misery, holding in his hands a silken cord of the exact 
color of those round the necks of the dead men. A few 
steps further this man came up with another as miserable 
to the full as he himself; they silently embraced, and 
then without a word passed the cords round their throats, 
and fell dead side by side. In vain the Prince rushed to 
their assistance and strove to undo the cord. He could 
not loosen it ; so he buried them like the others and con- 
tinued his path. 

He felt, however, that great prudence was necessary, 

or he himself might become the victim of some enchant- 

129 



Fairy Tales 

ment ; and he was thankful to slip past the dragons, and 
enter a beautiful park, with clear streams and sweet 
flowers, and a crowd of men and maidens. But he could 
not forget the terrible things he had seen, and hoped 
eagerly for a clew to the mystery. Noticing two young 
people talking together, he drew near thinking that he 
might get some explanation of what puzzled him. And 
so he did. 

"You swear," said the Prince, "that you will love 
me till you die, but I fear your faithless heart, and I feel 
that I shall soon have to seek the Fairy Despair, ruler 
of half .this island. She carries off the lovers who have 
been cast away by their mistresses, and wish to have done 
with life. She places them in a labyrinth where they are 
condemned to walk forever, with a bracelet on their 
arms and a cord round their necks, unless they meet 
another as miserable as themselves. Then the cord is 
pulled and they lie where they fall, till they are buried 
by the first passer-by. Terrible as this death would be," 
added the Prince, " it would be sweeter than life if I 
had lost your love." 

The sight of all these happy lovers only made the 
Prince grieve the more, and he wandered along the sea- 
shore spending his days ; but one day he was sitting on a 
rock bewailing his fate, and the impossibility of leaving 
the island, when all in a moment the sea appeared to raise 
itself nearly to the skies, and the caves echoed with 
hideous screams. As he looked a woman rose from the 
depth of the sea, flying madly before a furious giant. The 

130 



The Invisible Prince 

cries she uttered softened the heart of the Prince ; he took 
the stone from his mouth, and drawing his sword he 
rushed after the giant, so as to give the lady time to escape. 
But hardly had he come within reach of the enemy, than 
the giant touched him with a ring that he held in his hand, 
and the Prince remained immovable where he stood. The 
giant then hastily rejoined his prey, and, seizing her in 
his arms, he plunged her into the sea. Then he sent 
some tritons to bind chains about the Prince of the Golden 
Isle, and he too felt himself borne to the depths of the 
ocean, and without the hope of ever ^ain seeing the 
Princess. 

Now the giant whom the invisible had so rashly 
attacked was the Lord of the Sea, and the third son of 
the Queen of the Elements, and he had touched the 
youth with a magic ring which enabled a mortal to live 
under water. So the Prince of the Golden Isle found, 
when bound in chains by the tritons, he was carried 
through the homes of strange monsters and past immense 
seaweed forests, till he reached a vast sandy space, sur- 
sounded by huge rocks. On the tallest of the rocks sat 
the giant as on a throne. 

" Rash mortal," said he, when the Prince was dragged 
before him, " you have deserved death, but you shall live 
only to suffer more cruelly. Go, and add to the number 
of those whom it is my pleasure to torture," 

At these words the unhappy Prince found himself tied 
to a rock ; but he was not alone in his misfortunes, for all 
round him were chained Princes and Princesses, whom 

131 



Fairy Tales 

the giant had led captive. Indeed, it was his chief delight 
to create a storm, in order to add to the list of his 
prisoners. 

As his hands were fastened, it was impossible for the 
Prince of the Golden Isle to make use of the magic stone^ 
and he passed his nights and days dreaming of Rosalie. 
But at last the time came when the giant took it into his 
head to amuse himself by arranging fights between some 
of his captives. Lots were drawn, and one fell upon our 
Prince, whose chains were immediately loosened. The 
moment he was set free, he snatched up his stone, and 
became invisible. 

The astonishment of the giant at the sudden disap- 
pearance of the Prince may well be imagined. He ordered 
all the passages to be watched, but it was too late, for 
the Prince had already glided between two rocks. He 
wandered for a long while through the forests, where he 
met nothing but fearful monsters ; he climbed rock after 
rock, steered his way from tree to tree, till at length he 
arrived at the edge of the sea, at the foot of a mountain 
that he remembered to have seen in the cabinet of the 
present, where Rosalie was held captive. 

Filled with joy, he made his way to the top of the 
mountain which pierced the clouds, and there he found a 
palace. He entered, and in the middle of a long gallery 
he discovered a crystal room, in the midst of which sat 
Rosalie, guarded night and day by genii. There was no 
door anywhere, nor any window. At this sight the Prince 
became more puzzled than ever, for he did not know how 

132 



The Invisible Prince 

he was to warn Rosalie of his return. Yet it broke his 
heart to see her weeping from dawn till dark. 

One day, as Rosalie was walking up and down her 
room, she was surprised to see that the crystal which 
served for a wall had grown cloudy, as if some one had 
breathed on it, and, what was more, wherever she moved 
the brightness of the crystal always became clouded. This 
was enough to cause the Princess to suspect that her lover 
had returned. In order to set the Prince of the Air's 
mind at rest she began by being very gracious to him, so 
that when she begged that her captivity might be a little 
lightened she should not be refused. At first the only 
ivor she asked was to be allowed to walk for one hour 
every day up and down the long gallery. This was granted, 
and the Invisible Prince speedily took the opportunity 
of handing her the stone, which she at once slipped into 
her mouth. No words can paint the fury of her captor 
at her disappearance. He ordered the spirits of the air 
to fly through all space, and to bring back Rosalie wher- 
ever she might be. They instantly flew off to obey his 
commands, and spread themselves over the whole earth. 

Meantime Rosalie and the Invisible Prince had 
reached, hand in hand, a door of the gallery which led 
through a terrace into the gardens. In silence they glided 
along, and thought themselves already safe, when a furious 
monster dashed itself by accident gainst Rosalie and the 
Invisible Prince, and in her fright she let go his hand. 
No one can speak as long as he is invisible, and besides, 
they knew that the spirits were all around them, and at 

.133 



Fairy Tales 

the slightest sound they would be recognized ; so all they 
could do was to feel about in the hope that their hands 
might once more meet. 

But, alas ! the joy of liberty lasted but a short time. 
The Princess, having wandered in vain up and down the 
forest, stopped at last on the edge of a fountain. As she 
walked she wrote on the trees : " If ever the Prince, my 
lover, comes this way, let him know that it is here I dwell, 
and that I sit daily on the edge of this fountain, mingling 
my tears with its waters." 

These words were read by one of the genii, who re- 
peated them to his master. The Prince of the Air, in 
his turn making himself invisible, was led to the foun- 
tain, and waited for Rosalie. When she drew near he 
held out his hand, which she grasped ei^erly, taking it 
for that of her lover ; and, seizing his opportunity, the 
Prince passed a cord round her arms, and throwing off 
his invisibility cried to his spirits to drag her into the 
lowest pit. 

It was at this moment that the Invisible Prince 
appeared, and at the sight of the Prince of the Genii 
mounting into the air, holding a silken cord, he guessed 
instantly that he was carrying off Rosalie. 

He felt so overwhelmed by despair that he thought 
for an instant of putting an end to his life. ^' Can I sur- 
vive my misfortunes ? " he cried. " I fancied I had come 
to an end of my troubles, and now they are worse than 
ever. What will become of me ? Never can I discover 
the place where this monster will hide Rosalie." 

1 34 



The Invisible Prince 

The unhappy youth had determined to let himself 
die, and indeed his sorrow alone was enough to kill him, 
when the thought that by means of the cabinets of the 
years he might find out where the Princess was impris- 
oned, gave him a little ray of comfort. So he continued 
to walk on through the forest, and after some hours he 
arrived at the gate of a temple, guarded by two huge 
lions. Being invisible, he was able to enter unharmed. 
In the middle of the temple was an altar, on which lay 
a book, and behind the altar hung a great curtain. The 
Prince approached the altar and opened the book, 
which contained the names of all the lovers in the 
world : and in it he read that Rosalie had been carried 
off by the Prince of the Air to an abyss which had no 
entrance except the one that lay by way of the Fountain 
of Gold. 

Now, as the Prince had not the smallest idea where 
this fountain was to be found, it might be thought that 
he was not much nearer Rosalie than before. This was 
not, however, the view taken by the Prince. 

'^ Though every step that I take may perhaps lead 
me further from her," he said to himself, " I am still 
thankful to know that she is alive somewhere." 

On leaving the temple the Invisible Prince saw six 
paths lying before him, each of which led through the 
wood. He was hesitating which to choose, when he 
suddenly beheld two people coming toward him, down 
the track which lay most to his right. They turned out 
to be the Prince Gnome and his friend, and the sudden 

135 



Faiiy Tales 



desire to get some news of his sister^ Princess Argentine, 
caused the Invisible Prince to follow them and to listen 
to their conversation. 

" Do you think," the Prince Gnome was saying, " do 
you think that I would not break my chains if I could ? 
I know that the Princess Argentine will never love me, 
yet each day I feel her dearer still. And as if this were 
not enough, I have the horror of feeling that she prob- 
ably loves another. So I have resolved to put myself 
out of my pain by means of the Golden Fountain. A 
single drop of its water falling on the sand around will 
trace the name of my rival in her heart. I dread the 
test, and yet this very dread convinces me of my mis- 
fortune." 

1 1 may be imagined that after listening to these words 
the Invisible Prince followed Prince Gnome like his 
shadow, and after walking some dme they arrived at the 
Golden Fountain. The unhappy lover stooped down 
with a sigh, and dipping his finger in the water let fall a 
drop on the sand. It instantly wrote the name of Prince 
Flame, his brother. The shock of this discovery was 
so real that Prince Gnome sank fainting into the arms 
of his friend. 

Meanwhile the Invisible Prince was turning over in 
his mind how he could best deliver Rosalie. As, ance 
he had been touched by the Giant's ring, he had the 
power to live in the water as well as on land, he at once 
dived into the fountain. He perceived in one corner a 
door leading into the mountain, and at the foot of the 

136 



The Invisible Prince 

mountain was a high rock on which was fixed an iron 
ring with a cord attached. The Prince promptly guessed 
that the cord was used to chain the Princess, and drew 
his sword and cut it. In a moment he felt the Princess's 
hand in his, for she had always kept her magic pebble in 
her mouth, in spite of the prayers and entreaties of the 
Prince of the Air to make herself visible. 

So hand in hand the Invisible Prince and Rosalie 
crossed the mountain ; but as the Princess had no power 
of living under water, she could not pass the Golden 
Fountain. Speechless and invisible they clung together 
on the brink, trembling at the frightful tempest the 
Prince of Air had raised in his fury. The storm had 
already lasted many days when tremendous heat began 
to make itself felt. The lightning flashed, the thunder 
rattled, fire bolts fell from heaven, burning up the forests 
and even the fields of corn. In one instant the very 
streams were dried up, and the Prince, seizing his op- 
portunity, carried the Princess over the Golden Foun- 
tain. 

It took them a long time still to reach the Golden 
Isle, but at last they got there, and we may be quite sure 
they never wanted to leave it any more. 



137 

^' Vol. 4 



THE WONDERFUL SHEEP 

/^NCE upon a time  in the days when the fairies 
^^-^ lived  there was a king who had three daughters^ 
who were all young, and clever, and beautiful ; but the 
youngest of the three, who was called Miranda, was the 
prettiest and the most beloved. 

The King, her father, gave her more dresses and 
jewels in a month than he gave the others in a year ; but 
she was so generous that she shared everything with her 
sisters, and they were all as happy and as fond of one 
another as they could be. 

Now, the King had some quarrelsome neighbors, 
who, tired of leaving him in peace, began to make war 
on him so fiercely that he feared he would be altogether 
beaten if he did not make an effort to defend himself. 
So he collected a great army and set off to fight them, 
leaving the Princesses with their governess in a castle 
where the news of the war was brought every day  some- 
times that the King had taken a town, or won a battle, 
and, at last, that he had altogether overcome his enemies 
and chased them out of his kingdom, and was coming 
back to the castle as quickly as possible, to see his dear 
little Miranda whom he loved so much. 

The three Princesses put on dresses of satin, which 
they had had made on purpose for this great occasion^ 

138 



cc 



The Wonderful Sheep 

one green, one blue, and the third white ; their jewels 
were the same colors. The eldest wore emeralds, the 
second turquoises, and the youngest diamonds, and thus 
adorned they went to meet the King singing verses which 
they had composed about his victories. 

When he saw them all so beautiful and so gay he 
embraced them tenderly, but gave Miranda more kisses 
than either of the others. 

Presently a splendid banquet was served, and the 
King and his daughters sat down to it, and as he always 
thought that there was some special meaning in every- 
thing, he said to the eldest : 

Tell me why you have chosen a green dress." 
Sire," she answered, " having heard of your victo- 
ries I thought that green would signify my joy and the 
hope of your speedy return." 

" That is a very good answer," said the King ; " and 
you, my daughter," he continued, " why did you take a 
blue dress ? " 

" Sire," said the Princess, ** to show that we constantly 
hoped for your success, and that the sight of you is as 
welcome to me as the sky with its most beautiful stars." 

** Why," said the King, " your wise answers astonish 
me ; and you, Miranda. What made you dress yourself 
all in white ? " 

** Because, sire," she answered, " white suits me bet- 
ter than anything else." 

" What ! "said the King angrily, " was that all you 
thought of, vain child ? " 

'39 



Fairy Tales 

^'I thought you would be pleased with me," said 
the Princess ; " that was all." 

The King, who loved her, was satisfied with this, and 
even pretended to be pleased that she had not told him 
all her reasons at first. 

'^ And now," said he, *^ as I have supped well, and it 
is not time yet to go to bed, tell me what you dreamed 
last night." 

The eldest said she had dreamed that he brought her 
a dress, and the precious stones and gold embroidery on 
it were brighter than the sun. 

The dream of the second was that the King had 
brought her a spinning wheel and a distaff, that she 
might spin him some shirts. 

But the youngest said : '' I dreamed that my second 
sister was to be married, and on her wedding-day, you, 
father, held a golden ewer and said : ^ Come, Miranda, 
and I will hold the water that you may dip your hands 
m It. 

The King was very angry indeed when he heard this 
dream, and frowned horribly ; indeed, he made such an 
ugly face that every one knew how angry he was, and 
he got up and went off to bed in a great hurry ; but he 
could not forget his daughter's dream. ** Does the proud 
girl wish to make me her slave?" he said to himself. 
" I am not surprised at her choosing to dress herself in 
white satin without a thought of me. She does not 
think me worthy of her consideration ! But I will soon 
put an end to her pretensions 1 " 

140 



The Wonderful Sheep 

He rose in a fury, and although it was not yet day-- 
fight, he sent for the Captain of his Bodyguard, and said 
to him : 

" You have heard the Princess Miranda's dream ? I 
consider that it means strange things against me, there- 
fore I order you to take her away into the forest and kill 
her, and, that I may be sure that it is done, you must bring 
me her heart and her tongue. If you attempt to deceive 
me you shall be put to death ! " 

The Captain of the Guard was very much astonished 
when he heard this barbarous order, but he did not dare 
to contradict the King, for fear of making him still more 
angry, or causing him to send some one else, so he an* 
swered that he would fetch the Princess and do as the King 
had said. When he went to her room they would hardly 
let him in, it was still so early, but he said that the King 
had sent for Miranda, and she got up quickly and came 
out; a little black girl called Patypata held up her train, 
and her pet monkey and her little dog ran after her. 
The monkey was called Grabugeon, and the little dog 
Tintin. 

The Captain of the Guard begged Miranda to come 
down into the garden where the King was enjoying the 
fresh air, and when they got there he pretended to search 
for him, but as he was not to be found he said : 

" No doubt his Majesty has strolled into the forest," 
and he opened the little door that led to it and they went 
through. 

By this time the daylight had begun to appear, and 

141 



Fairy Tales 

the Princess, looking at her conductor, saw that he had 
tears in his eyes and seemed too sad to speak. 

" What is the matter ? " she said in the kindest way, 
"You seem very sorrowful." 

" Alas ! Princess," he answered, " who would not be 
sorrowful who was ordered to do such a terrible thing as 
I am ? The King has commanded me to kill you here, 
and carry your heart and your tongue to him, and if I 
disobey I shall lose my life." 

The poor Princess was terrified, she grew very pale 
and began to cry softly. 

Looking up at the Captain of the Guard with her 
beautiful eyes, she said gently : 

" Will you really have the heart to kill me ? I have 
never done you any harm, and have always spoken well 
of you to the King. If I had deserved my father's anger 
I would suffer without a murmuf, but alas ! he is unjust 
to complain of me, when I have always treated him with 
love and respect." 

" Fear nothing. Princess," said the Captain of the 
Guard. " I would far rather die myself than hurt you ; 
but even if I am killed you will not be safe : we must 
find some way of making the King believe that you are 
dead." 

"What can we do?" said Miranda; "unless you 
take him my heart and my tongue he will never believe 
you." 

The Princess and the Captain of the Guard were talk- 
ing so earnestly that they did not think of Patypata, but 

142 






I 

I te T 

! 



The Wonderful Sheep 

she had overheard all they said, and now came and threw 
herself at Miranda's feet. 

" Madam," she said, "I offer you my life; let me be 
killed, I shall be only too * happy to die for such a kind 
mistress." 

Why, Patypata," cried the Princess, kissing her, 
that would never do ; your life is as precious to me as 
my own, especially after such a proof of your affection as 
you have just given me." 

'* You are right. Princess," said Grabugeon, coming 
forward, *' to love such a faithful slave as Patypata ; she 
is of more use to you than I am, I offer you my tongue 
and my heart most willingly, especially as I wish to make 
a great name for myself in Goblin Land." 

No, no, my little Grabugeon," replied Miranda ; 
** I cannot bear the thought of taking your life." 

Such a good little dog as I am," cried Tintin, 
** could not think of letting either of you die for his mis- 
tress. If any one is to die for her it must be me." 

And then began a great dispute between Patypata, 
Grabugeon, and Tintin, and they came to high words, 
until at last Grabugeon, who was quicker than the others, 
ran up to the very top of the nearest tree, and let herself 
fall, head first, to the ground, and there she lay  quite 
dead ! 

The Princess was very sorry, but as Grabugeon was 
really dead, she allowed the Captain of the Guard to take 
her tongue ; but, alas ! it was such a little one  not bigger 
than the Princess's thumb, that they decided sorrowfully 

143 



Fairy Tales 

that.it was no use at all : the King would not have been 
taken in by it for a moment ! 

" Alas ! my little monkey/* cried the Princess, " I 
have lost you, and yet 1 am no better oflF than I was 
before." 

" The honor of saving your life is to be mine," in- 
terrupted Patypata, and, before they could prevent her, 
she had picked up a knife and cut her head oiF in an 
instant. 

But when the Captain of the Guard would have 
taken her tongue it turned out to be quite blacky so that 
would not have deceived the King either. 

" Am I not unlucky ? " cried the poor Princess ; " I 
lose everything I love, and am none the better for it." 

"If you had accepted my oflFer," said Tintin, "you 
would only have had me to regret, and I should have had 
all your gratitude." 

Miranda kissed her little dog, crying so bitterly, that 
at last she could bear it no longer, and turned away into 
the forest. When she looked back the Captain of the 
Guard was gone, and she was alone, except for Patypata, 
Grabugeon, and Tintin, who lay upon the ground. She 
could not leave the place until she had buried them in a 
pretty little mossy grave at the foot of a tree, and she 
wrote their names upon the bark of the tree, and how 
they had all died to save her life. And then she began 
to think where she could go for safety  for this forest 
was so close to her father's castle that she might be seen 
and recognized by the first passer-by, and, beside that, it 

144 



The Wonderful Sheep 

was full of lions and wolves, who would have snapped up 
a princess just as soon as a stray chicken. So she began 
to walk as ^sist as she could, but the forest was so large 
and the sun was so hot that she nearly died of heat and 
terror and fatigue; look which way she would there 
seemed to be no end to the forest, and she was so 
frightened that she fancied every minute that she heard 
the King running after her to kill her. You may imagine 
how miserable she was, and how she cried as she went on, 
not knowing which path to follow, and with the thorny 
bushes scratching her dreadfully and tearing her pretty 
frock to pieces. 

At last she heard the bleating of a sheep, and said to 
herself: 

"No doubt there are shepherds here with their 
flocks ; they will show me the way to some village where 
I can live disguised as a peasant girl. Alas! it is not 
always kings and princes who are the happiest people in 
the world. Who could have believed that I should 
ever be obliged to run away and hide because the King, 
for no reason at all, wishes to kill me ? " 

So saying she advanced toward the place where she 
heard the bleating, but what was her surprise when, in a 
lovely little glade quite surrounded by trees, she saw a 
large sheep ; its wool was as white as snow, and its horns 
shone like gold ; it had a garland of flowers round its 
neck, and strings of great pearls about its legs, and a 
collar of diamonds ; it lay upon a bank of orange-flowers, 
under a canopy of cloth of gold which protected it from 

HS 



Fairy Tales 

the heat of the $un. Nearly a hundred other sheep were 
scattered about, not eating the grass, but some drinking 
coffee, lemonade, or sherbet, others eating ices, straw- 
berries and cream, or sweetmeats, while others, again, 
were playing games. Many of them wore golden collars 
with jewels, flowers, and ribbons. 

Miranda stopped short in amazement at this un- 
expected sight, and was looking in all directions for the 
shepherd of this surprising flock, when the beautiful 
sheep came bounding toward her. 

" Approach, lovely Princess," he cried ; " have no 
fear of such gentle and peaceable animals as we are." 

" What a marvel ! " cried the Princess, starting back 
a little. " Here is a sheep who can talk." 

'' Your monkey and your dog could talk, madam," 
said he ; '^ are you more astonished at us than at them ? " 

"A fairy gave them the power to speak," replied 
Miranda. ** So I was used to them." 

^' Perhaps the same thing has happened to us," he 
said smiling sheepishly. " But, Princess, what can have 
led you here ? " 

^^ A thousand misfortunes. Sir Sheep," she answered. 
** I am the unhappiest princess in the world, and I am 
seeking a shelter against my father's anger." 

" Come with me, madam," said the Sheep ; " I offer 
you a hiding-place which you only will know of, and 
where you will be mistress of everything you see." 

^^ 1 really cannot follow you," said Miranda, '^ for I 
am too tired to walk another step." 

146 



The Wonderful Sheep 

The Sheep with the golden horns ordered that his 
chariot should be fetched, and a moment after appeared 
six goats, harnessed to a pumpkin, which was so big that 
two people could quite well sit in it, and was all lined 
with cushions of velvet and down. The Princess stepped 
into it, much amused at such a new kind of carriage, the 
King of the Sheep took his place beside her, and the goats 
ran away with them at full speed, and only stopped 
when they reached a cavern, the entrance to which was 
blocked by a great stone. This the King touched with 
his foot, and immediately it fell down, and he invited the 
Princess to enter without fear. Now, if she had not 
been so alarmed by everything that had happe/ied, 
nothing could have induced her to go into this frightful 
cave, but she was so afraid of what might be behind her 
that she would have thrown herself even down a well 
at this moment. So, without hesitation, she followed 
the Sheep, who went before her, down, down, down, until 
she thought they must come out at the other end of the 
world  ^indeed, she was not sure that he wasn't leading 
her into Fairyland. At last she saw before her a great 
plain, quite covered with all sorts of flowers, the scent of 
which seemed to her nicer than anything she had ever 
smelled before; a broad river of orange-flower water 
flowed round it, and fountains of wine of every kind ran 
in all directions, and made the prettiest little cascades and 
brooks. The plain was covered with the strangest trees, 
there were whole avenues where partridges, ready roasted, 
hung fi-om every branch, or, if you preferred pheasants^ 

147 



Fairy Tales 

quails, turkeys^ or rabbits, you had only to turn to the 
r^ht hand or to the left and you were sure to find them. 
In places the air was darkened by showers of lobstei- 
patties> white puddings, sausages, tarts, and all sorts of 
sweetmeats, or with pieces of gold and silver, diamonds and 
pearls. This unusual kind of rain and the pleaisantncss 
of the whole place would, no doubt, have attracted num- 
bers of people to it, if the King of the Sheep had been 
of a more sociable disposition, but from all accounts it is 
evident that he was as grave as a judge. 

As it was quite the nicest time of the year when 
Miranda arrived in this delightful land, the only palace 
she saw was a long row of orange trees, jasmines, honey- 
suckles, and musk-roses, and their interlacing branches 
made the prettiest rooms possible, which were hung with 
gold and silver gauze, and had great mirrors and candle- 
sticks, and most beautiful pictures. The wonderful Sheep 
b^;ged that the Princess would consider herself queen 
over all that she saw, and assured her that, though for 
some years he had been very sad and in great trouble, 
she had it in her power to make him forget aU his grief. 

" You are so kind and generous, noble Sheep," said 
the Princess, ^' that I cannot thank you enough, but I 
must confess that all I see here seems to me so extraof- 
dinary that I don't know what to think of it." 

As she spoke a band of lovely fairies came up and 
offered her amber baskets full of fruit, but when she held 
out her hands to them they glided away, and she coakl 
feel nothing when she tried to touch them. 

148 



The Wonderftil Sheep 

"Oh I " she cried, " what can they be ? Whom am I 
with ? " and she began to cry. 

At this instant the King of the Sheep came back to 
her, and was so distracted to find her in tears that he 
Gould have torn his wool. 

"What is the matter, lovely Princess?" he cried. 
"Has any one failed to treat you with due respect? " 

" Oh ! no," said Miranda ; " only I am not used 
to living with sprites and with sheep that talk, and 
everything here frightens me. It was very kind of 
you to bring me to this place, but I shall be even more 
grateful to you if you will take me up into the world 
again." 

" Do not be afraid," said the wonderful Sheep ; " I 
entreat you to have patience, and listen to the story of 
my misfortunes. I was once a king, and my kingdom 
was the most splendid in the world. My subjects loved 
me, my neighbors envied and feared me. I was respected 
by every one, and it was said that no king ever deserved 
it more. 

" I was very fond of hunting, and one day, while 
chasing a stag, I left my attendants far behind ; suddenly 
I saw the animal leap into a pool of water, and I rashly 
urged my horse to follow it, but before we had gone 
many steps I felt an extraordinary heat, instead of the 
coolness of the water ; the pond dried up, a great gulf 
opened before me, out of which flames of fire shot up, 
and I fell helplessly to the bottom of a precipice. 

" 1 gave myself up for lost, but presently a voice said: 

149 



Fairy Tales 

* Ungrateful Prince, even this fire is hardly enough to 
warm your cold heart ! ' 

"'Who complains of my coldness in this dismal 
place?' I cried. 

" * An unhappy being who loves you hopelessly,' 
replied the voice, and at the same moment the flames 
began to flicker and cease to burn, and I saw a Biiry, 
whom I had known as long as I could remember, and 
whose ugliness had always horrified me. She was leaning 
upon the arm of a most beautiful young girl, who wore 
chains of gold on her wrists and was evidently her 

 

slave. 

cc c Why, Ragotte,' I said, for that was the fairy's name, 

* what is the meaning of all this ? Is it by your orders 
that I am here ? 

" * And whose fault is it,' she answered, * that you 
have never understood me until now ? Must a powerful 
fairy like myself condescend to explain her doings to you 
who are no better than an ant by comparison, though 
you think yourself a great king ? ' 

" * Call me what you like,' I said impatiently ; * but 
what is it that you want  my crown, or my cities, or my 
treasures ? ' 

" * Treasures ! ' said the fairy disdainfully. * If I 
chose I could make any one of my scullions richer and 
more powerful than you. I do not want your treasures, 
but,' she added softly, * if you will give me your heart  
if you will marry me  I will add twenty kingdoms to the 
one you have already ; you shall have a hundred castles 

ISO 



The Wonderful Sheep 

full of gold and five hundred full of sUver^ and, tn short, 
anything jrou like to ask me for.' 

^ * Madam Ragotte/ said I, ' when one is at the 
bottom of a pit where one has fully expected to be roasted 
alive, it is impossible to think of asking such a charmii^ 
person as you are to marry one ! I b^ that you will set 
me at Uberty, and then I shall hope to answer you 
fittingly.' 

" * Ah ! ' said she, * if you loved me really you would 
not care where you were  a cave, a wood, a fox-hole, a 
desert, would please you equally well. Do not think 
that you can deceive me ; you funcy you are going Id 
escape, but 1 assure you that you are going to stay here, 
and the first thing I shall give you to do will be to keep 
my sheep they are very good company and speak quite 
as well as you do.' 

''As she spoke she advanced, and led me to this 
plain where we now stand, and showed me her fiock, but 
i paid littk attention to it, or to her ; to tell the truth I 
was so lost in admiration of her beautiful slave that I 
forgot everything else, and the cruel Ragotte, perceiving 
this, turned upon her so furious and terrible a look that 
she fell lifeless to the ground. 

^ At this dreadful sight I drew my sword and rushed 
at Ragotte, and should certainly have cut off her head had 
she not by her magic arts chained me to the spot on 
which I stood ; all my efforts to move were useless, and 
at last, when I threw myself down on the ground in 
despair, she said to me, with a scornful smile : 

151 



Fairy Tales 

**^ I intend to make you feel my power. It seems 
that you are a lion at present, I mean you to be a sheep/ 

" So saying, she touched me with her wand, and I 
became what you see. I did not lose the power of 
speech, or of feeling the misery of my present state. 

'^ * For five years,' she said, ' you shall be a sheep, and 
lord of this pleasant land, while I, no longer able to see 
your face, which I loved so much, shall be better able to 
hate you as you deserve to be hated.* 

^^ She disappeared as she finished speaking, and if I 
had not been too unhappy to care about anything I 
should have been glad that she was gone. 

** The talking sheep received me as their king, and 
told me that they, too, were unfortunate princes who had, 
in different ways, offended the revengeful fairy, and 
had been added to her flock for a certain number of years ; 
some more, some less. From time to time, indeed, one 
regains his own proper form and goes back again to his 
place in the upper world ; but the other beings whom 
you saw are the rivals or the enemies of Ragotte, whom 
she has imprisoned for a hundred years or so ; though 
even they will go back at last. The young slave of 
whom I told you is one of these ; I have seen her often, 
and it h^ been a great pleasure to me. She never speaks 
to me, and if I went nearer to her I know I should find 
her only a shadow, which would be very annoying. 
However, I noticed that one of my companions in mis- 
fortune was also very attentive to this little sprite, and I 

found out that he had been her lover, whom the cruel 

152 



The Wonderful Sheep 

Ri^otte had taken away from her long before ; since then 
I have cared for, and thought of, nothing but how I 
might regain my freedom. I have often been into the 
forest ; that is where I have seen you, lovely Princess, 
sometimes driving your chariot, which you did with all 
the grace and skill in the world ; sometimes riding to the 
chase on so spirited a horse that it seemed as if no one 
but yourself could have managed it, and sometimes run- 
ning races on the plain with the Princesses of your Court 
 ^running so lightly that it was you always who won the 
prize. Oh ! Princess, I have loved you so long, and yet 
how dare I tell you of my love ! what hope can there be 
for an unhappy sheep like myself? " 

Miranda was so surprised and confused by all that 
she had heard that she hardly knew what answer to give 
to the King of the Sheep, but she managed to make 
some kind of little spneech, which certainly did not forbid 
him to hope, and said that she should not be afraid of the 
shadows now she knew that they would some day come 
to life again. " Alas ! " she continued, " if my poor 
Patypata, my dear Grabugeon, and pretty little Tintin, 
who all died for my sake, were equally well off, 1 should 
have nothing left to wish for here ! '* 

Prisoner though he was, the King of the Sheep had 
still some powers and privileges. 

" Go," said he to his Master of the Horse, " go and 
seek the shadows of the little black girl, the monkey, and 
the dog : they will amuse our Princess." 

And an instant afterward Miranda saw them coming 

153 



Fairy Tales 

toward her, and their presence gave her the greatest 
pleasure, though they did not come near enough for her 
to touch them. 

The King of the Sheep was so kind and amusing, 
and loved Miranda so dearly, that at last she began to 
love him too. Such a handsome sheep, who was so 
polite and considerate, could hardly fail to please, espe- 
cially if one knew that he was really a king, and that his 
strange imprisonment would soon come to an end. So 
the Princess's days passed very gayly while she waited for 
the happy time to come. The King of the Sheep, with 
the help of all the flock, got up balls, concerts, and hunt- 
ing parties, and even the shadows joined in all the fun, 
and came, making believe to be their own real selves. 

One evening, when the couriers arrived (for the King 
sent most carefully for news  and they always brought 
the very best kinds), it was announced that the sister of 
the Princess Miranda was going to be married to a great 
prince, and that nothing could be more splendid than all 
the preparations for the wedding. 

" Ah ! " cried the young Princess, " how unlucky I 
am to miss tlje sight of so many pretty things ! Here 
am I prisoned under the earth, with no company but 
sheep and shadows, while my sister is to be adorned like 
a queen and surrounded by all who love and admire her, 
and every one but myself can go to wish her joy ! " 

"Why do you complain. Princess?" said the King 
of the Sheep. " Did 1 say that you were not to go to the 
wedding ? Set out as soon as you please ; only promise 

154 



The Wonderful Sheep 

me that you will come back^ for I love you too much to 
be able to live without you." 

Miranda was very grateful to him, and promised faith* 
fully that nothing in the world should keep her from 
coming back. The King caused an escort suitable to 
her rank to be got ready for her, and she dressed herself 
splendidly, not forgetting anything that could make her 
more beautiful. Her chariot was of mother-of-pearl, 
drawn by six dun-colored griffins just brought from the 
other side of the world, and she was attended by a num- 
ber of guards in splendid uniforms, who were all at least 
eight feet high and had come from far and near to ride 
in the Princess's train. 

Miranda reached her father's palace just as the wed- 
ding ceremony began, and every one, as soon as she came 
in, was struck with surprise at her beauty and the splendor 
of her jewels. She heard exclamations of admiration on all 
sides ; and the King her father looked at her so attentively 
that she was afraid he must recognize her ; but he was so 
sure that she was dead that the idea never occurred to him. 

However, the fear of not getting away made her leave 
before the marriage was over. She went out hastily, leav- 
ing behind her a little coral casket set with emeralds. 
On it was written in diamond letters : " Jewels for the 
Bride," and when they opened it, which they did as soon 
as it was found, there seemed to be no end to the pretty 
things it contained. The King, who had hoped to join 
the unknown Princess and find out who she was, was 
dreadfully disappointed when she disappeared so sud- 

155 



Faiiy Tales 

death because I thought your dream portended the loss 
of my crown. And so it did," he added, '' for now your 
sisters are both married and have kingdoms of their own 
-and mine shall be for you." So saying he put his 
crown on the Princess's head and cried : 

" Long live Queen Miranda ! " 

All the Court cried : " Long live Queen Miranda ! " 
after him, and the young Queen's two sisters came run^ 
ning up, and threw their arms round her neck, and kissed 
her a thousand times, and then there was such a laughing 
and crying, talking and kissing, all at once, and Miranda 
thanked her father, and began to ask after every one 
particularly the Captain of the Guard, to whom she owed 
so much ; but, to her great sorrow, she heard that he was 
dead. Presently they sat down to the banquet, and the 
King asked Miranda to tell them all that had happened 
to her since the terrible morning when he had sent the 
Captain of the Guard to fetch her. This she did with so 
much spirit that all the guests listened with breathless 
interest. But while she was thus enjoying herself with 
the King and her sisters, the King of the Sheep was wait- 
ing impatiently for the time of her return, and when it 
came and went, and no Princess appeared, his anxiety 
became so great that he could bear it no longer, 

" She is not coming back any more," he cried. " My 

miserable sheep's face displeases her, and without Miranda 

what is left to me, wretched creature that I am ! Oh ! 

cruel Ragotte ; my punishment is complete." 

For a long time he bewailed his sad fate like this, and 

158 



The Wonderful Sheep 

then, seeing that it was growing dark, and that still there 
was no sign of the Princess, he set out as fast as he could 
in the direction of the town. When he reached the 
palace he asked for Miranda, but by this time every one 
had heard the story of her adventures, and did not want 
her to go back again to the King of the Sheep, so they 
refused sternly to let him see her. In vain he begged 
and prayed them to let him in; though his entreaties 
might have melted hearts of stone they did not move the 
guards of the palace, and at last, quite broken-hearted, he 
fell dead at their feet. 

In the meantime the King, who had not the least idea 
of the sad thing that was happening outside the gate of 
his palace, proposed to Miranda that she should be driven 
in her chariot all round the town, which was to be illumi- 
nated with thousands and thousands of torches, placed 
in windows and balconies, and in all the grand squares. 
But what a sight met her eyes at the very entrance of the 
palace! There lay her dear, kind Sheep, silent and 
motionless, upon the pavement ! 

She threw herself out of the chariot and ran to him, 
crying bitterly, for she realized that her broken promise 
had cost him his life, and for a long, long time she was 
so unhappy that they thought she would have died too. 

So you see that even a princess is not always happy 
especially if she forgets to keep her word ; and the 
greatest misfortunes often happen to people just as they 
think they have obtained their heart's desires ! 



159 



SYLVAIN AND JOCOSA 

/^NCE upon a time there lived in the same vill^ 
^^-^ two children, one called Sylvain and the other 
Jocosa, who were both remarkable for beauty and intelli- 
gence. It happened that their parents were not on terms 
of friendship with one another, on account of some old 
quarrel, which had, however, taken place so long ago, 
that they had quite forgotten what it was all about, and 
only kept up the feud from force of habit. Sylvain 
and Jocosa for their parts were far from sharing this 
enmity, and indeed were never happy when apart Day 
after day they fed their flocks of sheep together, and 
spent the long sunshiny hours in playing, or resting upon 
some shady bank. It happened one day that the Fairy 
of the Meadows passed by and saw them, and was so 
much attracted by their pretty faces and gentle manners 
that she took them under her protection, and the older 
they grew the dearer they became to her. At first she 
showed her interest by leaving in their favorite haunts 
many little gifts such as they delighted to offer one to the 
other, for they loved each other so much that their first 
thought was always, " What will Jocosa like ? " or, 
" What will please Sylvain ? " And the Fairy took a 
great delight in their innocent enjoyment of the cakes 
and sweetmeats she gave them nearly every day. When 

1 60 



Sylvain and Jocosa 

they were grown up she resolved to make herself known 
to them, and chose a time when they were sheltering 
from the noonday sun in the deep shade of a flowery 
hedgerow. They were startled at first by the sudden 
apparition of a tali and slender lady, dressed all in 
green, and crowned with a garland of flowers. But 
when she spoke to them sweetly, and told them how 
she had always loved them, and that it was she 
who had given them all the pretty things which it 
bad so surprised them to find, they thanked her 
gratefully, and took pleasure in answering the questions 
she put to them. When she presently bade them fare- 
well, she told them never to tell any one else that they 
had seen her. '^ You will often see me again," added she, 
** and I shall be with you frequently, even when you do 
not see me." So saying she vanished, leaving them in a 
state of great wonder and excitement. After this she 
came often, and taught them numbers of things, and 
showed them many of the marvels of her beautiful king- 
dom, and at last one day she said to them, ** You know 
that I have always been kind to you ; now I think it is 
time you did something for me in your turn. You both 
remember the fountain I call my favorite ? Promise me 
that every morning before the sun rises you will go to 
it and clear away every stone that impedes its course, and 
every dead leaf or broken twig that sullies its clear waters. 
I shall take it as a proof of your gratitude to me if you 
neither forget nor delay this duty, and I promise that so 
long as the sun's earliest rays find my favorite spring the 

161 

H Vol 4 



Faiiy Tales 

clearest and sweetest in all my meadows, you two shall 
not be parted from one another." 

Sylvain and Jocosa willingly undertook this service, 
and indeed felt that it was but a very small thing in re- 
turn for all that the fairy had given and promised to 
them. So for a long time the fountain was tended with 
the most scrupulous care, and was the clearest and pret- 
tiest in all the country round. But one morning in the 
spring, long before the sun rose, they were hastening to- 
ward it from opposite directions, when, tempted by the 
beauty of the myriads of gay flowers which grew thickly 
on all sides, they paused each to gather some for the 
other. 

I will make Sylvain a garland," said Jocosa, and 
How pretty Jocosa will look in this crown ! " thought 
Sylvain. 

Hither and thither they strayed, led ever further and 
further, for the brightest flowers seemed always just be- 
yond them, until at last they were startled by the first 
bright rays of the rising sun. With one accord they 
turned and ran toward the fountain, reaching it at the 
same moment, though from opposite sides. But what 
was their horror to see its usually tranquil waters seeth- 
ing and bubbling, and even as they looked down rushed 
a mighty stream, which entirely engulfed it, and Sylvain 
and Jocosa found themselves parted by a wide and 
swiftly-rushing river. All this had happened with such 
rapidity that they had only time to utter a cry, and each 

to hold up to the other the flowers they had gathered ; 

162 



 ~ 



Sylvain and Jocosa 

but this was explanation enough. Twenty times did Sy^ 
vain throw himself into the turbulent waters, hoping to 
be able to swim to the other side, but each time an irre- 
sistible force drove him back upon the bank he had just 
quitted, while, as for J ocosa, she even essayed to cross the 
flood upon a tree which came floating down torn up by 
the roots, but her eflforts were equally useless : then with 
heavy hearts they set out to follow the course of the 
stream, which had now grown so wide that it was only 
with difficulty they could distinguish each other. Night 
and day, over mountains and through valleys, in cold or 
in heat, they struggled on, enduring &tigue and hunger 
and every hardship, and consoled only by the hope of 
meeting once more  until three years had passed, and at 
last they stood upon the clifis where the river flowed into 
the mighty sea. 

And now they seemed further apart than ever, and in 
despair they tried once more to thrpw themselves into 
the foaming waves. But the Fairy of the Meadows, who 
had really never ceased to watch over them, did not in- 
tend that they should be drowned at last, so she hastily 
waved her wand, and immediately they found themselves 
standing side by side upon the golden sand. You may 
imagine their joy and delight when they realized that 
their weary struggle was ended, and their utter content- 
ment as they clasped each other by the hand. They had 
so much to say that they hardly knew where to begin, 
but they i^eed in blaming themselves bitterly for the 
negligence which had caused all their trouble ; and when 

163 



Faiiy Tales 

she heard this the Fairy immediately appeared to them. 
They threw themselves at her feet and implored her 
forgiveness, which she granted freely, and promised at 
the same time that now their punishment was ended 
she would always befriend them. Then she sent for her 
chariot of green rushes, ornamented with May dewdrops, 
which she particularly valued and always collected with 
great care ; and ordered her six short-tailed moles to 
carry them all back to the well-known pastures, which 
they did in a remarkably short time; and Sylvain and 
Jocosa were overjoyed to see their dearly-loved home 
once more after all their toilful wanderings. The Fairy, 
who had set her mind upon securing their happiness, had 
in their absence quite made up the quarrel between their 
parents, and gained their consent to the marriage of the 
faithful lovers ; and now she conducted them to the most 
charming little cottage that can be imagined, close to the 
fountain, which had once more resumed its peaceful 
aspect, and flowed gently down into the little brook 
which inclosed the garden and orchard and pasture 
which belonged to the cottage. Indeed, nothing more 
could have been thought of, either for Sylvain and Jocosa 
or for their flocks ; and their delight satisfied even the 
Fairy who had planned it all to please them. When 
they had explored and admired until they were tired they 
sat down to rest under the rose-covered porch, and the 
Fairy said that to pass the time until the wedding guests 
whom she had invited could arrive she would tell them 
a story. This is it : 

164 



Sylvain and Jocosa 



THE YELLOW BIRD 

Once upon a time a Fairy, who had somehow or 
other got into mischief, was condemned by the High 
Court of Fairyland to live for several years under the 
form of some creature, and at the moment of resuming 
her natural appearance once again to make the fortune 
of two men. It was left to her to choose what form she 
would take, and because she loved yellow she trans- 
formed herself into a lovely bird with shining golden 
feathers such as no one had ever seen before. When the 
time of her punishment was at an end the beautiful yel- 
low bird flew to Bagdad, and let herself be caught by 
a Fowler at the precise moment when Badi-al-Zaman 
was walking up and down outside his magnificent sum- 
mer palace. This Badi-al-Zaman  whose name means 
" Wonder-of-the- World "  was looked upon in Bagdad 
as the most fortunate creature under the sun, because of 
his vast wealth. But really, what with anxiety about his 
riches and being weary of everything, and always desir- 
ing something he had not, he never knew a moment's 
real happiness. Even now he had come out of his palace, 
which was large and splendid enough for fifty kings, 
weary and cross because he could find nothing new to 
amuse him. The Fowler thought that this would be a 
favorable opportunity for ofifering him the marvellous 
bird, which he felt certain he would buy the instant he 
saw it. And he was not mistaken, for when Badi-al- 
Zaman took the lovely prisoner into his own hands, he 

saw written under its right wing the words, " He who 

165 



Fairy Tales 

eats my head will become a king/' and under its left wing, 
** He who eats my heart will find a hundred gold pieces 
under his pillow every morning." In spite of all his 
wealth he at once began to desire the promised gold, and 
the bargain was soon completed. Then the difficulty 
arose as to how the bird was to be cooked ; for among all 
his army of servants not one could Badi-al-Zaman trust. 
At last he asked the Fowler if he were married, and on 
hearing that he was he bade him take the bird home with 
him and tell his wife to cook it. 

" Perhaps," said he, " this will give me an appetite, 
which I have not had for many a long day, and if so your 
wife shall have a hundred pieces of silver." 

The Fowler with great joy ran home to his wife, who 
speedily made a savory stew of the Yellow Bird. But 
when Badi-al-Zaman reached the cottage and began 
eagerly to search in the dish for its head and its heart he 
could not find either of them, and turned to the Fowler's 
wife in a furious rage. She was so terrified that she fell 
upon her knees before him and confessed that her two 
children had come in just before he arrived, and had so 
teased her for some of the dish she was preparing that 
she had presently given the head to one and the heart 
to the other, since these morsels are not generally much 
esteemed ; and Badi-al-Zaman rushed from the cottage 
vowing vengeance against the whole family. The wrath 
of a rich man is generally to be feared, so the Fowler and 
his wife resolved to send their children out of harm's way ; 
but the wife, to console her husband, confided to him 

i66 



Sylvain and Jocosa 



that she had purposely given them the head and heart of 
the bird because she had been able to read what was 
written under its wings. So, believing that their children's 
fortunes were made, they embraced them and sent them 
forth, bidding them to get as far away as possible, to 
take different roads, and to send news of their welfare. 
For themselves, they remained hidden and disguised in 
the town, which was really rather clever of them ; but 
very soon afterward Badi-al-Zaman died of vexation and 
annoyance at the loss of the promised treasure, and then 
they went back to their cottage to wait for news of their 
children. The younger, who had eaten the heart of the 
Yellow Bird, very soon found oat what it had done for 
him, for each morning when he awoke he found a purse 
containing a hundred gold pieces under his pillow. But, 
as all poor people may remember for their consolation, 
nothing in the world causes so much trouble or requires 
so much care as a great treasure. Consequently, the 
Fowler's son, who spent with reckless profusion and was 
supposed to be possessed of a great hoard of gold, was 
before very long attacked by robbers, and in trying to 
defend himself was so badly wounded that he died. 

The elder brother, who had eaten the Yellow Bird's 
head, travelled a long way without meeting with any par- 
ticular adventure, until at last he reached a large city in 
Asia, which was all in an uproar over the choosing of a 
new Emir. All the principal citizens had formed them- 
selves into two parties, and it was not until after a pro- 
longed squabble that they agreed that the person to 

167 



Fairy Tales 

whom the most singular thing happened should be Emir. 
Our young traveller entered the town at this juncture, 
with his agreeable face and jaunty air, and all at once felt 
something alight upon his head, which proved to be a 
snow-white pigeon. Thereupon all the people began to 
stare, and to run after him, so that he presently reached the 
palace with the pigeon upon his head and all the inhabi- 
tants of the city at his heels, and before he knew where 
he was they made him Emir, to his great astonishmenL 

As there is nothing more agreeable than to command^ 
and nothing to which people get accustomed more 
quickly, the young Emir soon felt quite at his ease in 
his new position ; but ^is did not prevent him from 
making every kind of mistake, and so misgoverning the 
kingdom that at last the whole city arose in revolt and 
deprived him at once of his authority and his life  a 
punishment which he richly deserved, for in the days of 
his prosperity he disowned the Fowler and his wife, and 
allowed them to die in poverty. 

** I have told you this story, my dear Sylvian and 
Jocosa," added the Fairy, " to prove to you that this 
little cottage and all that belongs to it is a gift more 
likely to bring you happiness and contentment than many 
things that would at first seem grander and more de- 
sirable. If you will faithfully promise me to till your 
fields and feed your flocks, and will keep your word better 
than you did before, I will see that you never lack any- 
thing that is really for your good." 

1 68 



Sylvain and Jocosa 

Sylvain and Jocosa gave their faithful promise, and 
as they kept it they always enjoyed peace and prosperity. 
The Fairy had asked all their friends and neighbors to 
their wedding, which took place at once with great 
festivities and rejoicings, and they lived to a good old 
age, always loving one another with all their hearts. 



169 



THE FROG-KING, OR IRON HENRY 

T N old times when wishing still helped one, there lived 
^ a king whose daughters were all beautiful, but the 
youngest was so beautiful that the sun itself, which has 
seen so much, was astonished whenever it shone in her 
face. Close by the King's castle lay a great dark forest, 
and under an old lime-tree in the forest was a well, and 
when the day was very warm, the King's child went out 
into the forest and sat down by the side of the cool foun- 
tain, and when she was dull she took a golden ball, and 
threw it up on high and caught it, and this ball was her 
favorite plaything. 

Now it so happened that on one occasion the prin- 
cess's golden ball did not fall into the little hand which 
she was holding up for it, but on to the ground beyond, 
and rolled straight into the water. The King's daughter 
followed it with her eyes, but it vanished, and the well 
was deep, so deep that the bottom could not be seen. 
On this she began to cry, and cried louder and louder, 
and could not be comforted. And as she thus lamented, 
some one said to her, " What ails thee. King's daughter ? 
Thou weepest so that even a stone would show pity." 
She looked round to the side from whence the voice 
came, and saw a frog stretching forth its thick, ugly head 
from the water. " Ah ! old water splasher, is it thou ? " 

170 



The Frog-King, or Iron Henry 

said she ; ^^ I am weeping for my golden ball, which has 
fallen into the well." 

" Be quiet, and do not weep," answered the frog, " I 
can help thee, but what wilt thou give me if I bring thy 
plaything up again ? " " Whatever thou wilt have, dear 
frog," said she  ^^ my clothes, my pearls and jewels, and 
even the golden crown which I am wearing." 

The frog answered, " I do not care for thy clothes, 
thy pearls and jewels, or thy golden crown, but if thou 
wilt love me and let me be thy companion and play- 
fellow, and sit by thee at thy little table, and eat off thy 
little golden plate, and drink out of thy little cup, and 
sleep in thy little bed  ^if thou wilt promise me this I 
will go down below, and bring thee thy golden ball up 
again." 

"Oh, yes," said she, "I promise thee all thou 
"wishest, if thou wilt but bring me my ball back again." 
She, however, thought, " How the silly frog does talk ! 
He lives in the water with the other frogs, and croaks, 
and can be no companion to any human being ! " 

But the frog when he had received this promise, put 
his head into the water and sank down, and in a short 
time came swimming up again with the ball in his mouth, 
and threw it on the grass. The King's daughter was de- 
lighted to see her pretty plaything once more, and picked 
it up, and ran away with it. " Wait, wait," said the frog, 
^* take me with thee. I can't run as thou canst." But 
what did it avail him to scream his croak, croak, after 
her^ as loudly as he could ? She did not listen to it, but 

171 



Fairy Tales 

ran home and soon forgot the poor frog, who was forced 
to go back into his well again. 

The next day when she had seated herself at table 
with the King and all the courtiers, and was eating from 
her little golden plate, something came creeping splish 
splash, splish splash, up the marble staircase, and when 
it had got to the top, it knocked at the door and cried, 
" Princess, youngest princess, open- the door for me." 
She ran to see who was outside, but when she opened the 
door, there sat the frog in front of it ; then she slammed 
the door to in great haste, sat down to dinner again, 
and was quite frightened. The King saw plainly that 
her heart was beating violently, and said, ^^ My child, 
what art thou so afraid of ? Is there perchance a giant 
outside who wants to carry thee away ? " " Ah, no, re- 
plied she, "it is no giant, but a disgusting firog." 

" What does the frog want with thee ? " " Ah, dear 
father, yesterday when I was in the forest sitting by the 
well, playing, my golden ball fell into the water. And 
because I cried so the frog brought it out again for me, 
and because he insisted so on it, I promised him he 
should be my companion, but I never thought he would 
be able to come out of his water ! And now he is out- 
side there, and wants to come in to me." 

In the meantime it knocked a second time, and cried, 

** Princess I youigest princess I 
Open the door for me f 
Dost thou not know what thou saidst to me 
Yesterday by the cool waters of the fountain ? 
Princess, youngest princess I 
Open the door for me I '* 

172 



The Frog-King, or Iron Henry 

Then said the King, ^^ That which thou hast promised 
must thou perform. Go and let him in/' She went 
and opened the door, and the frog hopped in and fol- 
lowed her, step by step, to her chair. There he sat still 
and cried, ^^ Lift me up beside thee." She delayed, until 
at last the King commanded her to do it. When the 
frog was once on the chair he wanted to be on the table, 
and when he was on the table he said, ^^ Now, push thy 
little golden plate nearer to me that we may eat together." 
She did this, but it was easy to see that she did not do it 
willingly. The frog enjoyed what he ate, but almost 
every mouthful she took choked her. At length he 
said, *^ I have eaten and am satisfied ; now I am tired, 
cany me into thy little room and make thy little silken 
bed ready, and we will both lie down and go to sleep." 

The King's daughter began to cry, for she was afraid 
of the cold frog which she did not like to touch, and 
which was now to sleep in her pretty, clean little bed. 
But the King grew angry and said, *^ He who helped 
thee when thou wert in trouble ought not afterward to 
be despised by thee." So she took hold of the frog with 
two fingers, carried him upstairs, and put him in a corner. 
But when she was in bed he crept to her and said, ^^ I am 
tired, I want to sleep as well as thou, lift me up or I will 
tell thy fiither." Then she was terribly angry, and took 
him up and threw him with all her might against the 
wall. '' Now, thou wilt be quiet, odious frog," said she. 
But when he fell down he was no frog but a king's son 
with beautiful kind eyes. He by her father's will was 

173 



Fairy Tales 

now her dear companion and husband. Then he told 
her how he had been bewitched by a wicked witch, and 
how no one could have delivered him from the well but 
herself, and that to-morrow they would go together into 
his kingdom. Then they went to sleep, and next morn- 
ing when the sun awoke them, a carriage came driving 
up with eight white horses, which had white ostrich 
feathers on their heads, and were harnessed with golden 
chains, and behind stood the young King's servant, faith- 
ful Henry. Faithful Henry had been so unhappy when 
his master was changed into a frog, that he had caused three 
iron bands to be laid round his heart, lest it should burst 
with grief and sadness. The carriage was to conduct the 
young King into his kingdom. Faithful Henry helped 
them both in, and placed himself behind again, and was 
full of joy because of his deliverance. And when they 
had driven a part of the way, the King's son heard a 
cracking behind him as if something had broken. So 
he turned round and cried, " Henry the carriage is 
breaking." 

** No, master, it is not the carriage. It is a band 
from my heart, which was put there in my great pain 
when you were a frog and imprisoned in the well." 
Again and once again while they were on their way some- 
thing cracked, and each time the King's son thought the 
carriage was breaking ; but it was only the bands which 
were springing from the heart of faithful Henry because 
his master was set free and was happy. 



174 



CAT AND MOUSE IN PARTNERSHIP 

A CERTAIN cat had made the acquaintance of a 
^^ mouse, and had said so much to her about the 
great love and friendship she felt for her, that at length 
the mouse agreed that they should live and keep house 
together. ^^ But we must make a provision for winter, or 
else we shall suffer from hunger/* said the cat, ^^ and you, 
little mouse, cannot venture everywhere, or you will be 
caught in a trap some day." The good advice was fol- 
lowed, and a pot of fat was bought, but they did not know 
where to put it. At length, after much consideration, 
the cat said, ^^ I know no place where it will be better 
stored up than in the church, for no one dares take anything 
away from there. .We will set it beneath the altar, and 
not touch it until we are really in need of it'' So the pot 
was placed in safety, but it was not long before the cat 
had a great longing for it, and said to the mouse, ^^ I want 
to tell you something, little mouse ; my cousin has brought 
a little son into the world, and has asked me to be god- 
mother ; he is white with brown spots, and I am to hold 
him at the christening. Let me go out to-day, and you 
look after the house by yourself." " Yes, yes," answered 
the mouse, '^ by all means go, and if you get anything very 
good, think of me, I should like a drop of sweet red 
christening wine too." All this, however, was untrue ; 

175 



Fairy Tales 

the cat had no cousin, and had not been asked to be god- 
mother. She went straight to the church, stole to the 
pot of fat, began to lick at it, and licked the top of the 
fat off. Then she took a walk upon the roofs of the 
town, looked out for opportunities, and then stretched 
herself in the sun, and licked her lips whenever she 
thought of the pot of fat, and not until it was evening 
did she return home. " Well, here you are again," said 
the mouse, " no doubt you have had a merry day." 
" All went off well," answered the cat. " What name 
did they give the child ? " " Top-ofF! " said the cat quite 
coolly. " Top-ofF! " cried the mouse, " that is a very odd 
and uncommon name, is it a usual one in your family?" 
" What does it signify," said the cat ; " it is not worse 
than Crumb-stealer, as your god-children are called." 

Before long the cat was seized by another fit of long- 
ing. She said to the mouse, " You must do me a ^vor, 
and once more manage the house for a day alone. I am 
again asked to be godmother, and, as the child has a white 
ring round its neck, I cannot refuse." The good mouse 
consented, but the cat crept behind the town walls to the 
church, and devoured half the pot of fat. " Nothing ever 
seems so good as what one keeps to one's self," said she, 
and was quite satisfied with her day's work. When she 
went home the mouse inquired, " And what was this child 
christened ? " " Half-done," answered the cat. " Half- 
done ! What are you saying ? I never heard the name 
in my life. I'll wager anything it is not in the calendar I" 

The cat's mouth soon began to water for some more 

176 



Cat and Mouse in Partnership 

fidcing. ^' All good things go in threes/* said she, ^* I 
am asked to stand godmother again. The child is quite 
black, only it has white pars, but with that exception, it 
has not a single white hair on its whole body ; this only 
happens once every few years ; you will let me go, won't 
you?" "Top-oflF! Half-done!" answered the mouse, 
*' they are such odd names, they make me very thought- 
fill/' '' You sit at home," said the cat, *^ in your dark* 
gray fur coat and long tail, and are filled with fancies, 
that's because you do not go out in the daytime." During 
the cat's absence the mouse cleaned the house, and put 
it in order, but the greedy cat entirely emptied the pot of 
fat. " When everything is eaten up one has some peace," 
said she to herself, and well filled and fat she did not 
return home till night. The mouse at once asked what 
name had been given to the third child. ^'It will not 
please you more than the others," said the cat. *^ He is 
called All-gone." " All-gone," cried the mouse, " that 
is the most suspicious name of all ! I have never seen 
it in print. All-gone ; what can that mean ? " and she 
shook her head, curled herself up, and lay down to 
sleep. 

From this time forth no one invited the cat to be god- 
mother, but when the winter had come and there was no 
longer anything to be found outside, the mouse thought 
of their provision, and said, " Come, cat, we will go to 
our pot of fat which we have stored up for ourselves  
we shall enjoy that." " Yes," answered the cat, " you 
will enjoy it as much as you would enjoy sticking that 

177 



Fairy Tales 

dainty tongue of yours out of the window." They set 
out on their way, but when they arrived, the pot of fat 
certainly was still in its place, but it was empty. *^ Alas 1 '' 
said the mouse, ^^ now I see what has happened, now it 
comes to light ! You a true friend ! You have devoured 
all when you were standing godmother. First top-off, 
then half-done, then  " " Will you hold your tongue," 
cried the cat ; ^^ one word more, and I will eat you too." 
^^ All-gone " was already on the poor mouse's lips ; scarcely 
had she spoken it before the cat sprang on her, seized 
her, and swallowed her down. Verily, that is the way 
of the world. 



i;8 



THE STRAW, THE COAL, AND THE BEAN 

T N a village dwelt a poor old woman, who had gathered 
^ together a dish of beans and wanted to cook them. 
So she made a fire on her hearth, and that it might 
burn the quicker, she lighted it with a handful of straw. 
When she was emptying the beans into the pan, one 
dropped without her observing it, and lay on the ground 
beside a straw, and soon afterward a burning coal from 
the fire leaped down to the two. Then the straw began 
and said, ^^Dear friends, from whence do you come 
here ? " The coal replied, ** I fortunately sprang out 
of the fire, and if I had not escaped by main force, my 
death would have been certain  I should have been 
burned to ashes." The bean said, ^^ I too have escaped 
with a whole skin, but if the old woman had got me 
into the pan I should have been made into broth with- 
out any mercy, like my comrades." "And would a 
better fate have fallen to my lot ? " said the straw. 
" The old woman has destroyed all my brethren in fire 
and smoke ; she seized sixty of them at once, and took 
their lives. I luckily slipped through her fingers." 

" But what are we to do now ? " said the coal. 

" I think," answered the bean, " that as we have so 

fortunately escaped death, we should keep together like 

good companions, and lest a new mischance should over- 

179 



Fairy Tales 

take us here, we should go away together, and repair to 
a foreign country." 

The proposition pleased the two others, and they set 
out on their way in company. Soon, however, they came 
to a little brook, and as there was no bridge or foot-plank 
they did not know how they were to get over it. The 
straw hit on a good idea, and said, ^* I will lay myself 
straight across, and then you can walk over on me as on 
a bridge." The straw therefore stretched itself from one 
bank to the other, and the coal, who was of an impetu- 
ous disposition, tripped quite boldly on to the newly 
built bridge. But when she had reached the middle, 
and heard the water rushing beneath her, she was, after 
all, afraid, and stood still, and ventured no further. The 
straw, however, began to burn, broke in two pieces, and 
fell into the stream. The coal slipped after her, hissed 
when she got into the water, and breathed her last. The 
bean, who had prudently stayed behind on the shore, 
could not but laugh at the event, was unable to stop, 
and laughed so heartily that she burst. It would have 
been all over with her, likewise, if, by good fortune, a 
tailor who was travelling in search of work had not sat 
down to rest by the brook. As he had a compassionate 
heart he pulled out his needle and thread, and sewed her 
together. The bean thanked him most prettily, but as 
the tailor used black thread, all beans since then have a 
black seam. 



1 80 



THE FISHERMAN AND HIS WIFE 

T^HERE was once on a time a Fisherman who lived 
* with his wife in a miserable hovel close by the sea, 
and every day he went out fishing. And once as he was 
sitting with his rod, looking at the clear water, his line 
suddenly went down, hr down below, and when he drew 
it up again he brought out a large Flounder. Then the 
Flounder said to him, ^^ Hark, you Fisherman, I pray 
you, let me live ; I am no flounder really, but an en- 
chanted prince. What good will it do you to kill me ? 
I should not be good to eat ; put me in the water again 
and let me go." " Come," said the Fisherman, " there 
is no need for so many words about it  a fish that can 
talk I should certainly let go, anyhow "; with that he put 
him back again into the clear water, and the Flounder 
went to the bottom, leaving a long streak of blood be- 
hind him. Then the Fisherman got up and went home 
to his wife in the hovel. 

" Husband," said the woman, " have you caught 
nothing to-day ? " " No," said the man, " I did catch 
a Flounder, who said he was an enchanted prince, so I 
let him go again." " Did you not wish for anything 
first ? " said the woman. " No," said the man ; " what 
should I wish for ? " " Ah," said the woman, " it is 
surely hard to have to live always in this dirty hovel ; 
you might have wished for a small cottage for us. Go 

i8i 



Fairy Tales 



back and call him. Tell him we want to have a small 
cottage, he will certainly give us that." " Ah," said the 
man, " why should I go there again ? " " Why," said 
the woman, " you did catch him, and you let him go 
again ; he is sure to do it. Go at once." The man still 
did not quite like to go, but did not like to oppose his 
wife, and went to the sea. 

When he got there the sea was all green and yellow, 
and no longer so smooth ; so he stood and said : 

*' Flounder, flounder in the sea, 
Come, I pray thee, here to me ; 
For my wife, good Ilsabil, 
Wills not as I'd have her will." 

Then the Flounder came swimming to him and said> 
" Well, what does she want, then ? " " Ah," said the 
man, ^' I did catch you, and my wife says I really ought 
to have wished for something. She does not like to live 
in a wretched hovel any longer ; she would like to have 
a cottage." '' Go, then," said the Flounder, '^ she has it 
already." 

When the man went home, his wife was no longer in 
the hovel, but instead of it there stood a small cottage, 
and she was sitting on a bench before the door. Then 
she took him by the hand and said to him, ^' Just come 
inside, look, now isn't this a great deal better ? " So 
they went in, and there was a small porch, and a pretty 
little parlor and bedroom, and a kitchen and pantry, with 
the best of furniture, and fitted up with the most beau- 
tiful things made of tin and brass, whatsoever was wanted. 

And behind the cottage there was a small yard, with 

182 



The Fisherman and his Wife 

hens and ducks, and a little garden with flowers and 
fruit. " Look," said the wife, " is not that nice ! " 
*^ Yes," said the husband, '' and so we must always think 
it  now we will live quite contented." " We will think 
about that," said the wife. With that they ate something 
and went to bed. 

Everything went well for a week or a fortnight, and 
then the woman said, '^ Hark you, husband, this cottage 
is far too small for us, and the garden and yard are little ; 
the Flounder might just as well have given us a larger 
house. I should like to live in a great stone castle ; go 
to the Flounder and tell him to give us a castle." '^ Ah, 
wife," said the man, '' the cottage is quite good enough ; 
why should we live in a castle ? " " What ! " said the 
woman; '^just go there, the Flounder can always do 
that." " No, wife," said the man, " the Flounder has 
just given us the cottage ; I do not like to go back so 
soon, it might make him angry." " Go," said the 
woman, '^ he can do it quite easily, and will be glad to do 
it ; just you go to him." 

The man's heart grew heavy, and he would not go. 
He said to himself, " It is not right," and yet he went. 
And when he came to the sea the water was quite purple 
and dark-blue, and gray and thick, and no longer so 
green and yellow, but it was still quiet. And he stood 
there and said  

" Flounder, flounder in the sea, 
Come, I pray thee, here to me ; 
For my wife, good Ilsabil, 
Wills not as Td have her will." 

183 



Fairy Tales 

" Well, what does she want, then ? " said the Floun- 
der. "Alas/' said the man, half scared, "she wants to 
live in a great stone castle." " Go to it, then ; she is 
standing before the door," said the Flounder. 

Then the man went away, intending to go home, but 
when he got there, he found a great stone palace, and his 
wife was just standing on the steps going in, and she 
took him by the hand and said, "Come in." So he 
went in with her, and in the castle was a great hall paved 
with marble, and many servants who flung wide the doors ; 
and the walls were all bright with beautiful hangings, and 
in the rooms were chairs and tables of pure gold, and 
crystal chandeliers hung from the ceiling, and all the 
rooms and bedrooms had carpets, and food and wine of 
the very best were standing on all the tables so that they 
nearly broke down beneath it. Behind the house, too, 
there was a great court-yard, with stables for horses and 
cows, and the very best of carriages ; there was a mag- 
nificent large garden, too, with the most beautiful flowers 
and fruit-trees, and a park quite half a mile long, in 
which were stags, deer, and hares, and everything that 
could be desired. " Come," said the woman, "isn't that 
beautiful ? " " Yes, indeed," said the man, " now let it 
be ; and we will live in this beautiful castle and be con- 
tent." " We will consider about that," said the woman, 
"and sleep upon it;" thereupon they went to bed. 

Next morning the wife awoke first, and it was just 
* daybreak, and fi-om her bed she saw the beautiful coun- 
try lying before her. Her husband was still stretching 

184 



The Fisherman and his Wife 

himself, so she poked him in the side with her elbow^ 
and said, '* Get up, husband, and just peep out of the 
window. Look you, couldn't we be the King over all 
that land ? Go to the Flounder, we will be the King." 
"Ah, wife," said the man, "why should we be King? 
I do not want to be King." " Well," said the wife, "it 
you won't be King, I will ; go to the Flounder, for I will 
be King." " Ah, wife," said the man, " why do you 
want to be King ? I do not like to say that to him." 
" Why not ? " said the woman ; " go to him this instant; 
I must be King ! " So* the man went, and was quite un- 
happy because his wife wished to be King. ^Mt is not 
right ; it is not right," thought he. He did not wish to 
go, but yet he went. 

And when he came to the sea, it was quite dark-gray, 
and the water heaved up from below, and smelled putrid. 
Then he went and stood by it, and said, 

** Flounder, flounder in the sea, 
Come, I pray thee, here to me; 
For my wife, good Ilsabil, 
Wills not as I'd have her will." 



 



Well, what does she want, then ? " said the Floun- 
der. "Alas," said the man, "she wants to be King." 
" Go to her ; she is King already." 

So the man went, and when he came to the palace, 
the castle had become much larger, and had a great tower 
and magnificent ornaments, and the sentinel was standing 
before the door, and there were numbers of soldiers with 
kettle-drums and trumpets. And when he went inside 

185 

I Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

the house, everything was of real marble and gold, with 
velvet covers and great golden tassels. Then the doors 
of the hall were opened, and there was the court in all 
its splendor, and his wife was sitting on a high throne 
of gold and diamonds, with a great crown of gold on her 
head, and a sceptre of pure gold and jewels in her hand, 
and on both sides of her stood her maids-in-waiting in a 
row, each of them always one head shorter than the last. 

Then he went and stood before her, and said, '^ Ah, 
wife, and now you are King." " Yes," said the woman, 
" now I am King." So he stood and looked at her, and 
when he had looked at her thus for some time, he said, 
" And now that you are King, let all else be, now we will 
wish for nothing more." " Nay, husband," said the 
woman, quite anxiously, '' I find time pass very heavily, 
I can bear it no longer ; go to the Flounder  I am King, 
but I must be Emperor, too." " Alas, wife, why do you 
wish to be Emperor ? " " Husband," said she, " go to 
the Flounder. I will be Emperor." " Alas, wife," said 
the man, " he cannot make you Emperor ; I may not say 
that to the fish. There is only one Emperor in the land. 
An Emperor the Flounder cannot make you ! I assure 
you he cannot." 

" What ! " said the woman, " I am the King, and you 
are nothing but my husband ; will you go this moment? 
go at once ! If he can make a king he can make an 
emperor. I will be Emperor ; go instantly." So he was 
forced to go. As the man went, however, he was troubled 
in mind, and thought to himself, ^Mt will not end well; 

i86 



The Fisherman and his Wife 

it will not end well ! Emperor is too shameless. The 
Flounder will at last be tired out/' 

With that he reached the sea, and the sea was quite 
black and thick, and began to boil up from below, so that 
it threw up bubbles, and such a sharp wind blew over it 
that it curdled, and the man was afraid. Then he went 
and stood by it, and said, 

** Flounder, flonnder in the sea, 
Come, I pray thee, here to me; 
For my wife, good Ilsabil, 
Wills not as I*d have her will." 

" Well, what does she want then ? " said the Floun- 
der. " Alas, Flounder," said he, " my wife wants to be 
Emperor." " Go to her," said the Flounder ; " she is 
Emperor already." 

So the man went, and when he got there the whole 
palace was made of polished marble with alabaster figures 
and golden ornaments, and soldiers were marching before 
the door blowing trumpets, and beating cymbals and 
drums ; and in the house, barons, and counts, and dukes 
were going about as servants. Then they opened the 
doors to him, which were of pure gold. And when he 
entered, there sat his wife on a throne, which was made 
of one piece of gold, and was quite two miles high ; and 
she wore a great golden crown that was three yards high, 
and set with diamonds and carbuncles, and in one hand 
she had the sceptre, and in the other the imperial orb ; 
and on both sides of her stood the yeomen of the guard 
in two rows, each being smaller than the one before him, 

187 



Fairy Tales 

from the biggest giant, who was two miles high, to the 
very smallest dwarf, just as big as my little finger. And 
before it stood a number of princes and dukes. 

Then the man went and stood among them, and said, 
" Wife, are you Emperor now ? " " Yes," said she, 
" now I am Emperor." Then he stood and looked at 
her well, and when he had looked at her thus for some 
time, he said, " Ah, wife, be content, now that you are 
Emperor." " Husband," said she, " why are you stand- 
ing there ? Now, I am Emperor, but I will be Pope 
too ; go to the Flounder." " Alas, wife," said the man, 
"what will you not wish for? You cannot be Pope; 
there is but one in Christendom ; he cannot make you 
Pope." " Husband," said she, " I will be Pope ; go im- 
mediately, I must be Pope this very day." " No, wife," 
said the man, " I do not like to say that to him ; that 
would not do, it is too much ; the Flounder can't make 
you Pope." ** Husband ! " said she, " what nonsense ! " 
if he can make an emperor he can make a pope. Go to 
him directly. I am Emperor, and you are nothing but 
my husband ; will you go at once ? " 

Then he was afraid and went ; but he was quite faint, 
and shivered and shook, and his knees and legs trembled. 
And a high wind blew over the land, and the clouds flew, 
and toward evening all grew dark, and the leaves fell from 
the trees, and the water rose and roared as if it were boil- 
ing, and splashed upon the shore ; and in the distance 
he saw ships which were firing guns in their sore need, 
pitching and tossing on the waves. And yet in the midst 

1 88 



The Fisherman and his Wife 

of the sky there" was still a small bit of blue, though on 
every side it was as red as in a heavy storm. So, full of 
despair, he went and stood in much fear and said  

** Flounder, flounder in the sea, 
Come, I pray thee, here to me ; 
For my wife, good Ilsabil, 
Wills not as Td have her will." 

" Well, what does she want, then ? " said the Floun- 
der. " Alas ! " said the man, " she wants to be Pope." 
" Go to her then," said the Flounder ; " she is Pope 
already." 

So he went, and when he got there, he saw what 
seemed to be a large church surrounded by palaces. He 
pushed his way through the crowd. Inside, however, 
everything was lighted up with thousands and thousands 
of cai^dles, and his wife was clad in gold, and she was sit- 
ting on a much higher throne, and had three great golden 
crowns on, and round about her there was much ecclesi- 
astical splendor ; and on both sides of her was a row of 
candles the largest of which was as tall as the very tallest 
tower, down to the very smallest kitchen candle, and all 
the emperors and kings were on their knees before her, 
kissing her shoe. " Wife," s^id the man, and looked at- 
tentively at her, " are you now Pope ? " " Yes,'^ said 
she, '^ 1 am Pope." So he stood and looked at her, and 
it was just as if he was looking at the bright sun. When 
he had stood looking at her thus for a short time, he 
said, " Ah, wife, if you are Pope, do let well alone ! " 
But she looked as stiff as a post, and did not move or 

189 



Fairy Tales 

show any signs of life. Then said he, " Wife, now that 
you are Pope, be satisfied, you cannot become anything 
greater now." ** I will consider about that," said the 
woman. Thereupon they both went to bed, but she 
was not satisfied, and greediness let her have no sleep, 
for she was continually thinking what there was left for 
her to be. 

The man slept well and soundly, for he had run 
about a great deal during the day ; but the woman could 
not fall asleep at all, and flung herself from one side to 
the other the whole night through, thinking always what 
more was left for her to be, but unable to call to mind 
anything else. At length the sun began to rise, and 
when the woman saw the red of dawn, she sat up in bed 
and looked at it. And when, through the window, she 
saw the sun thus rising, she said, ^^ Cannot I, too, order 
the sun and moon to rise ? " '^ Husband," said she, 
poking him in the ribs with her elbows, '^ wake up ! go 
to the Flounder, for I wish to be even as God is." The 
man was still half asleep, but he was so horrified that he 
fell out of bed. He thought he must have heard amiss, 
and rubbed his eyes, and said, *' Alas, wife, what are you 
saying?" "Husband," said she, "if I can't order the 
sun and moon to rise, and have to look on and see the 
sun and moon rising, I can't bear it. I shall not know 
what it is to have another happy hour, unless I can make 
them rise myself." Then she looked at him so terribly 
that a shudder ran over him, and said, " Go at once ; I 
wish to be like unto God." " Alas, wife," said the man, 

190 



The Fisherman and his Wife 

fidling on his knees before her, '^ the Flounder cannot do 
that ; he can make an emperor and a pope ; I beseech 
you, go on as you are, and be Pope." Then she fell 
into a rage, and her hair flew wildly about her head, and 
she cried, ^^ I will not endure this. Til not bear it any 
longer ; wilt thou go ? " Then he put on his trousers 
and ran away like a madman. But outside a great storm 
was raging, and blowing so hard that he could scarcely 
keep his feet ; houses and trees toppled over, the moun- 
tains trembled, rocks rolled into the sea, the sky was 
pitch black, and it thundered and lightened, and the sea 
came in with black waves as high as church-towers and 
mountains, and all with crests of white foam at the top. 
Then he cried, but could not hear his own words  

* Flounder, flounder in the sea, 
Come, I pray thee, here to me ; 
For my wife, good Dsabil, 
Wills not as I'd have her will." 

" Well, what does she want then ? " said the Floun- 
der. " Alas," said he, "she wants to be like unto God." 
" Go to her, and you will find her back again in the dirty 
hovel." And there they arc living still at this very time. 



191 



THE WISHING-TABLE. THE GOLD-ASS, 
AND THE CUDGEL IN THE SACK 

nPHERE was once upon a time a tailor who had three 
'*' sons, and only one goat. But as the goat sup- 
ported the whole of them with her milk, she was obliged 
to have good food, and to be taken every day to pasture. 
The sons, therefore, did this in turn. Once the eldest 
took her to the churchyard, where the finest herbs were 
to be found, and let her eat and run about there. At 
night when it was time to go home he asked, ''Goat, 
hast thou had enough ? " The goat answered, 

" I have eaten so much, 
Not a leaf more I'll touch, meh 1 meh I " 

" Come home, then," said the youth, and took hold of 
the cord round her neck, led her into the stable and tied 
her up securely. " Well," said the old tailor, " has the 
goat had as much food as she ought ? *' " Oh," answered 
the son, '' she has eaten so much, not a leaf more she'll 
touch." But the father wished to satisfy himself, and 
went down to the stable, stroked the dear animal and 
asked, " Goat, art thou satisfied ? " The goat answered, 

** Wherewithal should I be satisfied ? 
Among the graves I leapt about, 
And found no food, so went without, meh 1 meh I " 

" What do I hear ? " cried the tailor, and ran upstairs and 
said to the youth, ''Hollo, thou liar; thou saidst the 

192 



The Wishing-Table 

goat had had enough, and hast let her hunger ! " and in his 
anger he took the yard-measure from the wall, and drove 
him out with blows. 

Next day it was the turn of the second son, who 
looked out for a place in the fence of the garden, where 
nothing but good herbs grew, and the goat cleared them 
all off. At night when he wanted to go home, he asked, 
" Goat, art thou satisfied ? " The goat answered, 

** I have eaten so mttch, 
Not a leaf more 1*11 touch, meh t meh 1 '* 



" Come home, then," said the youth, and led her home, 
and tied her up in the stable. ''Well," said the old 
tailor, '' has the goat had as much food as she ought ? " 
''Oh," answered the son, "she has eaten so much, not a 
leaf more she'll touch." The tailor would not rely on 
this, but went down to the stable and said, " Goat, hast 
thou had enough ? " The goat answered, 

" Wherewithal should I be satisfied ? 
Among the graves I leapt about, 
And found no food, so went without, meh t meh ! '' 

" The godless wretch ! " cried the tailor, " to let such a 
good animal hunger," and he ran up and drove the youth 
out of doors with the yard-measure. 

Now came the turn of the third son, who wanted to 
do the thing well, and sought out some bushes with the 
finest leaves, and let the goat devour them. In the even- 
ing when he wanted to go home, he asked, " Goat, hast 
thou had enough ? " The goat answered, 

** I have eaten so much, 
Not a leaf more I'll touch, meh I meh I " 



Fairy Tales 



a 



Come home, then/' said the youth, and led her into the 
stable, and tied her up. ^' Well/' said the old tailor, 
" has the goat had a proper amount of food ? " " She 
has eaten so much, not a leaf more she'll touch." The 
tailor did not trust to that, but went down and asked, 
** Goat, hast thou had enough ? " The wicked beast 
answered, 

" Wherewithal should 1 be satisfied ? 
Among the graves I leapt about, 
And found no leaves, so went without, meb 1 meh I ** 

" Oh, the brood of liars ! " cried the tailor, " each as 
wicked and foi^etful of his duty as the other ! Ye shall 
no longer make a fool of me," and, quite beside himself 
with anger, he ran upstairs and belabored the poor young 
fellow so vigorously with the yard-measure that he sprang 
out of the house. 

The old tailor was now alone with his goat. Next 
morning he went down to the stable, caressed the goat 
and said, '^ Come, my dear little animal, 1 will take thee 
to feed myself." He took her by the rope and con- 
ducted her to green hedges, and among milfoil, and 
whatever else goats like to eat. "There thou mayst 
for once eat to thy heart's content," said he to her, and 
let her browse till evening. When he asked, " Goat, art 
thou satisfied ? " she replied, 

*' I have eaten so much, 
Not a leaf more I'll touch, meh I meh 1 " 

" Come home, then," said the tailor, and led her into 
the stable, and tied her fast. When he was going away, 
he turned round again and said, " Well, art thou satisfied 

194 



The Wishing-Table 

for once? '' But the goat did not behave better to him, 
and cried, 

** Wherewithal should I be satisfied } 
Among the graves 1 leapt about, 
And found no leaves, so went without, meh I meh I " 

When the tailor heard that, he was shocked, and saw 
clearly that he had driven away his three sons without 
cause. " Wait, thou ungrateful creature," cried he, " it 
is not enough to drive thee forth, I will mark thee so 
that thbu wilt no more dare to show thyself among 
honest tailors." In great haste he ran upstairs, fetched 
his razor, lathered the goat's head, and shaved her as 
clean as the palm of his hand. And as the yard-measure 
would have been too good for her, he brought the horse- 
whip, and gave her such cuts with it that she ran away in 
violent haste. 

When the tailor was thus left quite alone in his house 
he fell into great grief, and would gladly have had his 
sons back again, but no one knew whither they were 
gone. The eldest had apprenticed himself to a joiner, 
and learned industriously and indefatigably, and when 
the time came for him to go travelling, his master pre- 
sented him with a little table which had no particular 
appearance, and was made of common wood, but it had 
one good property : if any one set it out, and said, " Little 
table, spread thyself," the good little table was at once 
covered with a clean little cloth, and a plate was there, 
and a knife and fork beside it, and dishes with boiled 
meats and roasted meats, as many as there was room for, 
and a great glass of red wine shone so that it made the 

I9S 



Fairy Tales 

heart glad. The young journeymen thought^ ''With 
this thou hast enough for thy whole life," and went joy- 
ously about the world and never troubled himself at all 
whether an inn was good or bad, or if anything was to be 
found in it or not. When it suited him he did not enter 
an inn at all, but either in the plain, in a wood, a meadow, 
or whenever he fancied, he took his table off his back, set 
it down before him, and said, '' Cover thyself," and then 
everything appeared that his heart desired. At length 
he took it into his head to go back to his father, whose 
anger would now be appeased, and who would now will- 
ingly receive him with his wishing-table. It came to pass 
that on his way home, he came one evening to an inn 
which was filled with guests. They bade him wel- 
come, and invited him to sit and eat with them, for 
otherwise he would have difficulty in getting anything. 
" No," answered the joiner, " I will not take the 
few bites out of your mouths ; rather than that, you 
shall be my guests." They laughed, and thought he 
was jesting with them ; he, however, placed his wooden 
table in the middle of the room, and said, " Little table, 
cover thyself." Instantly it was covered with food, so 
good that the host could never have procured it, and the 
smell of it ascended pleasantly to the nostrils of the 
guests. " Fall to, dear friends," said the joiner ; and the 
guests when they saw that he meant it, did not need to 
be asked twice, but drew near, pulled out their knives and 
attacked it valiantly. And what surprised them the most 

was that when a dish became empty, a full one instantly 

196 



The Wishing-Table 

took its place of its own accord. The innkeeper stood 
in one corner and watched the afiair ; he did not at ail 
know what to say, but thought, '* Thou couldst easily 
find a use for such a cook as that in thy kitchen." The 
joiner and his comrades made merry until late into the 
night ; at length they lay down to sleep, and the young 
apprentice also went to bed, and set his magic table 
against the wall. The host's thoughts, however, let him 
have no rest ; it occurred to him that there was a little 
old table in his lumber-room, which looked just like the 
apprentice's, and he brought it out quite softly, and ex- 
changed it for the wishing-table. Next morning, the 
joiner paid for his bed, took up his table, never thinking 
that he had got a false one, and went his way. At mid- 
day he reached his father, who received him with great 
joy. " Well, my dear son, what hast thou learned ? " 
ssud he to him. ^* Father, I have become a joiner." 

" A good trade," replied the old man ; " but what 
hast thou brought back with thee from thy apprentice- 
ship ? " *' Father, the best thing which I have brought 
back with me is this little table." The tailor inspected 
it on all sides and said, ^' Thou didst not make a master- 
piece when thou mad'st that; it is a bad old table." 

But it is a table which furnishes itself," replied the son. 

When I set it out, and tell it to cover itself, the most 
beautiful dishes stand on it, and a wine also, which glad- 
dens the heart. Just invite all our relations and friends, 
they shall refresh and enjoy themselves for once, for the 

table will give them all they require." When the com- 

197 



 



Fairy Tales 

pany was assembled, he put his table in the middle of 
the room and said, " Little table, cover thyself,'* but 
the little table did not bestir itself, and remained just 
as bare as any other table which did not understand 
language. Then the poor apprentice became aware that 
his table had been changed, and was ashamed at having 
to stand there like a liar. The relations, however, 
mocked him, and were forced to go home without hav- 
ing eaten or drunk. The father brought out his patches 
again, and went on tailoring, but the son went to a mas- 
ter in the craft. 

The second son had gone to a miller and had ap- 
prenticed himself to him. When his years were over, 
the master said, '^ As thou has conducted thyself so well, 
I give thee an ass of a peculiar kind, which neither 
draws a cart nor carries a sack.** '' To what use is he 
put, then ? ** asked the young apprentice. " He lets 
gold drop from his mouth," answered the miller. '^ If 
thou settest him on a cloth and sayest ' Bricklebrit,' the 
good animal will drop gold pieces for thee.*' " That is 
a fine thing," said the apprentice, and thanked the mas- 
ter, and went out into the world. When he had need 
of gold, he had only to say ^^ Bricklebrit " to his ass, 
and it rained gold pieces, and he had nothing to do but 
pick them off the ground. Wheresoever he went, the 
best of everything was good enough for him, and the 
dearer the better, for he had always a full purse. When 
he had looked about the world for some time, he 
thought, '^ Thou must seek out thy father ; if thou goest 

198 



The Wishing-Table 

to him with the gold-ass he will forget his anger, and 
receive thee well." It came to pass that he came to the 
same public-house in which his brother's table had been 
exchanged. He led his ass by the bridle, and the host 
was about to take the animal from him and tie him up, 
but the young apprentice said, " Don't trouble yourself, 
I will take my gray horse into the stable, and tie him up 
myself too, for I must know where he stands." This 
struck the host as odd, and he thought that a man who 
was forced to look after his ass himself, could not have 
much to spend ; but when the stranger put his hand in 
his pocket and brought out two gold pieces, and said he 
was to provide something good for him, the host opened 
his eyes wide, and ran and sought out the best he could 
muster. 

After dinner thfe guest asked what he owed. The 
host did not see why he should not double the reckoning, 
and said the apprentice must give two more gold pieces. 
He felt in his pocket, but his gold was just at an end. 
" Wait an instant, sir host," said he, '^ I will go and fetch 
some money;" but he took the table-cloth with him. 
The host could not imagine what this could mean, and 
4>eing curious, stole after him, and as the guest bolted the 
stable door, he peeped through a hole left by a knot in 
the wood. The stranger spread out the cloth under the 
animal and cried, '^ Bricklebrit," and immediately the beast 
began to let gold pieces fall, so that it fairly rained down 
money on the ground. " Eh, my word," said the host, 
'* ducats are quickly coined there ! A purse like that is not 

199 



Fairy Tales 

amiss/' The guest paid his score, and went to bed, but in 
the night the host stole down into the stable, led away the 
master of the mint, and tied up another ass in his place. 
Early next morning the apprentice travelled away with 
his ass, and thought that he had his gold-ass. At mid- 
day he reached his father, who rejoiced to see him again, 
and gladly took him in. " What hast thou made of thy- 
self, my son?" asked the old man. *'A miller, dear 
father," he answered. '' What hast thou brought back 
with thee from thy travels ? " Nothing else but an ass." 
'' There are asses enough here," said the Either, '^ I would 
rather have had a good goat." " Yes," replied the son, 
'^ but it is no common ass, but a gold-ass ; when 1 say 
* Bricklebrit,' the good beast opens its mouth and drops 
a whole sheetful of gold pieces. Just summon all our 
relations hither, and I will make them rich folks." '^ That 
suits me well," said the tailor, -^ for then I shall have no 
need to torment myself any longer with the needle," and 
ran out himself and called the relations together. As soon 
as they were assembled, the miller bade them make way, 
spread out his cloth, and brought the ass into the room. 
" Now watch," said he, and cried, " Bricklebrit," but no 
gold pieces fell, and it was clear that the animal knew 
nothing of the art, for every ass does not attain such 
perfection. Then the poor miller pulled a long &ce, saw 
that he was betrayed, and begged pardon of the relatives, 
who went home as poor as they came. There was no 
help for it, the old man had to betake him to his needle 
once more, and the youth hired himself to a miller. 

200 



The Wishing-Table 

The third brother had apprenticed himself to a turner, 
and as that is skilled labor, he was the longest in learning. 
His brothers, however, told him in a letter how badly 
things had gone with them, and how the inn-keeper had 
cheated them of their beautiful wishing-gifts on the last 
evening before they reached home. When the turner 
had served his time, and had to set out on his travels, as 
he had conducted himself so well, his master presented 
him with a sack and said, *' There is a cudgel in it" '^ I 
can put on the sack," said he, '' and it may be of good 
service to me, but why should the cudgel be in it ? It 
only makes it heavy." ** I will tell thee why," replied the 
master ; '' if any one has done anything to injure thee, do 
but say, ' Out of the sack. Cudgel ! ' and the cudgel will 
leap forth among the people, and play such a dance on 
their backs that they will not be able to stir or move for 
a week, and it will not leave off until thou sayest, *' Into 
the sack. Cudgel ! " The apprentice thanked him, put the 
sack on his back, and when any one came too near him, 
and wished to attack him, he said, ^' Out of the sack. 
Cudgel ! " and instantly the cudgel sprang out, and dusted 
the coat or jacket of one after the other on their backs, 
and never stopped until it had stripped it off them, and 
it was done so quickly, that before any one was aware, it 
was already his own turn. In the evening the young 
turner reached the inn where his brothers had been cheated. 
He laid his sack on the table before him, and began to 
talk of all the wonderful things which he had seen in the 
world. '^ Yes," said he, *^ people may easily find a table 

20X 



Fairy Tales 

which will cover itself, a gold-ass, and things of that kind 
 extremely good things which I by no means despise  
but these are nothing in comparison with the treasure 
which I have won for myself, and am carrying about with 
me in my sack there." The inn-keeper pricked up his 
cars. " What in the world can that be ? " thought he ; 
'^ the sack must be filled with nothing but jewels ; I ought 
to get them cheap too, for all good things go in threes/' 
When it was time for sleep, the guest stretched himself 
on the bench, and laid the sack beneath him for a pillow. 
When the inn-keeper thought his guest was lying in a 
sound sleep, he went to him and pushed and pulled quite 
gently and carefully at the sack to see if he could possibly 
draw it away and lay another in its place. The turner 
had, however, been waiting for this for a long time, and 
now just as the inn-keeper was about to give a hearty tug, 
he cried, " Out of the sack, Cudgel ! " Instantly the little 
cudgel came forth, and fell on the mn-keeper, and gave 
him a sound thrashing. 

The host cried for mercy ; but the louder he cried, 
so much the more heavily the cudgel beat the time on 
his back, until at length he fell to the ground exhausted. 
Then the turner said, "If thou dost not give back the 
table which covers itself, and the gold-ass, the dance shall 
begin afresh." " Oh, no," cried the host, quite humbly, 
*'I will gladly produce everything, only make the ac- 
cursed kobold creep back into the sack." Then said 
the apprentice, " I will let mercy take the place of 
justice, but beware of getting into mischief again!'" 

202 



The Wishing-Table 

So he cried, " Into the sack, Cudgel ! " and let him 
have rest. 

Next morning the turner went home to his father 
with the wishing-table and gold-ass. The tailor rejoiced 
when he saw him once more, and asked him likewise 
what he had learned in foreign parts. " Dear father," 
said he, " I have become a turner." " A skilled trade," 
said the father. *'What hast thou brought back with 
thee from thy travels ? " 

" A precious thing, dear father," replied the son, " a 
cudgel in the sack." 

" What 1 " cried the father, " a cudgel ! That's worth 
thy trouble, indeed ! From every tree thou canst cut 
thyself one." " But not one like this, dear father. 
If I say, ^ Out of the sack. Cudgel ! ' the cudgel springs 
out and leads any one who means ill with me a weary 
dance, and never stops until he lies on the ground and 
prays for fair weather. Look you, with this cudgel have 
I got back the wishing-table and the gold-ass which the 
thievish inn-keeper took away from my brothers. Now 
let them both be sent for, and invite all our kinsmen. 
I will give them to eat and to drink, and will fill their 
pockets with gold into the bargain." The old tailor would 
not quite believe, but nevertheless got the relatives to- 
gether. Then the turner spread a cloth in the room and 
led in the gold-ass, and said to his brother, ^^ Now, dear 
brother, speak to him." The miller said, " Bricklebrit," 
and instantly the gold pieces fell down on the cloth like 
a thunder-shower, and the ass did not stop until every 

203 



Fairy Tales 

one of them had so much that he could carry no more. 
(I can see in thy face that thou also wouldst have liked 
to be there.) 

Then the turner brought the little table, and said, 
^^ Now, dear brother, speak to it." And scarcely had the 
carpenter said, '^ Table, cover thyself," than it was spread 
and amply covered with the most exquisite dishes. Then 
such a meal took place as the good tailor had never yet 
known in his house, and the whole party of kinsmen 
stayed together till far in the night, and were all merry 
and glad. The tailor locked away needle and thread, 
yardrmeasure and goose, in a press, and lived with his 
three sons in joy and splendor. 

(What, however, has become of the goat who was to 
blame for the tailor driving out his three sons ? That I 
will tell thee. She was ashamed that she had a bald 
head, and ran to a fox's hole and crept into it. When 
the fox came home, he was met by two great eyes shining 
out of the darkness, and was terrified and ran away. A 
bear met him, and as the fox looked quite disturbed, he 
said, '^ What is the matter with thee, brother Fox, why 
dost thou look like that?" ^^Ah," answered Redskin, 
'^ a fierce beast is in my cave and stared at me with its 
fiery eyes." "We will soon drive him out," said the 
bear, and went with him to the cave and looked in, but 
when he saw the fiery eyes, fear seized on him likewise ; 
he would have nothing to do with the furious beast, and 
took to his heels. The bee met him, and as she saw that 
he was ill at ease, she said, " Bear, thou art really pulling a 

204 



The Wishing-Table 

very pitiful face ; what has become of all thy gayety ? " 
" It is all very well for thee to talk," replied the bear; " a 
furious beast with staring eyes is in Redskin's house, 
and we can't drive him out." The bee said, " Bear, I 
pity thee ; I am a poor weak creature whom thou wouldst 
not turn aside to look at, but still, I believe, I can help 
thee." She flew into the fox's cave, lighted on the goat's 
smoothly-shorn head, and stung her so violently, that 
she sprang up, crying '* Meh, meh," and ran forth into the 
world as if mad, and to this hour no one knows where 
she has gone.) 



205 



PRINCESS ROSETTE 

ONCE upon a time there lived a King and Queen 
who had two beautiful sons and one little 
daughter, who was so pretty that no one who saw her 
could help loving her. When it was time for the 
christening of the Princess, the Queen  ^as she always 
did  ^sent for all the fairies to be present at the ceremony, 
and afterward invited them to a splendid banquet. 

When it was over, and they were preparing to go 
away, the Queen said to them : 

" Do not forget your usual good custom. Tell me 
what is going to happen to Rosette." 

For that was the name they had given the Princess. 

But the fairies said they had left their book of magic 
at home, and they would come another day and tell her. 

" Ah ! " said the Queen, " I know very well what 
that means  you have nothing good to say ; but at least 
I beg that you will not hide anything from me." 

So, after a great deal of persuasion, they said : 

" Madam, we fear that Rosette may be the cause of 
great misfortunes to her brothers ; they may even meet 
with their death through her ; that is all we have been 
able to foresee about your dear little daughter. We are 
very sorry to have nothing better to tell you." 

Then they went away, leaving the Queen very sad, 

206 



Princess Rosette 

so sad that the King noticed it, and asked her what was 
the matter. 

The Queen said that she had been sitting too near 
the fire, and had burned all the flax that was upon her 
distaff. 

^* Oh ! is that all ? '* said the King, and he went up 
into the garret and brought her down more flax than she 
could spin in a hundred years. But the Queen still 
looked sad, and the King asked her again what was the 
matter. She answered that she had been walking by the 
river and had dropped one of her green satin slippers 
into the water. 

" Oh ! if that's all," said the King, and he sent to all 
the shoemakers in his kingdom, and they very soon made 
the Queen ten thousand green satin slippers, but still she 
looked sad. So the King asked her again what was the 
matter, and this time she answered that in eating her 
porridge too hastily she had swallowed her wedding-ring. 
But it so happened that the King knew better, for he 
had the ring himself, and he said : 

" Oh ! you are not telling me the truth, for I have 
your ring here in my' purse." 

Then the Queen was very much ashamed, and she 
saw that the King was vexed with her ; so she told him 
all that the fairies had predicted about Rosette, and 
begged him to think how the misfortunes might be pre- 
vented. 

Then it was the King's turn to look sad, and at last 

he said : 

207 



Fairy Tales 



^' I see no way of saving our sons except by having 
Rosette's head cut oiF while she is still little." 

But the Queen cried that she would far rather have 
her own head cut off, and that he had better think of 
something else^ for she would never consent to such a 
thing. So they thought and thought, but they could 
not tell what to do, until at last the Queen heard that in 
a great forest near the castle there was an old hermit, who 
lived in a hollow tree, and that people came from far and 
near to consult him ; so she said : 

^^ I had better go and ask his advice ; perhaps he will 
know what to do to prevent the misfortunes which the 
fairies foretold." 

She set out very early the next morning, mounted 
upon a pretty little white mule, which was shod with solid 
gold, and two of her ladies rode behind her on beautiful 
horses. When they reached the forest they dismounted, 
for the trees grew so thickly that the horses could not 
pass, and made their way on foot to the hollow tree 
where the hermit lived. At first when he saw them 
coming he was vexed, for he was not fond of ladies ; but 
when he recognized the Queen, he said : 

" You are welcome. Queen. What do you come to 
ask of me ? " 

Then the Queen told him all the fairies had foreseen 
for Rosette, and asked what she should do, and the 
hermit answered that she must shut the Princess up in a 
tower and never let her come out of it again. The Queen 
thanked and rewarded him, and hastened back to the 

208 



Princess Rosette 

castle to tell the King. When he heard the news he had 
a great tower built as quickly as possible, and there the 
Princess was shut up, and the King and Queen and her 
two brothers went to see her every day that she might 
not be dull. The eldest brother was called ** the Great 
Prince," and die second " the Little Prince." They 
loved their sister dearly, for she was the sweetest, prettiest 
princess who was ever seen, and the least little smile 
from her was worth mooe than a hundred pieces of gold 
When Rosette was fifteen years old the Great Prince 
went to the King and asked if it would not soon be time 
for her to be married, and the Little Prince put the same 
question to the Queen. 

Their majesties were amused at them for thinking of 
it, but did not make any reply, and soon after both the 
King and the Queen were taken ill, and died on the same 
day. Everybody was sorry. Rosette especially, and all 
the bells in the kingdom were tolled. 

Then all the dukes and counsellors put the Great 
Prince upon a golden throne, and crowned him with a 
diamond crown, and they all cried, ** Long live the 
King ! " And after that there was nothing but feasting 
and rejoicing. 

The new King and his brother said to one another : 

** Now that we are the masters, let us take our sister 
out of that dull tower which she is so tired of." 

They had only to go across the garden to reach the 
tower, which was very high, and stood up in a cornen 
Rosette was busy at her embroidery, but when she saw 

J . VoL 4 



Fairy Tales 

her brothers she got up^ and taking the King's hand 
cried : 

'' Good morning, dear brother. Now that you are 
King, please take me out of this dull tower, for I am so 
tired of it." 

Then she began to cry, but the King kissed her and 
told her to dry her tears, as that was just what they had 
come for, to take her out of the tower and bring her to 
their beautiful castle, and the Prince showed her the 
pocketful of sugar plums he had brought for her, and 
said : 

'* Make haste, and let us get away from this ugly 
tower, and very soon the King will arrange a grand 
marriage for you.'* 

When Rosette saw the beautiful garden, full of fruit 
and flowers, with green grass and sparkling fountains, 
she was so astonished that not a word could she say, 
for she had never in her life seen anything like it before. 
She looked about her, and ran hither and thither gather- 
ing fruit and flowers, and her little dog Frisk, who was 
bright green all over, and had but one ear, danced before 
her, crying " Bow-wow-wow," and turning head over 
heels in the most enchanting way. 

Everybody was amused at Frisk's antics, but all of a 
sudden he ran away into a little wood, and the Princess 
was following him, when, to her great delight, she saw a 
peacock, who was spreading his tail in the sunshine. 
Rosette thought she had never seen anything so pretty. 
She could nqt take her eyes off him, and there she stood 

a ID 



Princess Rosette 

entranced until the King and the Prince came up and 
asked what was amusing her so much. She showed 
them the peacock, and asked what it was, and they 
answered that it was a bird which people sometimes 
ate. 

" What ! *' said the Princess, " do they dare to kill 
that beautiful creature and eat it ? I declare that I will 
never marry any one but the King of the Peacocks, and 
when I am Queen I will take very good care that no- 
body eats any of my subjects." 

At this the King was very much astonished. 

'' But, little sister," said he, '* where shall we find the 
King of the Peacocks ? " 

" Oh ! wherever you like, sire," she answered, " but 
I will never marry any one else." 

After this they took Rosette to the. beautiful castle, 
and the peacock was brought with her, and told to walk 
about on the terrace outside her windows, so that she 
might always see him, and then the ladies of the court 
came to see the Princess, and they brought her beautiful 
presents  dresses and ribbons and sweetmeats, diamonds 
and pearls and dolls and embroidered slippers, and she 
was so well brought up, and said, " Thank you ! " so 
prettily, and was so gracious, that every one went away 
delighted with her. 

Meanwhile the King and the Prince were considering 
how they should find the King of the Peacocks, if there 
was such a person in the world. And first of all they 
had a portrait made of the Princess, which was so like 

211 



Fairy Tales 

her that you really would not have been surprised if it 
had spoken to you. Then they said to her : 

'^ Since you will not marry anyone but the King of 
the Peacocks, we are going out together into the wide 
world to search for him. If we find him for you we shall 
be very glad. In the meantime, mind you take good 
care of our kingdom/' 

Rosette thanked them for all the trouble they were 
taking on her account, and promised to take great care of 
the kingdom, and only to amuse herself by looking at the 
peacock, and making Frisk dance while they were away. 

So they set out, and asked everyone they met  

" Do you know the King of the Peacocks ? " 

But the answer was always, " No, no." 

Then they went on and on, so far that no one has 
ever been further, and at last they came to the Kingdom 
of the Cockchafers. 

They had never before seen such a number of cock- 
chafers, and the buzzing was so loud that the King was 
afraid he should be deafened by it. He asked the most 
distinguished-looking cockchafer they met if he knew 
where they could find the King of the Peacocks. 

" Sire," replied the cockchafer, " his kingdom is thirty 
thousand leagues from this; you have come the longest 
way." 

^' And how do you know that i " said the King. 

" Oh ! " said the cockchafer, " we all know you very 
well, since we spend two or three months in your garden 
every year." 

212 



Princess Rosette 

Thereupon the King and the Prince made great 
friends with him, and they all walked arm-in*arm and 
dined together, and afterward the cockchafer showed 
them all the curiosities of his strange country, where the 
tiniest green leaf costs a gold piece and more. Then 
they set out again to finish their journey, and this time, 
8S they knew the way^ they were not long upon the road. 
It was easy to guess that they had come to the right 
place, for they saw peacocks in every tree, and their cries 
eould be heard a long way off. 

When they reached the city they found it full of men 
and women who were dressed entirely in peacocks* 
feathers, which were evidently thought prettier than any* 
thing else. 

They soon met the King, who was driving about in 
a beautiful little golden carriage which glittered with dia- 
monds, and was drawn at full speed by twelve peacocks. 
The King and the Prince were delighted to see that the 
King of the Peacocks was as handsome as possible. He 
had curly golden hair and was very pale, and he wore a 
crown of peacocks' feathers. 

When he saw Rosette's brothers he knew at once 
that they were strangers, and stopping his carriage he 
sent for them to speak to him. When they had greeted 
him they said : 

* Sire, we have come from very far away to show you 
a beautiful portrait." 

So saying they drew from their travelling bag the 

picture of Rosette. 

213 



Fairy Tales 



The King looked at it in silence a long time, but at 
last he said : 

'^ I could not have believed that there was such a 
beautiful Princess in the world ! " 

*' Indeed, she is really a hundred times as pretty as 
that/' said her brothers. 

'* I think you must be making fun of me," replied 
the King of the Peacocks. 

" Sire," said the Prince, ^^ my brother is a King, like 
yourself. He is called 'the King,' I am called 'the 
Prince^* and that is the portrait of our sister, the Princess 
Rosette. We have come to ask if you would like to 
marry her. She is as good as she is beautiful, and we 
will give her a bushel of gold pieces for her dowry." 

" Oh ! with all my heart," replied the King, " and I" 
will make her very happy. She shall have whatever she 
likes, and I shall love her dearly ; only I warn you that 
if she is not as pretty as you have told me, I will have 
your heads cut off." 

"Oh! certainly, we quite agree to that," said the 
brothers in one breath. 

" Very well. Off with you into prison, and stay 
there until the Princess arrives," said the King of the 
Peacocks. 

And the Princes were so sure that Rosette was far 
prettier than her portrait that they went without a mur- 
mur. They were very kindly treated, and that they 
might not feel dull the King came often to see them. 
As for Rosette's portrait that was taken up to the palace, 

214 



Princess Rosette 

and the King did nothing but gaze at it all day and all 
night. 

As the King and the Prince had to stay in prison, 
they sent a letter to the Princess telling her to pack up 
all her treasures as quickly as possible, and come to them, 
as the King of the Peacocks was waiting to marry her ; 
but they did not say that they were in prison, for fear of 
making her uneasy. 

When Rosette received the letter she was so delighted 
that she ran about telling every one that the King of the 
Peacocks was found, and she was going to marry him. 

Guns were fired, and fireworks let off. Every one 
had as many cakes and sweetmeats as he wanted. And 
for three days everybody who came to see the Princess 
was presented with a slice of bread-and-jam, a nightin- 
gale's egg, and some hippocras. After having thus 
entertained her friends, she distributed her dolls aniong 
them, and left her brother's kingdom to the care of the 
wisest old men of the city, telling them to take charge of 
everything, not to spend any money, but save it all up 
until the King should return, and above all, not to for- 
get to feed her peacock. Then she set out, only taking 
with her her nurse, and the nurse's daughter, and the 
little green dog Frisk. 

They took a boat and put out to sea, carrying with 
them the bushel of gold pieces, and enough dresses 
to last the Princess ten years if she wore two every day, 
and they did nothing but laugh and sing. The nurse 
asked the boatman : 

215 



Fairy Tales 



 



Can you take us, can you take us to the kingdom 
of the peacocks ? " 

But he answered : 

**Ohno! oh no!" 

Then she said : 

" You must take us, you must take us." 

And he answered : 

" Very soon, very soon." 

Then the nurse said : 

" Will you take us ? will you take us ? " 

And the boatman answered : 

"Yes, yes." 

Then she whispered in his ear : 

" Do you want to make ypur fortune ? " 

And he said : 

" Certainly I do." 

" I can tell you how to get a bag of gold," said she* 

" I ask nothing better," said the boatman. 

" Well," said the nurse, " to-night, when the Princess 
is asleep, you must help me to throw her into the sea, 
and when she is drowned I will put her beautiful clothea 
upon my daughter, and we will take her to the King of 
the Peacocks, who will be only too glad to marry her, 
and as your reward you shall have your boat full of 
diamonds." 

The boatman was very much surprised at this pro- 
posal, and said : 

"But what a pity to drown such a pretty Prin- 
cess!" 

ai6 



Princess Rosette 

However, at last the nurse persuaded him to help 
her, and when the night came and the Princess was fast 
asleep as usual, with Frisk curled up on his own 
cushion at the foot of her bed, the wicked nurse fetched 
the boatman and her daughter, and between them they 
picked up the Princess, feather bed, mattress, pillows, 
blankets and all, and threw her into the sea, without even 
waking her. Now, luckily, the Princess's bed was en- 
tirely stuffed with phcenix feathers, which are very rare, 
and have the property of always floating upon water, so 
Rosette went on swimming about as if she had been in a 
boat. After a little while she began to feel very cold, 
and turned round so often that she woke Frisk, who 
started up, and, having a very good nose, smelt the soles 
and herrings so close to him that he began to bark. He 
barked so long and so loud that he woke all the other 
fish, who came swimming up round the Princess's bed, 
and poking at it with their great heads. As for her, she 
said to herself: 

'* How our boat does rock upon the water ! I am 
really glad that I am not often as uncomfortable as I 
have been to-night." 

The wicked nurse and the boatman, who were by this 
time quite a long way off, heard Frisk barking, and said 
to each other : 

^' That horrid little animal and his mistress are drink- 
ing our health in sea-water now. Let us make haste to 
land, for we must be quite near the city of the King of 
the Peacocks." 

317 



Fairy Talcs 

The King had sent a hundred carriages to meet them, 
drawn by every kind of strange animal. There were 
lions, bears, wolves, stags, horses, buffaloes, eagles, and 
peacocks. The carriage intended for the Princess Rosette 
had six blue monkeys, which could turn summersaults, 
and dance on a tight-rope, and do many other charming 
tricks. Their harness was all of crimson velvet with gold 
buckles, and behind the carriage walked sixty beautiAil 
ladies chosen by the King to wait upon Rosette and 
amuse her. 

The nurse had taken all the pains imaginable to deck 
out her daughter. She put on her Rosette's prettiest 
frock, and covered her with diamonds from head to foot. 
But she was so ugly that nothing could make her look 
nice, and what was worse, she was sulky and ill-tempered, 
and did nothing but grumble all the time. 

When she stepped from the boat and the escort seat 
by the King of the Peacocks caught sight of her, they 
were so surprised that they could not say a single 
word. 

" Now then, look alive," cried the false Princess. " If 
you don't bring me something to eat 1 will have all your 
heads cut off^l " 

Then they whispered one to another : 

'^ Here's a pretty state of things ! she is as wicked as 
she is ugly. What a bride for our poor King ! She cer- 
tainly was not worth bringing from the other end of the 
worid ! " 

But she went on ordering them all about, and for no 

218 



Princess Rosette 

fault at all would give slaps and pinches to every one she 
could reach. 

As the procession was so long it advanced but slowly, 
and the nurse's daughter sat up in her carriage trying to 
look like a Queen. But the peacocks, who were sitting 
upon every tree waiting to salute her, and who had made 
up their minds to cry, " Long live our beautiful Queen ! " 
when they caught sight of the false bride could not help 
crying instead : 

" Oh ! how ugly she is ! " 

Which offended her so much that she said to the 
guards: 

** Make haste and kill all these insolent peacocks who 
have dared to insult me." 

But the peacocks only flew away, laughing at her. 

The rogue of a boatman, who noticed all this, said 
softly to the nurse : 

'* This is a bad business for us, gossip ; yoUr daughter 
ought to have been prettier." 

But she answered : 

" Be quiet, stupid, or you will spoil everything." 

Now they told the King that the Princess was ap- 
proaching. 

" Well," said he, " did her brothers tell me truly ? 
Is she prettier than the portrait ? " 

"Sire," they answered, "if she were as pretty thnr 
would do very well." 

" That's true," said the King ; " I for one shall be 

quite satisfied if she is. Let us go and meet her." For 

219 



Fairy Tales 

they knew by the uproar that she had arrived but they 
could not tell what all the shouting was about. The 
King thought he could hear the words : 

^' How ugly she is ! how ugly she is 1 " and he fancied 
they must refer to some dwarf the Princess was bringing 
with her. It never occurred to faim that they could 
apply to the bride herself. 

The Princess Rosette's portrait was carried at the 
head of the procession, and after it walked the King sur- 
rounded by his courtiers. He was all impatience to see the 
lovely Princess, but when he caught sight of the nurse's 
daughter he was furiously angry, and would not advance 
another step. For she was really ugly enough to have 
frightened anybody. 

^' What ! " he cried, " have the two rascals who are 
my prisoners dared to play me such a trick as this i Do 
they propose that I shall marry this hideous creature? 
Let her be shut up in my great tower, with her nurse 
and those who brought her here ; and as for them, I will 
have their heads cut off." 

Meanwhile the King and the Prince, who knew that 
their sister must have arrived, had made themselves 
smart, and sat expecting every minute to be summoned 
to greet her. So when the jailer came with soldiers, 
and carried them down into a black dungeon which 
swarmed with toads and bats, and where they were up to 
their necks in water, nobody could have been more sur- 
prised and dismayed than they were. 

^^ This is a dismal kind of wedding," they said ; '^ what 

220 



Princess Rosette 

can have happened that we should be treated like this ? 
They must mean to kill us." 

And this idea annoyed them very much. Three 
days passed before they heard any news, and then the 
King of the Peacocks came and berated them through 
a hole in the wall. 

" You have called yourselves King and Prince," he 
cried, '* to try and make me marry your sister, but you 
are nothing but beggars, not worth the water you drink. 
I mean to make short work with you, and the sword is 
being sharpened that will cut off your heads ! " 

" King of the Peacocks," answered the King angrily, 
^' you had better take care what you are about. I am as 
good a King as yourself, and have a splendid kingdom 
and robes and crowns, and plenty of good red gold to do 
what I like with. You are pleased to jest about having 
our heads cut off; perhaps you think we have stolen 
something from you ? " 

At first the King of the Peacocks was taken aback 
by this bold speech, and had half a mind to send them 
all away together; but his Prime Minister declared that 
it would never do to let such a trick as that pass unpun- 
ished, everybody would laugh at him ; so the accusation 
was drawn up against them, that they were impostors, 
and that they had promised the King a beautiful Princess 
in marriage who, when she arrived, proved to be an ugly 
peasant girl. 

This accusation was read to the prisoners, who cried 
oat that they had spoken the truth, that their sister was 

221 



Fairy Tales 

indeed a Princess more beautiful than the day, and that 
there was some mystery about all this which they could 
not fathom. Therefore they demanded seven days in 
which to prove their innocence. The King of the Pea- 
cocks was so angry that he would hardly even grant them 
this favor, but at last he was persuaded to do so. 

While all this was going on at court, let us see what 
had been happening to the real Princess. When the day 
broke she and Frisk were equally astonished at finding 
themselves alone upon the sea, with no boat and no 
one to help them. The Princess cried and cried, until 
even the fishes were sorry for her. 

*' Alas ! " she said, " the King of the Peacocks must 
have ordered me to be thrown into the sea because he 
had changed his mind and did not want to marry 
me. But how strange of him, when I should have 
loved him so much, and we should have been so happy 
together ! " 

And then she cried harder than ever, for she could 
not help still loving him. So for two days they floated 
up and down the sea, wet and shivering with *the cold, 
and so hungry that when the Princess saw some oysters 
she caught them, and she and Frisk both ate some, 
though they didn't like them at all. When night came 
the Princess was so frightened that she said to Frisk : 

'' Oh !^ Do please keep on barking for fear the soles 
should come and eat us up ! " 

Now it happened that they had floated close in to the 
shore, where a poor old man lived all alone in a little 

222 



Princess Rosette 

cottage. When he heard Frisk's barking he thought to 
himself : 

" There must have been a shipwreck ! " (for no dogs 
ever passed that way by any chance), and he went out to 
see if he could be of any use. He soon saw the Prin- 
cess and Frisk floating up and down, and Rosette, 
stretching out her hands to him, cried : 

" Oh ! Good old man, do save me, or I shall die of 
cold and hunger ! " 

When he heard her cry out so piteously he was very 
sorry for her, and ran back into his house to fetch a long 
boat-hook. Then he waded into the water up to his 
chin, and after being neariy drowned once or twice he at 
last succeeded in getting hold of the Princess's bed and 
dn^ging it on shore. 

Rosette and Frisk were joyful enough to find them- 
selves once more on dry land, and the Princess thanked 
the old man heartily ; then, wrapping herself up in her 
blankets, she daintily picked her way up to the cottage 
on her little bare feet. There the old man lighted a fire 
of straw, and then drew from an old box his wife's dress 
and shoes, which the Princess put on, and thus roughly 
clad looked as charming as possible, and Frisk danced 
his very best to amuse her. 

The old man saw that Rosette must be some great 
lady, for her bed coverings were all of satin and gold. 
He begged that she would tell him all her history, as 
she might safely trust him. The Princess told him | 

everything, weeping bitterly again at the thought that it 

223 I 



I 



Fairy Tales 

WM by the King's orders that she had been thrown over- 
board. 

" And now, my daughter, what is to be done i " said 
the old man. '^ You are a great Princess, accustomed to 
^e daintily, and I have nothing to offer you but black 
bread and radishes, which will not suit you at all. Shall 
I go and tell the King of the Peacocks that you are 
here ? If he sees you he will certainly wish to marry 
you." 

" Oh no ! " cried Rosette, " he must be wicked, since 
he tried to drown me. Don't let us tell him, but if you 
have a little basket give it to me." 

The old man gave her a basket, and tying it round 
Frisk's neck she said to him : ^^ Go and find out the best 
cooking-pot in the town and bring the contents to me." 

Away went Frisk, and as there was no better dinner 
cooking in all the town than the King's, he adroitly took 
the cover off the pot and brought all it contained to the 
Princess, who said : 

" Now go back to the pantry, and bring the best of 
everything you find there." 

So Frisk went back and filled his basket with white 
bread, and red wine, and every kind of sweetmeat, until 
it was almost too heavy for him to carry. 

When the King of the Peacocks wanted his dinner 

there was nothing in the pot and nothing in the pantry. 

All the courtiers looked at one another in dismay, and 

the King was terribly cross. 

" Oh well ! " he said, " if there is no dinner I cannot 

224 



Princess Rosette 

dine^ but take care that plenty of things are roasted for 
supper." 

When evening came the Princess said to Frisk : 

'^ Go into the town and find out the best kitchen, and 
bring me all the nicest morsels that are being roasted 
upon the spit." 

Frisk did as he was told, and as he knew of no better 
kitchen than the King's, he went in softly, and when the 
cook's back was turned took everything that was upon 
the spit. As it happened it was all done to a turn, and 
looked so good that it made him hungry only to see it. 
He carried his basket to the Princess, who at once sent 
him back to the pantry to bring all the tarts and sugar 
plums that had been prepared for the King's supper. 

The King, as he had had no dinner, was very hungry 
and wanted his supper early, but when he asked for it, lo 
and behold it was all gone, and he had to go to bed half- 
starved and in a terrible temper. The next day the same 
thing happened, and the next, so that for three days the 
King got nothing at all to eat, because just when the 
dinner or the supper was ready to be served it mysteri* 
ously disappeared. At last the Prime Minister began to 
be afraid that the King would be starved to death, so he 
resolved to hide himself in some dark corner of the 
kitchen, and never take his eyes off the cooking-pot 
His surprise was great when he presently saw a little 
green dog with one ear slip softly into the kitchen, un- 
cover the pot, transfer all its contents to his basket, and 
run off. The Prime Minister followed hastily, and 

22S 



Fairy Tales 

tracked him all through the town to the cottage of the 
good old man ; then he ran back to the King and told 
him that he had found out where all his dinners and 
suppers went. The King, who was very much aston- 
ished, said he should like to go and see for himself. So 
he set out, accompanied by the Prime Minister and a 
guard of archers, and arrived just in time to find the old 
man and the Princess finishing his dinner. 

The King ordered that they should be seized and 
bound with^ropes, and Frisk also. 

When they were brought back to the palace some 
one told the King, who said : 

"To-day is the last day of the respite granted to 
those impostors ; they shall have their heads cut off at 
the same time as these stealers of my dinner." Then 
the old man went down on his knees before the King 
and begged for time to tell him everything. While he 
spoke the King for the first time looked attentively at 
the Princess, because he was sorry to see how she cried, 
and when he heard the old man saying that her name 
was Rosette, and that she had been treacherously thrown 
into the sea, he turned head over heels three times with- 
out stopping, in spite of being quite weak from hunger, 
and ran to embrace her, and untied the ropes which 
bound her with his own hands, declaring that he loved 
her virith all his heart. 

Messengers were sent to bring the Princes out of 
prison, and they came very sadly, believing that they 
were to be executed at once : the nurse and her daughter 

226 



Princess Rosette 

and the boatman were brought also. As soon as they 
came in Rosette ran to embrace her brothers, while the 
traitors threw themselves down before her and begged 
for mercy. The King and the Princes were so happy 
that they freely forgave them, and as for the good old 
man he was splendidly rewarded, and spent the rest of 
his days in the palace. The King of the Peacocks made 
ample amends to the King and Prince for the way in 
which they had been treated, and did everything in his 
power to show how sorry he was. 

The niirse restored to Rosette all her dresses and 
jewels, and the bushel of gold pieces ; the wedding was 
held at once, and they all lived happily ever after even 
to Frisk, who enjoyed the greatest luxury, and never had 
anything worse than the wing of a partridge for dinner 
all the rest of his life. 



227 



THE ENCHANTED PIG 

ONCE upon a time there lived a King who had three 
daughters. Now it happened that he had to go 
out to battle, so he called his daughters and said to 
them : 

'^ My dear children, I am obliged to go to the wars. 
The enemy is approaching us with a large army. It is a 
great grief to me to leave you all. During my absence 
take care of yourselves and be good girls ; behave well 
and look after everything in the house. You may walk 
in the garden, and you may go into all the rooms in the 
palace, except the room at the back in the right-hand 
corner; into that you must not enter, for harm would 
befall you." 

You may keep your mind easy, father," they replied. 
We have never been disobedient to you. Go in peace, 
and may Heaven give you a glorious victory ! " 

When everything was ready for his departure, the 
King gave them the keys of all the rooms and reminded 
them once more of what he had said. His daughters 
kissed his hands with tears in their eyes, and wished him 
prosperity, and he gave the eldest the keys. 

Now when the girls found themselves alone they felt 
so sad and dull that they did not know what to do. So, 
to pass the time, they decided to work for part of the 

228 






The Enchanted Pig 



day, to read for part of the day, and to enjoy themselves 
kk the garden for part of the day. As long as they did 
this all went well with them. But this happy state of 
things did not last long. Every day they grew more 
and more curious, and you will see what the end of that 
was. 

** Sisters," said the eldest Princess, " all day long we 
sew, spin, and read. We have been several days quite 
alone, and there is no corner of the garden that we have 
not explored. We have been in all the rooms of our 
father's palace, and have admired the rich and beautiful 
furniture : why should not we go into the room that 
our father forbade us to enter ? " 

" Sister," said the youngest, " I cannot think how 
you can tempt us to break our father's command. When 
he told us not to go into that room he must have known 
what he was saying, and have had a good reason for 
saying it." 

'^ Surely the sky won't fall about our heads if we Jo 
go in," said the second Princess. '* Dragons and such 
like monsters that would devour us will not be hidden 
in the room. And how will our hther ever find out that 
we have gone in ? " 

While they were speaking thus^ encouraging each 
other, they had reached the room ; the eldest fitted the 
key into the lock, and snap ! the door stood open. 

The three girls entered, and what do vou think they 
saw? 

The room was quite empty, and without any orna- 

229 



Fairy Tales 

jnent, but in the middle stood a large table, with a gor- 
geous cloth, and on it lay a big open book. 

Now the Princesses were curious to know what was 
written in the book, especially the eldest, and this is what 
she read : 

" The eldest daughter of this King will marry a 
prince from the East.*' 

Then the second girl stepped forward, and turning 
over the page she read : 

'^ The second daughter of this King will marry a 
prince from the West." 

The girls were delighted, and laughed and teased 
each other. 

But the youngest Princess did not want to go near 
the table or to open the book. Her elder sisters, how- 
ever, left her no peace, and will she, nill she, they 
dragged her up to the table, and in fear and trembling 
she turned over the page and read : 

*^ The youngest daughter of this King will be married 
to a pig from the North." 

Now, if a thunderbolt had fallen upon her from 
heaven it would not have frightened her more. 

She almost died of misery, and if her sisters had not 
held her up, she would have sunk to the ground and cut 
her head open. 

When she came out of the fainting fit into which she 
had fallen in her terror, her sisters tried to comfort her, 
saying : 

^' How can you believe such nonsense ? When 

230 



The Enchanted Pig 

did it ever happen that a king's daughter married 

a pig?" 

" What a baby you are ! " said the other sister ; " has 

not our father enough soldiers to protect you, even if 

the disgusting creature did come to woo you ? " 

The youngest Princess would fain have let herself be 
convinced by her sisters' words, and have believed what 
they said, but her heart was heavy. Her thoughts kept 
turning to the book, in which stood written that great 
happiness waited her sisters, but that a &te was in store 
for her such as had never before been known in the 
world. 

Besides, the thought weighed on her heart that she 
had been guilty of disobeying her father. She began to 
get quite ill, and in a few days she was so changed that it 
was difficult to recognize her; formerly she had been 
rosy and merry, now she was pale and nothing gave her 
any pleasure. She gave up playing with her sisters in 
the garden, ceased to gather flowers to put in her hair, 
and never sang when they sat together at their spinning 
and sewing. 

In the meantime the King won a great victory, and 
having completely defeated and driven off the enemy, he 
hurried home to his daughters, to whom his thoughts 
had constantly turned. Every one went out to meet 
him with cymbals and fifes and drums, and there was 
great rejoicing over his victorious return. The King's 
first act on reaching home was to thank Heaven for the 
victory he had gained over the enemies who had risen 

231 



Fairy Tales 

sgainst him. He then entered his palace, and the three 
Princesses stepped forward to meet him. His joy was 
great when he saw that they were all well, for the young- 
est did her best not to appear sad. 

In spite of this, however, it was not long before the 
Kir^ noticed that his third daughter was getting very 
thin and sad-looking. And all of a sudden he felt as if 
a hot iron were entering his soul, for it flashed through 
his mind that she had disobeyed his word. He felt sure 
he was right; but to be quite certain he called his 
daughters to him, questioned them, and ordered them to 
speak the truth. They confessed everything, but took good 
care not to say which had led the other intx> temptation. 

The King was so distressed when he heard it that he 
was almost overcome by grief. But he took heart and 
tried to comfort his daughters, who looked frightened to 
death. He saw that what had happened had happened, 
and that a thousand words would not alter matters by a 
hair's-breadth. 

Well, these events had almost been forgotten when 
one fine day a prince from the East appeared at the 
G>urt and asked the King for the hand of his eldest 
daughter. The King gladly gave his consent. A great 
wedding banquet was prepared, and after three days of 
feasting the happy psur were accompanied to the frontier 
with much ceremony and rej<cing. 

After some time the same thing befell the second 
daughter, who was wooed and won by a prince from the 
West. 

232 



The Enchanted Pig 

Now when the young Princess saw that everything 
fell out exactly as had been written in the book, she grew 
very sad. She refused to eat, and would not put on her 
fine clothes nor go out walking, and declared that she 
would rather die than become a laughing-stock to the 
world. But the King would not allow her to do anything 
so wrong, and he comforted her in all possible ways. 

So the time passed, till lo and behold ! one fine day 
an enormous pig from the North walked into the palace, 
and going straight up to the King said, '^ Hail ! oh King. 
May your life be as prosperous and bright as sunrise on 
a clear day ! " 

" I am glad to see you well, friend," answered the 
King, ** but what wind has brought you hither ? " 

** I come a-wooing," replied the Pig. 

Now the King was astonished to hear so fine a speech 
from a Pig, and at once it occurred to him that something 
strange was the matter. He would gladly have turned 
the Pig's thoughts in another direction, as he did not 
wish to give him the Princess for a wife ; but when he 
heard that the Court and the whole street were full of 
all the pigs in the world he saw that there was no escape, 
and that he must give his consent. The Pig was not 
satisfied with mere promises, but insisted that the wed- 
ding should take place within a week, and would not go 
away till the King had sworn a royal oath upon it. 

The King then sent for his daughter, and advised her 
to submit to fate, as there was nothing else to be done* 
And he added : 



Fairy Tales 

" My child, the words and whole behavior.of this Pig 
are quite unlike those of other pigs. I do not myself be- 
lieve that he always was a pig. Depend upon it some 
magic or witchcraft has been at work. Obey him, and do 
everything that he wishes, and I feel sure that Heaven 
will shortly send you release." 

" If you wish me to do this, dear father, I will do it," 
replied the girl. 

In the meantime the wedding-day drew nean After 
the marriage, the Pig and his bride set out for his home 
in one of the royal carriages. On the way they passed 
a great bog, and the Pig ordered the carriage to stop, 
and got out and rolled about in the mire till he was cov- 
ered with mud from head to foot; then he got back 
into the carriage and told his wife to kiss him. What 
was the poor girl to do ? She bethought herself of her 
Other's words, and, pulling out her pocket handkerchief, 
she gently wiped the Pig's snout and kissed it. 
' By the time they reached the Pig's dwelling, which 
stood in a thick wood, it was quite dark. They sat 
down quietly for a little, as they were tired after their 
drive ; then they had supper together, and lay down to 
rest. During the night the Princess noticed that the 
Pig had changed into a man. She was not a little sur- 
prised, but remembering her father's words, she took 
courage, determined to wait and see w4iat would happen. 

And now she noticed that every night the Pig be- 
came a man, and every morning he was changed into a 
Pig before she awoke. This happened several nights 

234 



The Enchanted Pig 

running, and the Princess could not understand it at all. 
Clearly her husband must be bewitched. In time she 
grew quite fond of him, he was so kind and gentle. 

One fine day as she was sitting alone she saw an old 
witch go past. She felt quite excited, as it was so long 
since she had seen a human being, and she called out to 
the old woman to come and talk to her. Among other 
things the witch told her that she understood all magic 
arts, and that she could foretell the future, and knew the 
healing powers of herbs and plants. 

'' I shall be grateful to you all my life, old dame," 
said the Princess, '^ if you will tell me what is the matter 
with my husband. Why is he a Pig by day and a human 
being by night ? " 

'^ I was just going to tell you that one thing, my dear, 
to show you what a good fortune-teller I am. If you 
like, I will give you a herb to break the spell." . 

" If you will only give it to me," said the Princess, 
'* I will give you anything you choose to ask for, for I 
cannot bear to see him in this state." 

" Here, then, my dear child," said the witch, " take 
this thread, but do not let him know about it, for if he 
did it would lose its healing power. At night, when he 
is asleep, you must get up very quietly, and fasten the 
thread round his left foot as firmly as possible ; and you 
will see in the morning he will not have changed back 
into a Pig, but will still be a man. I do not want any 
reward. I shall be sufficiently repaid by knowing that 
you are happy. It almost breaks my heart to think of 

235 



Fairy Tales 

all you have suffered, and I only wish I had known it 
sooner, as I should have come to your rescue at once." 

When the old witch had gone away the Princess hid 
the thread very carefully, and at night she got up quietly, 
and with a beating heart she bound the thread round her 
husband's foot. Just as she was pulling the knot tight 
there was a crack, and the thread broke, for it was rotten. 

Her husband awoke with a start, and said to her, 
" Unhappy woman, what have you done ? Three days 
more and this unholy spell would have &llen from me, 
and now, who knows how long I may have to go about 
in this disgusting shape ? I must leave you at once, and 
we shall not meet again until you have worn out three 
pairs of iron shoes and blunted a steel staff in your search 
for me." So saying he disappeared. 

NoWy when the Princess was left alone she began to 
weep and moan in away that was pitiful to hear; but 
when she saw that her tears and groans did her no good^ 
she got up, determined to go wherever fate should lead 
her. 

'' On reaching a town, the first thing she did was to 

order three pairs of iron sandals and a steel staff, and 

having made these preparations for her journey, she set 

out in search of her husband. On and on she wandered 

over nine seas and across nine continents ; through forests 

with trees whose stems were as thick as beer-barrels ; 

stumbling and knocking herself against the fallen 

branches, then picking herself up and going on ; the 

boughs of the trees hit her &ce, and the shrubs tore her 

236 



The Enchanted Pig 

hands, but on she went, and never looked back. At 
last, wearied with her long journey and worn out and 
overcome with sorrow, but still with hope at her heart, 
the reached a house. 

Now who do you think lived there ? The Moon. 

The Princess knocked at the door, and begged to be 
let in that she might rest a little. The mother of the 
Moon, when she saw her sad pHght, felt a great pity for 
her, and took her in and nursed and tended her. And 
while she was here the Princess had a little baby. 

One day the mother of the Moon asked her : 

" How was it possible for you, a mortal, to get hither 
to the house of the Moon ? " 

Then the poor Princess told her all that happened to 
her, and added : " I shall always be thankful to Heaven 
ibr leading me hither, and grateful to you that you took 
pity on me and on iny baby, and did not leave us to die. 
Now I beg one last favor of you ; can your daughter, 
the Moon, tell me where my husband is ? " 

"She cannot tell you that, my child," replied the 
goddess, '^ but, if you will travel toward the East until 
you reach the dwelling of the Sun, he may be able to tell 
you something." 

Then she gave the Princess a roast chicken to eat, 
and warned her to be very careful not to lose any of the 
bones, because they might be of great use to her. 

When the Princess had thanked her once more -for 
her hospitality and for her good advice, and had thrown 
away one pair of shoes that were worn out, and had put 

237 



* 

Fairy Tales 

on a second pair, she tied up the chicken bones in a 
bundle, and taking her baby in her arms and her staff in 
her hand, she set out once more on her wanderings. 

On and on and on she went across bare sandy deserts, 
where the roads were so heavy that for every two steps 
that she took forward she fell back one ; but she struggled 
on till she had passed these dreary plains ; next she 
crossed high rocky mountains, jumping from crag to crag 
and from peak to peak. Sometimes she would rest for 
a little on a mountain, and then start afresh always 
further and further on. She had to cross swamps and to 
scale mountain peaks covered with flints, so that her feet 
and knees and elbows were all torn and bleeding, and 
sometimes she came to a precipice across which she could 
not jump, and she had to crawl round on hands and 
knees, helping herself along with, her staff. At length, 
wearied to death, she reached the palace in which the 
Sun lived. She knocked and begged for admission. The 
mother of the Sun opened the door, and was astonished 
at beholding a mortal from the distant earthly shores, 
and wept with pity when she heard of all she had suffered. 
Then, having promised to ask her son about the Prin- 
cess's husband, she hid her in the cellar, so that the Sun 
might notice nothing on his return home, for he was 
always in a bad temper when he came in at night. 

The next day the Princess feared that things would 
not go well with her, for the Sun had noticed that some 
one from the other world had been in the palace. But 
his mother had soothed him with soft words, assuring 

238 



 ~ 



The Enchanted Pig 

him that this was not so. So the Princess took heart 
when she saw how kindly she was treated, and asked : 

'' But how in the world is it possible for the Sun to 
be angry ? He is so beautiful and so good to mortals." 
This is how it happens," replied the Sun's mother. 
In the morning when he stands at the gates of paradise 
he is happy, and smiles on the whole world, but during 
the day he gets cross, because he sees all the evil deeds 
of men, and that is why his heat becomes so scorching ; 
but in the evening he is both sad and angry, for he 
stands at the gates of death ; that is his usual course. 
From there he comes back here.*' 

She then told the Princess that she had asked about 
her husband, but that her son had replied that he knew 
nothing about him, and that her only hope was to go and 
inquire of the Wind. 

Before the Princess left the mother of the Sun gave 
her a roast chicken to eat, and advised her to take great 
care of the bones, which she did, wrapping them up in a 
bundle. She then threw away her second pair of shoes, 
which were quite worn out, and with her child on her arm 
and her staff in her hand, she set forth on her way to the 
Wind. 

In these wanderings she met with even greater diffi- 
culties than before, for she came upon one mountain of 
flints after another, out of which tongues of fire would 
flame up ; she passed, through woods which had never 
been trodden by human foot, and had to cross fields of 
ice and avalanches of snow. The poor woman nearly 

239 



Fairy Tales 

died of these hardships, but she kept a brave heart, and 
at length she reached an enormous cave in the side of a 
mountain. This was where the Wind lived. There was 
a little door in the railing in frofit of the cave, and here 
the Princess knocked and begged for admission. The 
mother of the Wind had pity on her and took her in, 
that she might rest a little. Here too she was hidden 
away, so that the Wind might not notice her. 

The next morning the mother of the Wind told her 
that her husband was living in a thick wood, so thick 
that no axe had been able to cut a way through it ; here 
he had built himself a sort of house by placing trunks of 
trees together and fastening them with withes and here 
he lived alone, shunning humankind. 

After the mother of the Wind had given the Princess 
a chicken to eat, and had warned her to take care of the 
bones, she advised her to go by the Milky Way, which at 
night lies across the sky, and to wander on till she reached 
her goal. 

Having thanked the old woman with tears in her eyes 
for her hospitality, and for the good news she had given 
her, the Princess set out on her journey and rested neither 
night nor day, so great was her longing to see her hus- 
band again. On and on she walked until her last pair of 
shoes fell in pieces. So she threw them away and went 
on with bare feet, not heeding the bogs nor the thorns 
that wounded her, nor the stones that bruised her. At 
last she reached a beautiful green meadow on the edge 
of a wood. Her heart was cheered by the sight of the 

240 



The Enchanted Pig 

flowers and the soft cool grass, and she sat down and 
rested for a little. But hearing the birds chirping to 
their mates among the trees made her think with longing 
of her husband, and she wept bitterly, and taking her 
child in her arms, and her bundle of chicken bones on 
her shoulder, she entered the wood. 

For three days and three nights she struggled through 
it, but could find nothing. She was quite worn out with 
weariness and hunger, and even her staff was no further 
help to her, for in her many wanderings it had become 
quite blunted. She almost gave up in despair, but made 
one last great effort, and suddenly in a thicket she came 
upon the sort of house that the mother of the Wind had 
described. It had no windows, and the door was up in 
the roof. Round the house she went, in search of steps, 
but could find none. What was she to do ? How was 
she to get in ? She thought and thought, and tried in 
vain to climb up to the door. Then suddenly she be- 
thought her of the chicken bones that she had dragged all 
that weary way, and she said to herself: " They would 
not all have told me to take such good care of these 
bones if they had not had some good reason for doing 
so. Perhaps now, in my hour of need, they may be of 
use to me." 

. So she took the bones out of her bundle, and having 
thought for a moment, she placed the two ends together. 
To her surprise they stuck tight ; then she added the 
other bones, till she had two long poles, the height of the 
house ; these she placed against the wall, at a distance of 

241 



Fairy Tales 

a yard from one another. Across them she placed the 
other bones, piece by piece, like the steps of a ladder. As 
soon as one step was finished she stood upon it and made 
the next one, and then the next, till she was dose to the 
door. But just as she got near the top she noticed that 
there were no bones left for the last rung of the ladder. 
What was she to do ? Without that last step the whole 
ladder was useless. She must have lost one of the bones. 
Then suddenly an idea came to her. Taking a knife 
she chopped off her little finger, and placing it on the 
last step, it stuck as the bones had done. The ladder 
was complete, and with her child on her arm she entered 
the door of the house. Here she found everything in 
perfect order. Having taken some food, she laid the 
child down to sleep in a trough that was on the floor, 
and sat down herself to rest. 

When her husband, the Pig, came back to his house, 
he was startled by what he saw. At first he could not 
believe his eyes, and stared at the ladder of bones, and at 
the little finger on the top of it. He felt that some fresh 
magic must be at work, and in his terror he almost turned 
away from the house ; but then a better idea came to him, 
and he changed himself into a dove, so that no witchcraft 
could have power over him, and flew into the room with- 
out touching the ladder. Here he found a woman rocking 
a child. At the sight of her, looking so changed by all 
that she had suffered for his sake, his heart was moved 
by such love and longing and by so great a pity that he 
suddenly became a man. 

242 



The Enchanted Pig 

The Princess stood up when she saw him, and her 
heart beat with fear, for she did not know him. But 
when he had told her who he was, in her great joy she 
forgot all her sufferings, and they seemed as nothing to 
her. He was a very handsome man, as straight as a fir 
tree. They sat down together and she told him all her 
adventures, and he wept with pity at the tale. And then 
he told her his own history. 

^'I am a King's son. Once when my father was 
fighting against some dragons, who were the scourge of 
our country, I slew the youngest dragon. His mother, 
who was a witch, cast a spell over me and changed me 
into a Pig. It was she who in the disguise of an old 
woman gave you the thread to bind round my foot. So 
that instead of the three days that had to run before the 
spell was broken, I was forced to remain a Pig for three 
more years. Now that we have suffered for each other, 
and have found each other again, let us forget the past." 

And in their joy they kissed one another. 

Next morning they set out early to return to his 
father's kingdom. Great was the rejoicing of all the 
people when they saw him and his wife ; his father and 
his mother embraced them both, and there was feasting 
in the palace for three days and three nights. 

Then they set out to see her father. The old King 
nearly went out of his mind with joy at beholding his 
daughter again. When she had told him all her adven- 
tures, he said to her : 

*^ Did not I tell you that I was quite sure that that 

243 



Fairy Tales 

creature who wooed and won you as his wife had not 
been born a Pig? You see, my child, how wise you 
were in doing what I told you." 

And as the King was old and had no heirs, he put 
them on the throne in his place. And they ruled as 
only kings rule who have suffered many things. And 
if they are not dead they are still living and ruling 
happily. 



244 



BLUEBEARD 

ONCE upon a time there lived a man who was a great 
lord and very rich. He had beautiful houses, 
both in the city and country ; vessels of gold and silver ; 
rich furniture and gilded carriages. But, unluckily, this 
man had also a blue beard, which made him so ugly and 
80 terrible in appearance that women and children fled 
from him. 

Now it so happened that one of his neighbors, a lady 
of quality, had two very beautiful daughters. He asked 
her for one of them in marriage, leaving her to choose 
which one she would give him. 

They neither of them wished to marry him, not 
being able to make up their minds to become the wife 
of a man with a blue beard. What disgusted them still 
more was that he had already been married several 
times, and no one knew what had become of his 
wives. 

Bluebeard, in order to make the acquaintance of 
these young ladies, took them with their mother and 
two or three of their best friends and some young people 
of the neighborhood to one of his country-houses, where 
they staved for eight whole days. They spent their 
time in 'walking, hunting, fishing, feasting, and dancing. 
In fact, all went so well, that the youngest daughter 
began to find that the master of the house was a very 

245 



Fairy Tales 

agreeable man, and that his beard was not so very blue 
after all. Indeed, she was so well pleased, that as soon 
as they returned to town their marriage was celebrated. 

At the end of a month, Bluebeard told his wife that 
he was obliged to make a journey of six weeks, upon 
important business. He begged her to enjoy herself 
during his absence, to send for her friends, and to take 
them to the country if she wished, and everywhere to 
make good cheer. 

" Here," said he, " are the keys of the two great store- 
rooms ; here are those of the gold and silver vessels 
which are not in every-day use ; here are those of my 
strong-boxes, where I keep my gold and silver, and of 
the caskets which contain my jewels ; and here is the 
pass-key to all the apartments. 

^' As for this small key, it unlocks the little room at 
the end of the great gallery on the lower floor. Open 
everything, go everywhere except to this little room. 
That I forbid you to enter ; and I forbid you so strictly, 
that, if you should chance to open it, there is nothing 
you may not dread from my anger." She promised to 
observe exactly everything which he commanded; and, 
after having embraced her, he got into his carriage 
and departed on his journey. 

The neighbors and friends did not wait for an invita- 
tion to go to the house of the young wife, so impatient 
were they to see her treasures. They had not dared to 
come before, while her husband was there, so great was 
their fear of his blue beard. 

246 



Bluebeard 

As soon as they arrived^ they hastened to exam- 
ine the chambers, the closets, and the wardrobes, each 
of which seemed richer and more beautiful than the 
other. They ascended, at last, to the store-rooms, where 
they could not sufficiently praise the number and the 
beauty of the tapestries, beds, sofas, and tables. They 
especially admired the mirrors, in which they saw them- 
selves reflected from head to foot, and of which the 
frames  some of glass, others of silver and gold enamel 
 ^were the finest they had ever seen. 

They did not ce/se to cry up and to envy the happi- 
ness of their friend, who, however, did not enjoy the 
sight of all these treasures, so impatient was she to open 
the little room below. Her curiosity was so great, that, 
without considering how ill-mannered it was to leave her 
company, she descended by a secret staircase, and with 
such haste that two or three times she nearly broke her 
neck. 

Having arrived at the door, she stopped a moment, 
thinking of the command her husband had laid upon her, 
and reflecting that great misfortune might overtake her 
if she were disobedient. But fhe temptation was so 
strong that she could not overcome it. 

She took out the key, and opened with a trembling 
hand the door of the little room. At first she saw noth- 
ing, because the shutters were closed. After a few mo- 
ments, however, she was able to see the bodies of several 
dead women hung up along the walls. These were all 
the wives whom Bluebeard had married, and whom he 

247 



Fairy Tales 

had killed one after another. She thought she should 
die of fear, and the key of the room, which she had just 
drawn from the lock, dropped from her hand. 

After having somewhat regained her senses, she 
picked up the key, closed the door, and went up to 
her chamber to collect herself a little. But in this she 
did not succeed very well, she was so terribly frightened. 
Having noticed that the key was stained with blood, she 
wiped it two or three times ; but the blood did not come 
off. In vain she washed it, and even rubbed it with sand 
and oil ; the blood still remained. For it was a magic 
key, and it was impossible to cleanse it wholly. When 
the blood-stain was removed from one side, it appeared 
on the other. 

The same evening Bluebeard returned from his jour- 
ney, and said that while on the road he had received 
letters which informed him that the business which had 
called him away had been concluded to his advantage. 
His wife did everything she could to show her delight at 
his prompt return. The next day he asked her for the 
keys, and she gave them to him, but with such a trem- 
bling hand that he guessed at once what had happened. 

" How comes it," said he, " that the key of the little 
room is not with the others ?" " It must be," said she, 
" that I left it up stairs on my table." " Do not fail," 
said Bluebeard, " to get it for me, as soon as possible." 
After making several excuses, she had to bring the key. 

Bluebeard, having looked at* it, said to his wife, 
**Why is there blood upon this key?" "I do not 

248 



Bluebeard 

know/' replied the poor woman, paler than death. 
^^You do not know?" said Bluebeard; '^but I know 
cry well. You wished to go into the little room. Very 
well, madam, you shall go in, and take your place beside 
those ladies you saw there." She cast herself at the feet 
of her husband, weeping and be^ng for mercy, with 
every mark of true repentance for her disobedience. She 
would have softened a stone, beautiful and afBicted as 
she was; but Bluebeard's heart was harder than rock. 
" You must die, madam," said he, ^' and at once ! " 
** Since I must die," she said, looking at him with eyes 
filled with tears, '^ give me a little dme to pray to God." 
" I will give you a quarter of an hour," replied Blue- 
beard, ^' but not a moment more." 

When she was alone, she called her sister, and said 
to her, " Sister Anne " (for so she was named), " go up, 
I pray you, to the top of the tower, and see if my broth- 
ers are not coming. They promised to come and visit 
me to-day. If you see them, make signs to them to 
hasten." 

Sister Anne went up to the top of the tower, and the 
poor wife called to her from time to time, '^ Anne, sister 
Anne, do you see any one coming ! " and sister Anne 
replied, ^^ I see nothing but the sun shining and the grass 
waving." 

In the meantime Bluebeard, with a great sword in 

his hand, shouted to his wife, ^' Come down quickly, or I 

will go up ! " " A moment more, I beseech you," said 

his wife ; and then she cried in a low voice, " Anne, sis- 

249 



\ 



Fairy Tales 

ter Anne, do you see any one coming ? ** And sister 
Anne answered, '^ I see only the sun shining and the 
grass waving/' " Descend quickly/' cried Bluebeard, 
"or I will come up!" "I am coming," said his wife; 
and then she said, " Anne, sister Anne, do you see any 
one coming ? " "I see," replied sister Anne, " a great 
cloud of dust which comes from this side." " Is it my 
brothers ? " " Alas ! no, my sister, I see only a herd of 
sheep." 

" Do you not mean to come down ? " shouted Blue- 
beard. "In an instant," answered his wife; and then 
she cried, " Anne, sister Anne, do you not see any one 
coming ? " "I see," she replied, " two horsemen coming, 
but they are still far distant." " God be praised," she 
cried a moment after, " they are my brothers ! I will 
signal to them, as much as I can, to hasten." 

Here Bluebeard shouted so loud that the whole 

house shook. So his poor wife went down, and was 

about to throw herself, all weeping and dishevelled, at 

his feet. "That is of no use," said Bluebeard, "you 

must die ! " Then, seizing her by the hair with one hand 

and raising his sword with the other, he prepared to cut oiF 

her head. The poor woman, turning herself toward him 

and looking up with dying eyes, besought him to give 

her an instant to collect herself " No, no," said he, 

" commend thyself to God ! " and raising his arm . . . 

At this moment so loud a knock was heard at the gate 

of the courtyard that Bluebeard stopped short. 

The door opened, and in came two young gentlemen, 

250 



Bluebeard 

who rushed at Bluebeard. He recognized the brothers 
of his wife one a dragoon, the other a musketeer  and 
fled to the house to save himself But the two brothers 
pursued him so closely, that they caught him before he 
could reach the threshold. They ran their swords through 
his body and laid him dead at their feet. The poor 
wife was almost as lifeless as her husband, and had not 
strength to raise herself to embrace her brothers. 

It was found that Bluebeard had no heirs, and so his 
wife became mistress of all his property. She used one 
portion of it to marry her sister Anne to a young gentle- 
man she had long loved ; another portion, to buy captains'* 
commissions for her two brothers ; and the remainder, 
to marry herself to a very honest man, who soon made her 
forget the evil time that she had passed with Bluebeard. 



251 



TOADS AND DIAMONDS 

nPHERE was once upon a time a widow who had two 
^ daughters. The eldest was so much like her in the 
face and humor that whoever looked upon the daughter 
saw the mother. They were both so disagreeable and 
so proud that there was no living with them. 

The youngest, who was the very picture of her lather 
for courtesy and sweetness of temper, was withal one of 
the most beautiful girls ever seen. As people naturally 
love their own likeness, this mother even doted on her 
eldest daughter, and at the same time had a horrible 
aversion for the youngest  she made her eat in the 
kitchen and work continually. 

Among other things, this poor child was forced twice 
a day to draw water above a mile and a half off the house, 
and bring home a pitcher full of it. One day, as she was 
at this fountain, there came to her a poor woman, who 
begged of her to let her drink. 

" Oh ! ay, with all my heart. Goody," said this pretty 
little girl ; and rinsing immediately the pitcher, she took 
up some water from the clearest place of the fountain, and 
gave it to her, holding up the pitcher all the while, that 
she might drink the easier. 

The good woman having drunk, said to her : 

" You are so very pretty, my dear, so good and so 

252 






Toads and Diamonds 

mannerly, that I cannot help giving you a gift." For 
this was a fairy, who had taken the form of a poor country- 
woman, to see how far the civility and good manners of 
this pretty girl would go. " I will give you for gift," 
continued the Fairy, "that, at every word you speak, 
there shall come out of your mouth either a flower or a 
jewel." 

When this pretty girl came home her mother scolded 
at her for staying so long at the fountain. 

I beg your pardon, mamma," said the poor girl, 
for not making more haste." 

And in speaking these words there came out of her 
mouth two roses, two pearls, and two diamonds. 

" What is it I see there ? " said her mother, quite 
astonished. ^^ I think I see pearls and diamonds come 
out of the girl's mouth ! How happens this, child ? " 

This was the first time she ever called her child. 

The poor creature told her frankly all the matter, not 
without dropping out infinite numbers of diamonds. 

"In good faith," cried the mother, " I must send my 
child thither. Come hither, Fanny ; look what comes 
out of thy sister's mouth when she speaks. Wouldst 
not thou be glad, my dear, to have the same gift given 
to thee? Thou hast nothing else to do but go and 
draw water out of the fountain, and when a certain 
poor woman asks you to let her drink, to give it her very 
civilly." 

" It would be a very fine sight indeed," said this ill- 
bred minx, " to see me go draw water." 

253 



Fairy Tales 

" You shall go, hussy ! " said the mother ; " and this 
minute." 

So away she went, but grumbling all the way, taking 
with her the best silver tankard in the house. 

She was no sooner at the fountain than she saw coming 
out of the wood a lady most gloriously dressed, who came 
up to her and asked to drink. This was, you must know, 
the very fairy who appeared to her sister, but had now 
taken the air and dress of a princess, to see how far this 
girl's rudeness would go. 

" Am I come hither," said the proud, saucy slut, " to 
serve you with water, pray ? I suppose the silver tankard 
was brought purely for your ladyship, was it ? However, 
you may drink out of it, if you have a fancy." 

" You are not over and above mannerly," answered 
the Fairy, without putting herself in a passion. " Well, 
then, since you have so little breeding, and are so diso- 
bliging, I give you for gift that at every word you speak 
there shall come out of your mouth a snake or a toad." 

So soon as her mother saw her coming she cried out : 

"Well, daughter?" 

" Well, mother ? " answered the pert hussy, throw- 
ing out of her mouth two vipers and two toads. 

" Oh ! mercy," cried the mother ; " what is it I see ? 
Oh ! it is that wretch her sister who has occasioned all 
this ; but she shall pay for it ; " and immediately she ran 
to beat her. The poor child fled away from her, and 
went to hide herself in the forest, not far from thence. 

The King's son, then on his return from hunting, 

254 



Toads and Diamonds 

met her, and seeing her so very pretty, asked her what 
she did there alone and why she cried. 

" Alas ! sir, my mamma has turned me out of doors/* 
The King's son, who saw five or six pearls and as 
many diamonds come out of her mouth, desired her to 
tell him how that happened. She hereupon told him the 
whole story ; and so the King's son fell in love with her, 
and, considering with himself that such a gift was worth 
more than any marriage portion, conducted her to the 
palace of the King his father, and there married her. 

As for her sister, she made herself so much hated 
that her own mother turned her off; and the miserable 
wretch, having wandered about a good while without 
finding anybody to take her in, went to a corner of the 
wood, and there died. 



255 



PRINCE DARLING 

/^^NCE upon a time there lived a king who was 90 
^^ just and kind that his subjects called him " the 
Good King/' It happened one day, when he was out 
hunting, that a little white rabbit, which his dogs were 
chasing, sprang into his arms for shelter. The King 
stroked it gently, and said to it : 

" Well, bunny, as you have come to me for protec- 
tion I will see that nobody hurts you." 

And he took it home to his palace and had it put in 
a pretty little house, with all sorts of nice things to eat. 

That night, when he was alone in his room, a beauti- 
ful lady suddenly appeared before him ; her long dress 
was as white as snow, and she had a crown of white roses 
upon her head. The good King was very much sur- 
prised to see her, for he knew his door had been tightly 
shut, and he could not think how she had got in. But 
she said to him : 

" I am the Fairy Truth.* I was passing through the 
wood when you were out hunting, and I wished to find 
out if you were really good, as everybody said you were, 
so I took the shape of a little rabbit and came to your 
arms for shelter, for I know that those who are merciful 
to animals will be still kinder to their fellow-men. If you 
had refused to help me I should have been certain that 

2$6 



Prince Darling 

you were wicked. I thank you for the kindness you 
have shown me, which has made me your friend forever. 
You have only to ask me for anything you want and I 
promise that I will give it to you/' 

'' Madam/' said the good King, ** since you are a 
ury, you no doubt know all my wishes. I have but 
one son, whom I love very dearly, that is why he is called 
Prince Darling. If you are really good enough to wish 
to do me a favor, I beg that you will become his friend." 

" With all my heart," answered the Fairy. " I can 
make your son the handsomest pnnce in the world, or 
the richest, or the most powerful ; choose whichever you 
like for him." 

** I do not ask either of these things for my son," re- 
plied the good King ; ^' but if you will make him the 
best of princes, I shall indeed be grateful to you. What 
good would it do him to be rich, or handsome, or to 
possess all the kingdoms of the world if he were wicked ? 
You know well he would still be unhappy. Only a good 
man can be really contented." 

" You are quite right," answered the Fairy ; " but it 
is not in my power to make Prince Darling a good man 
unless he will help me ; he must himself try hard to be- 
come good ; I can only promise to give him good advice, 
to scold him for his faults, and to punish him if he will 
not correct and punish himself." 

The good King was quite satisfied with this promise ; 
and very soon afterward he died. 

Prince Darling was very sorry, for he loved his father 

257 

L Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

with all his heart, and he would willingly have given all 
his kingdoms and all his treasures of gold and silver if 
they could have kept the good King with him. Two 
days afterward, when the Prince had gone to bed, the 
Fairy suddenly appeared to him and said : 

" I promised your father that I would be your friend, 
and to keep my word I have come to bring you a pres- 
ent." At the same time she put a little gold ring upon 
his finger. 

" Take great care of this ring," she said : " it is more 
precious than diamonds ; every time you do a bad deed 
it will prick your finger, but if, in spite of its pricking, 
you go on in your own evil way, you will lose my friend- 
ship, and I shall become your enemy." 

So saying, the Fairy disappeared, leaving Prince Dar- 
ling very much astonished. 

For some time he behaved so well that the ring never 
pricked him, and that made him so contented that his 
subjects called him Prince Darling the Happy. 

One day, however, he went out hunting, but could 
get no sport, which put him in a very bad temper ; it 
seemed to him as he rode along that his ring was press- 
ing into his finger, but as it did not prick him he did not 
heed it. When he got home and went to his own room, 
his little dog Bibi ran to meet him, jumping round him 
with pleasure. " Get away ! " said \:he Prince, quite 
gruffly. " I don't want you, you are in the way." 

The poor little dog, who didn't understand this at 
all, pulled at his coat to make him at least look at her, 

258 



Prince Darling 

and this made Prince Darling so cross that he gave her 
quite a hard kick. 

Instantly his ring pricked him sharply, as if it had 
been a pin. He was very much surprised, and sat 
down in a corner of his room feeling quite ashamed of 
himself. 

" I believe the Fairy is laughing at me/' he thought. 
** Surely I can have done no great wrong in just kicking 
a tiresome animal ! What is the good of my being ruler 
of a great kingdom if I am not even allowed to beat my 
own dog ? " 

'^ I am not making fun of you," said a voice, answer- 
ing Prince Darling's thoughts. ^'You have committed 
three faults. First of all, you were out of temper because 
you could not have what you wanted, and you thought 
all men and animals were only made to do your pleas- 
ure ; then you were really angry, which is very naughty 
indeed ; and lastly, you were cruel to a poor little animal 
who did not in the least deserve to be ill-treated. 

'^ I know you are &r above a little dog, but if it were 
right and allowable that great people should ill-treat all 
who are beneath them, I might at this moment beat you, 
or kill you, for a fairy is greater than a man. The advan- 
tage of possessing a great empire is not to be able to do 
the evil that one desires, but to do all the good that one 
possibly can." 

The Prince saw how naughty he had been, and prom- 
bed to try and do better in future, but he did not keep 

is word. The fact was that he had been brought up by 

259 



Fairy Tales 

a foolish nurse, who had spoiled him when he was little. 
If he wanted anything he only had to cry and fret and 
stamp his feet and she would give him whatever he asked 
for, which had made him self-willed ; also she had told 
him from morning to night that he would one day be 
a king, and that kings were very happy, because every 
one was bound to obey and respect them, and no one 
could prevent them from doing just as they liked. 

When the Prince grew old enough to understand, he 
soon learned that there could be nothing worse than to 
be proud, obstinate, and conceited, and he had really tried 
to cure himself of these defects, but by that time his 
faults had become habits ; and a bad habit is very hard 
to get rid of. Not that he was naturally of a bad dispo- 
sition ; he was truly sorry when he had been naughty, 
and said : 

" I am very unhappy to have to struggle against my 
anger and pride every day ; if I had been punished for 
them when I was little they would not be such a trouble 
to me now." 

His ring pricked him very often, and sometimes he 

left off what he was doing at once ; but at other times he 

would not attend to it. Strangly enough, it gave him 

only a slight prick for a trifling fault, but when he was 

really naughty it made his finger actually bleed. At last 

he got tired of being constantly reminded, and wanted to 

be able to do as he liked, so he threw his ring aside, and 

thought himself the happiest of men to have got rid of 

its teasing pricks. He gave himself up to doing every 

260 



Prince Darling 

foolish thing that occurred to him, until he became quite 
wicked and nobody could like him any longer. 

One day, when the Prince was walking about, he saw 
a young girl, who was so very pretty that he made up 
his mind at once that he would marry her. Her name 
was Celia, and she was as good as she was beautiful. 

Prince Darling fancied that Celia would think herself 
only too happy if he ofiered to make her a great queen, 
but she said fearlessly : 

'^ Sire, I am only a shepherdess, and a poor girl, but, 
nevertheless, I will not marry you." 

<< Do you dislike me ? " asked the Prince, who was 
very much vexed at this answer. 

" No, my Prince," replied Celia; " I cannot help 
thinking you very handsome ; but what good would 
riches be to me, and all the grand dresses and splendid 
carriages that you would give me, if the bad deeds which 
I should see you do every day made me hate and despise 

The Prince was very angry at this speech, and com- 
manded his officers to make Celia a prisoner and carry 
her off to his palace. All day long the remembrance of 
what she had said annoyed him, but as he loved her he 
could not make up his mind to have her punished. 

One of the Prince's fevorite companions was his fos- 
ter-brother, whom he trusted entirely ; but he was not 
at all a good man, and gave Prince Darling very bad 
advice, and encouraged him in all his evil ways. When 
he saw the Prince so downcast he asked what was the 

261 



Fairy Tales 

matter, and when he explained that he could not bear 
Celia's bad opinion of him, and was resolved to be a 
better man in order to please her, this evil adviser said 
to him : 

" You are very kind to trouble yourself about this 
little girl ; if I were you I would soon make her obey 
me. Remember that you are a king, and that it would 
be laughable to see you trying to please a shepherdess, 
who ought to be only too glad to be one of your slaves. 
Keep her in prison, and feed her on bread and water for 
a little while, and then, if she still says she will not 
marry you, have her head cut off, to teach other people 
that you mean to be obeyed. Why, if you cannot make 
a girl like that do as you wish, your subjects will soon 
forget that they are only put into the world for our 
pleasure." 

" But," said Prince Darling, " would it not be a 
shame if I had an innocent girl put to death? For 
Celia really has done nothing to deserve punishment." 

"If people will not do as you tell them they ought 
to suffer for it," answered his foster-brother ; "but even 
if it were unjust, you had better be accused of that by 
your subjects than that they should find out that they 
may insult and thwart you as often as they please." 

In saying this he was touching a weak point in his 
brother's character ; for the Prince's fear of losing any 
of his power made him at once abandon his first idea of 
trying to be good, and resolve to try and frighten the 
shepherdess into consenting to marry him. 

a62 



Prince Darling 

His foster-brother, who wanted him to keep this res- 
olution, invited three young courtiers, as wicked as him- 
self, to sup with the Prince, and they persuaded him to 
drink a great deal of wine, and continued to excite his 
anger against Celia by telling him that she had laughed 
at his love for her ; until at last, in quite a furious rage, 
he rushed off to find her, declaring that if she still re- 
fused to marry him she should be sold as a slave the 
very next day. 

But when he reached the room in which Celia had 
been locked up, he was greatly surprised to find that she 
was not in it, though he had had the key in his own 
pocket all the time. His anger was terrible, and he 
vowed vengeance against whoever had helped her to 
escape. His bad friends, when they heard him, resolved 
to turn his wrath upon an old nobleman who had for- 
merly been his tutor; and who still dared sometimes 
to tell the Prince of his faults, for he loved him as if 
he had been his own son. At first Prince Darling had 
thanked him, but after a time he grew impatient and 
thought it must be just mere love of fault-finding that 
made his old tutor blame him when every one else was 
praising and flattering him. So he ordered him to retire 
from his Court, though he still, from time to time, spoke 
of him as a worthy man whom he respected, even if he 
no longer loved him. His unworthy friends feared that 
he might some day take it into his head to recall his old 
tutor, so they thought they now had a good opportunity 

of getting him banished for ever. 

263 



Fairy Tales 

They reported to the Prince that Suliman, for that 
was the tutor's name, had boasted of having helped Celia 
to escape, and they bribed three men to say that Suliman 
himself had told them about it. The Prince, in great 
anger, sent his foster-brother with a number of soldiers 
to bring his tutor before him, in chains, like a criminal. 
After giving this order he went to his own room, but he 
had scarcely got into it when there was a clap of thunder 
which made the ground shake, and the Fairy Truth ap- 
peared suddenly before him. 

" I promised your father," said she sternly, ** to give 
you good advice, and to punish you if you refused to 
follow it. You have despised my counsel, and have gone 
your own evil way until you are only outwardly a man ; 
really you are a monster  the horror of every one who 
knows you. It is time that I should fulfil my promise, 
and begin your punishment. I condemn you to resem- 
ble the animals whose ways you have imitated. You 
have made yourself like the lion by your anger, and like 
the wolf by your greediness. Like a snake, you have 
ungratefully turned upon one who was a second father 
to you ; your churlishness has made you like a bull. 
Therefore, in your new form, take the appearance of all 
these animals." 

The Fairy had scarcely finished speaking when Prince 

Darling saw to his horror that her words were fulfilled* 

He had a lion's head, a bull's horns, a wolfs feet, and a 

snake's body. At the same instant he found himself in 

a great forest, beside a clear lake, in which he could see 

264 



Prince Darling 

plainly the horrible creature he had become, and a voice 
said to him : 

" Look carefully at the state to which your wicked- 
ness has brought you ; believe me, your soul is a 
thousand times more hideous than your body." 

Prince Darling recognized the voice of the Fairy 
Truth, and turned in a fury to catch her and eat her up 
if he possibly could ; but he saw no one, and the same 
voice went on : 

^^ I laugh at your powerlessness and anger, and I in- 
tend to punish your pride by letting you fall into the 
hands of your own subjects," 

The Prince began to think that the best thing he 
could do would be to get as far away from the lake as he 
could, then at least he would not be continually reminded 
of his terrible ugliness. So he ran toward the wood, 
but before he had gone many yards he fell into a deep 
pit which had been made to trap bears, and the hunters, 
who were hiding in a tree, leaped down, and secured him 
with several chains, and led him into the chief city of his 
own kingdom. 

On the way, instead of recognizifig that his own faults 
had brought this punishment upon him, he accused the 
Fairy of being the cause of all his misfortunes, and bit 
and tore at his chains furiously. 

As they approached the town he saw that some great 
rejoicing was being held, and when the hunters asked 
what had happened they were told that the Prince, whose 
only pleasure it was to torment his people, had been 

265 



Fairy Tales 

found in his room, killed by a thunder-bolt (for that was 
what was supposed to have become of him). Four of 
his courtiers, those who had encoun^ed him in his 
wicked doings, had tried to seize the kingdom and divide 
it between them, but the people, who knew it was their 
bad counsels which had so changed the Prince, had cut 
off their heads, and had offered the crown to Suliman, 
whom the Prince had left in prison. This noble lord 
had just been crowned, and the deliverance of the king- 
dom was the cause of the rejoicing. " For," they said, 
^* he is a good and just man, and we shall once more 
enjoy peace and prosperity;" 

Prince Darling roared with anger when he heard this ; 
but it was still worse for him when he reached the great 
square before his own palace. He saw Suliman seated 
upon a magnificent throne, and all the people crowded 
round, wishing him a long life that he might undo all the 
mischief done by his predecessor. 

Presently Suliman made a sign with his hand that the 
people should be silent, and said : '' I have accepted 
the crown you have offered me, but only that I may keep 
it for Prince Darling, who is not dead as you suppose ; 
the Fairy has assured me that there is still hope that you 
may some day see him again, good and virtuous as he 
was when he first came to the throne. Alas ! " he con- 
tinued, " he was led away by flatterers. 1 knew his heart, 
and am certain that if it had not been for the bad in- 
fluence of those who surrounded him he would have been 
a good king and a father to his people. We may hate 

266 



Prince Darling 

his faults, but let us pity him and hope for his restoration. 
As for me, I would die gladly if that could bring back 
our Prince to reign justly and worthily once more." 

These words went to Prince Darling's heart; he 
realized the true affection and faithfulness of his old tutor, 
and for the first time reproached himself for all his evil 
deeds ; at the same instant he felt all his anger melting 
away, and he began quietly to think over his past life, 
and to admit that his punishment was not. more than he 
had deserved. He left off tearing at the iron bars of the cage 
in which he was shut up, and became as gentle as a lamb. 

The hunters who had caught him took him to a great 
menagerie, where he was chained up among all the other 
wild beasts, and he determined to show his sorrow for his 
past bad behavior by being gentle and obedient to the man 
who had to take care of him. Unfortunately, this man 
was very rough and unkind, and though the poor monster 
was quite quiet, he often beat him without rhyme or 
reason when he happened to be in a bad temper. One 
day when this keeper was asleep a tiger broke its chain, 
and flew at him to eat him up. Prince Darling, who saw 
what was going on, at first felt quite pleased to think that 
he should be delivered from his persecutor, but soon he 
thought better of it and wished that he were free. 

I would return good for evil," he said to himself, 
and save the unhappy man's life." He had hardly 
wished this when his iron cage flew open, and he rushed 
to the side of the keeper, who was awake and was defend- 
ing himself against the tiger. When he saw the monster 

267 



 



Fairy Tales 

had got out he gave himself up for lost, but his fear was 
soon changed into joy, for the kind monster threw itself 
upon the tiger and very soon killed it, and then canae 
and crouched at the feet of the man it had saved. 

Overcome with gratitude the keeper stooped to caress 
the strange creature which had done him such great ser- 
vice ; but suddenly a voice said in his ear : 

'^ A good action should never go unrewarded/' and 
at the same instant the monster disappeared, and he saw 
at his feet only a pretty little dog ! 

Prince Darling, delighted by the change, frisked about 
the keeper, showing his joy in every way he could, and 
the man, taking him up in his arms, carried him to the 
King, to whom he told the whole story. 

The Queen said she would like to have this wonder- 
ful little dog, and the Prince would have been very happy 
in his new home if he could have forgotten that he was 
a man and king. The Queen petted and took care of 
him, but she was so afraid that he would get too fat that 
she consulted the court-physician, who said that he was 
to be fed only upon bread, and was not to have much 
even of that. So poor Prince Darling was terribly hungry 
all day long, but he was very patient about it. 

One day, when they gave him his little loaf for break- 
fast, he thought he would like to eat it out in the garden ; 
so he took it up in his mouth and trotted away toward 
a brook that he knew of a long way from the palace. 
But he was surprised to find that the brook was gone, 

and where it had been stood a great house that seemed to 

268 



Prince Darling 

be built of gold and precious stones. Numbers of people 
splendidly dressed were going into it, and sounds of 
music and dancing and feasting could be heard from the 
windows. 

But what seemed very strange was that those people 
who came out of the house were pale and thin, and their 
clothes were torn, and hanging in rags about them. 
Some fell down dead as they came out, before they had 
time to get away  others crawled further with great diffi- 
culty, while others again lay on the ground, fainting with 
hunger, and b^^ed a morsel of bread from those who 
were going into the house, but they would not so much 
as look at the poor creatures. 

Prince Darling went up to a young girl who was try- 
11^ to eat a few blades of grass  ^she was so hungry. 
Touched with compassion, he said to himself: 

^* I am very hungry, but 1 shall not die of starvation 
before I get my dinner; if I give my breakfiist to this 
poor creature perhaps I may save her life." 

So he laid his piece of bread in the girl's hand, and 
saw her eat it up eagerly. 

She soon seemed to be quite well again, and the 
Prince, delighted to have been able to help her, was think- 
ing of going home to the palace, when he heard a great 
outcry, and turning round saw Celia, who was being carried 
against her will into the great house. 

For the first time the Prince regretted that he was no 
longer the monster, then he would have been able to 
rescue Celia  now he could only bark feebly at the peo- 

269 



Fairy Tales 

pie who were carrying her off, and try to follow them, 
but they chased and kicked him away. 

He determined not to quit the place till he knew 
what had become of Celia, and blamed himself for what 
had befallen her. 

^' Alas ! '* he said to himself, '^ I am furious with the 
people who are carrying Celia off, but isn't that ex- 
actly what I did myself, and if I had not been prevented 
did I not intend to be still more cruel to her? " 

Here he was interrupted by a noise above his head  
some one was opening a window, and he saw with delight 
that it was Celia herself, who came forward and threw out 
a plate of most delicious-looking food, then the window 
was shut again, and Prince Darling, who had not had 
anything to eat all day, thought he might as well take 
the opportunity of getting something. He ran forward 
to begin, but the young girl to whom he had given his 
bread gave a cry of terror and took him up in her arms, 
saying : 

" Don't touch it, my poor little dog  that house is 
the palace of pleasure, and everything that comes out of 
it is poisoned ! " 

At the same moment a voice said : 

'^ You see a good action always brings its reward," 
and the Prince found himself changed into a beautiful 
white dove. He remembered that white was the favorite 
color of the Fairy Truth, and began to hope that he 
might at last win back her favor. But just now his first 
care was for Celia, and rising into the air he flew round 

270 



Prince Darling 

and round the house, until he saw an open window ; but 
he searched through every room in vain. No trace of 
Celia was to be seen, and the Prince, in despair, deter- 
mined to search through the world till he found her. 
He flew on and on for several days, till he came to a 
great desert, where he saw a cavern  and to his delight 
there sat Celia, sharing the simple breakfast of an old 
hermit. 

Overjoyed to have found her. Prince Darling perched 
upon her shoulder, trying to express by his caresses how 
glad he was to see her again, and Celia, surprised and 
delighted by the tameness of this pretty white dove, 
stroked it softly, and said, though she never thought of 
its understanding her : 

^^ I accept the gift that you make me of yourself  
and I will love you always." 

^^ Take care what you are saying, Celia," said the old 
hermit ; " are you prepared to keep that promise ? " 

^* Indeed I hope so, my sweet shepherdess," cried the 
Prince, who was at that moment restored to his natural 
shape. ^^ You promised to love me always ; tell me that 
you really mean what you said, or I shall have to ask the 
Fairy to give me back the form of the dove which 
pleased you so much." 

"You need not be afraid that she will change her 
mind," said the Fairy, throwing off the hermit's robe in 
which she had been disguised, and appearing before 
them. 

. "Celia has loved you ever since she first saw you, 

271 



Fairy Tales 

only she would not tell you while you were so obstinate 
and naughty. Now you have repented and mean to be 
good you deserve to be happy, and so she may love you 
as much as she likes." 

Celia and Prince Darling threw themselves at the 
Fairy's feet, and the Prince was never tired of thanking 
her for her kindness. Celia was delighted to hear how 
sorry he was for all his past follies and misdeeds, and 
promised to love him as long as she lived. 

" Rise, my children," said the Fairy, " and I will 
transport you to the palace, and Prince Darling shall 
have back again the crown he forfeited by his bad 
behavior." 

While she was speaking they found themselves in 
Suliman's hall, and his delight was great at seeing his 
dear master once more. He gave up the throne joyfully 
to the Prince, and remained always the most faithful of 
his subjects. 

Celia and Prince Darling reigned for many years, but 
he was so determined to govern worthily and to do his 
duty that his ring, which he took to wearing again, never 
once pricked him severely. 



272 



RIQUET WITH THE TUFT 

^^NCE upon a time there lived a queen who had the 
^^^ misfortune to have a child extremely ill-formed 
and ill-looking, though a fairy assured her that the child 
would have great good sense, and would be very amiable ; 
besides, this good fairy then and there gave the little 
thing a great gift: he should have the power to give 
equally good sense to whomever he loved best. But all 
this hardly comforted the queen, who was distressed at 
having such a very homely child, and was scarcely pleased 
when he began, as soon as he could speak, to say the 
most charming things and to act with the most admirable 
cleverness. I had forgotten to say that he was born with 
a little tuft of hair on his head, which got him the name 
of Riquet with the Tuft, for Riquet was the family name. 
About seven or eight years after Riquet with the 
Tuft was born, the queen of a neighboring kingdom had 
twin daughters. When the first of the twins came into 
the world she was so exceedingly fair that the mother was 
in the greatest excitement of joy, and the good fairy 
who stood by, and who was the one present when Riquet 
with the Tuft was born, was forced to tell her that the 
child, for all she was so fair, would be very, very dull, 
yes, as stupid as she was beautiful. Then came the sec- 
ond of the twins, and she was just as ugly as the first 

273 



Fairy Tales 



was lovely, and the fairy again tried to help the queen 
by the assurance that this child would be so sensible 
that no one would notice her lack of beauty. 

" Heaven send it may be so ! " said the poor queen, 
" but is there no way of giving sense to the other, who is 
so beautiful ? " 

" I can do nothing of that sort with her," replied 
the fairy, ^' but she shall have the gift of making beautiful 
the person who shall please her. That is all I can do." 

As the two princesses grew up, their perfections grew 
with them, and nothing was talked of but the beauty of the 
elder and the good sense of the younger. To be sure 
their defects grew too. The younger grew uglier, and 
the elder more stupid. She either made no answer 
when she was spoken to, or she said something fool- 
ish. Then she was so awkward that she could not 
place four dishes on the shelf without breaking one, 
nor drink a glass of water without spilling some on her 
dress, and in spite of her beauty she saw that people 
began to desert her for her sister. At first they flocked 
about her because she was so lovely to look upon, but 
little by little they left her and gathered about her sister, 
because she was so witty and entertaining. The elder 
would have given all she possessed for half her sister's 
good sense. Even the queen could not help reproaching 
the poor girl for her stupidity, and this made her exceed- 
ingly melancholy. 

One day the beautiful and stupid princess was walk- 
ing alone in a wood, bewailing her fate, when she met a 

274 



Riquet with the Tuft 

little man, dressed very finely, but with a most disagree- 
able face. It was Riquet with the Tuft, who had seen 
the princess's portrait, and was so fascinated by it that he 
had left his Other's kingdom to see if he could find this 
marvellously beautiful girl. He knew her at once and 
addressed her with the greatest respect and courtesy. 
He noticed how melancholy she was, and presently 
said : 

*^ I cannot imagine how one so beautiful as you 
are can be sad. In all my life, and I have travelled far 
and wide, I never have seen so beautiful a woman." 

" You are very good to say so," said the princess, 
and then stopped. 

" Beauty," continued Riquet, seriously, " is so great 
a gift that nothing can be compared with it, and one who 
has it can surely be distressed by nothing." 

" Very fine," said the princess, " but I would rather 
be as ugly  ^as ugly as you are, and have good sense, 
than be as beautiful as I am and be stupid." 

"There is no greater proof of good sense," said 
Riquet with the Tuft, bowing low, " than the belief that 
we are without it. It is the nature of that gift that the 
more we have the more sensible we are of what we lack." 

" I do not know how that may be," cried the prin- 
cess ; " I only know that I am very stupid, and that is 
what is killing me." 

" If that is all that troubles you," said Riquet, " I can 

easily put an end to your sorrow." 

"And how?" 

275 



Fairy Tales 

'* I have the power to give as much wit as any one 
can possess to the person I love the most. You are the 
one I love. Princess, and if you will only promise to 
marry me you shall have the greatest good sense and 
wit" 

The princess stood stock still with astonishment. 

"I see," said Riquet, "that my offer pains you. I 
am not surprised, but do not hurry. I will give you a 
year to think of it." The princess had so little sense 
and wanted so much, and a year seemed so very long to 
wait, that she said in a moment that she would accept 
him. No sooner had she promised to marry Riquet in 
a twelvemonth than she felt herself to be quite another 
person. She heard herself talking with the utmost 
sprightliness, and saying the most sensible things with 
the greatest ease. Indeed, she talked with so much 
brilliancy and good nature, that Riquet began to think 
he had given her more wit than he had kept for himself. 

She returned alone to the palace, and the whole court 
speedily discovered that she had been singularly changed. 
Everybody was puzzled to account for her. She said as 
many bright and sensible things now as before she had 
said stupid and ridiculous ones. But whatever had 
caused the change, every one was charmed  every one, 
that is, except her younger sister, who had now lost the 
only advantage she had. People all flocked about the 
princess who was both witty and handsome. Even the 
king consulted her judgment, and used to hold his coun- 
cils of state in her chamber. Her fame spread abroad 

276 



I 

Riquet with the Tuft 

and the princes in the neighborhood all wished to marry 
her, but now not one of them seemed to her half wise 
enough. 

At length there came a prince who was rich, witty, 
and handsome, and she looked upon him with more 
favor than on any of the others. Her father, seeing this, 
called her to himself and told her that he had perfect 
confidence in her judgment, and he should leave her to 
choose entirely for herself. As the more sense we have 
the more difficult we find it to make up our minds defi- 
nitely in such cases, she requested, after thanking her 
father, that he would give her some time to think it 
over, and then, wishing to be by herself, she went to 
walk in the wood. It was the same wood where she had 
met Riquet with the Tuft, and as she walked, thinking 
hard, she heard a dull sound beneath her feet as of many 
people running about busily under ground. She stopped 
to listen, and heard some one say, '^ Bring me that sauce- 
pan," and again, " Give me that kettle," and " Put some 
wood on the fire." At that the ground opened, and she 
saw beneath her what appeared to be a large kitchen, full 
of cooks, scullions, and all kinds of servants, making 
ready a great banquet. A band of twenty or thirty 
cooks came forward and placed themselves at a table, 
where they set to work preparing dainties, and singing 
over their work. The princess, very much astonished, 
inquired of them for whom they were working so merrily, 

"Madam,'* replied one, " for Prince Riquet with the 

Tuft, who is to be married to-morrow." All at once the 

277 



Fairy Tales 

princess remembered that to-morrow was the very end 
of the year when she had promised to marry Riquet 
The reason why she had forgotten this before was that 
when she made the promise she was a fool, and as soon 
as she became wise she forgot all her follies. She was 
lost in amazement and was moving forward when Riquet 
with the Tuft suddenly appeared, gayly dressed, and 
with all the air of a man about to be married. 

"I have kept my word, princess, as you see," he 
said, '^ and I doubt not that you have kept yours and 
will marry me to-morrow." 

" Prince," said the princess frankly, " I must confess 
that I had not intended to marry you, and fear I cannot." 

" You surprise me very much." 

'* No doubt, and I should be disturbed about it if I 
were dealing with a dull person instead of one with your 
excellent good sense. You must yourself see that I can- 
not do what I promised to do when I was a fool. You 
should not have given me so much sense." 

" If I were a fool I might be persuaded by you, prin- 
cess, but being a man of sense I see that you are taking 
away all the happiness of my life. Tell me frankly, is 
there anything in me that you complain of besides my 
ugliness ? I know I am ugly, but do you object to my 
birth, my temper, my manners or any  my good sense ? " 

" No, truly," replied the princess, " I like everything 
about you, except except your looks." 

" Then I need not lose my happiness ; for if 1 have 
the gift of making clever whomever I love best, you are 

278 



Riquet with the Tuft 

able to make the person you prefer as handsome as ever 
you please. Could you not love me enough to do that ? '* 
" Oh, I did not know that before ! " cried the prin- 
cess. " With all my heart ! " and she wished eagerly 
that he might become the handsomest man in the world. 
No sooner had she uttered this wish than Riquet stood 
before her eyes the finest, most charming man she had 
ever seen. And so they were married, and Riquet 
thought the princess the most sensible and agreeable 
companion in the world, while the princess looked upon 
Riquet as the noblest and most commanding man. 



279 



FORTUNATUS 

T N the famous Island of Cyprus there is a stately city 
^ called Famagosta, in which lived a wealthy citizen 
named Theodorus. He being left young by his parents 
addicted himself to all pleasure, resorting to the courts of 
princes and spending all his wealth in riotous living, to 
the grief of his friends, who, thinking to make him leave 
his idle courses, got him married to a rich citizen's daugh- 
ter named Gratiana. 

In one year after their marriage Gratiana gave birth to 
a son, who was named Fortunatus. Theodorus, in a 
short time, began again to follow his old, bad courses, 
insomuch that he sold and mortgaged his land, until he 
had wasted all his estate, so that he fell into extreme 
poverty. Gratiana was forced to dress her meat and wash 
her clothes herself, not being able to keep one servant, 
or hire the meanest assistance. 

Theodorus and his wife sitting one day at a poor 

dinner, he could hardly refrain from weeping, which his 

son, who was now about eighteen year^ of age, and skilled 

in hunting, hawking, and playing on the lute, perceiving, 

said, " Father, what aileth you ? for I observe, when you 

look upon me, you seem sad. Sir, I have in some way 

offended you." 

Theodorus answered, ^' My dear son, thou art not the 

280 



Fortunatus 

cause of my grief, but I myself have been the sole cause 
of the pinching poverty we all feel. When I call to mind 
the wealth and honor so lately enjoyed, and when I con- 
sider how unable I am now to help my child, it is that 
which vexes me." 

To this his son replied, '^ Beloved father, do not take 
immoderate care for me, for I am young and strong. I 
have not been so brought up but that I can shift for 
myself. I will go abroad and try my fortune. I fear not 
but I shall find work and preferment." 

Soon after, without the least ceremony, Fortunatus 
set out, with a hawk on his hand, and travelled toward 
the sea-side, where he espied a galley of Venice lying at 
anchor. He inquired what ship she was, and where 
bound, hoping he might here find employment. He was 
told the Earl of Flanders was on board, and had lost two 
of his men. 

Fortunatus, wishing that he could be entertained as 
one of the servants, and so get away from his native place; 
where his poverty was so well known, steps up to the 
earl, and says, '^ I understand, noble lord, you have lost 
two of your men ; if so you please, I desire to be received 
into your service." " What wages do you ask ? " says 
the earl. " No wages," says Fortunatus, " but to be re- 
warded according to my deserts." This answer pleased 
the earl, so they agreed, and sailed to Venice. 

The earl now turned back and was. joyfully received 
by his subjects, and welcomed by his neighbors, for he 
was a very affable and just prince. Soon after his return 

281 

M Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

he married the Duke of Cleves' daughter, who was a very 
beautiful ]ady. At the wedding, to which came several 
lords, tournaments were held before the ladies, and though 
there were so many gentlemen, yet none behaved so well 
as Fortunatus. 

After the nobles had finished their triumphs and de- 
lightful games, the duke and the bride and bridegroom 
agreed to let their servants try their manhood at several 
pastimes for two jewels, each worth a hundred crowns. 
This made all the servants glad, every one striving to do 
his best. 

The Duke of Burgundy's servant won one, and For- 
tunatus the other, which displeased the other servants. 
Upon which they desired the duke's servant to challenge 
Fortunatus to fight him before the ladies, the winner to 
have both jewels. This challenge he accepted. Coming to 
the tilt-yard, they encountered each other very briskly, 
and at last Fortunatus hoisted the duke's servant quite 
off his horse, at spear's length. Whereupon he ob- 
tained the victory, and got the jewels, which increased 
the envy of all the other servants, but much rejoiced 
the earl. 

Among the earl's servants was a crafty old fellow, who 

consulted with the rest of the servants, and agreed, for 

ten crowns, to make Fortunatus quit his master's service 

of his own accord. To accomplish the affair he pretended 

great friendship to Fortunatus, treating him, and praising 

him much for his great courage. 

At last he told him he had a secret to reveal to him^ 

282 



Fortunatus 

which was, diat his lord having conceived a jealousy of 
his two chamberlains, of whom Fortunatus was one, he 
had a design privately to have them whipped. This 
much amazed Fortunatus, who desired his fellow-servant 
to inform him how to convey himself away ; ^* for," said 
he, '* I had rather wander as a vagebond, than be so 
served/' Says Robert, '' I am sorry I told thee anything, 
since I shall now lose thy company/' Being resolved to 
go oF, however, he desired Robert to conceal his de- 
parture, and mounting his horse rode away. 

When Fortunatus had ridden ten miles he bought 
another horse, and returned the earl's, that he might not 
pursue him ; but when the earl found he was gone with- 
out his leave, not knowing the cause, he was oflfended, 
and demanded of the servants if they knew the occasion ; 
which they all denied. Then he went to the ladies and 
gentlewomen, and inquired of them if they knew anything 
of his departure. And they answered. No. 

Then said the earl, '^ Though the cause of his de- 
parture is hidden from me, yet 1 am persuaded he is not 
gone without some cause, which I will find out, if it be 
possible." When Robert found his lord was so vexed 
for the loss of Fortunatus, he went and hanged himself, 
for fear of being discovered. 

Fortunatus, having sent home his master's horse, 
travelled with all speed to Calais, where he took shipping, 
and arrived safe in England. Coming to London, he 
met with some young Cyprus merchants, his countrymen, 
who riotously spent their money in gaming ; so that in 

283 



Fairy Tales 

about half a year's time their cash was about half spent. 
Fortunatus, having least, was soon exhausted. 

Being moneyless, he went to some of his landladies 
to borrow three crowns, telling them he wanted to go to 
Flanders to fetch four hundred crowns that were in his 
uncle's hands ; but he was denied, and none would they 
lend him. He then desired to be trusted for a quart of 
wine ; but they refused, and bid the servants fetch him a 
pint of small beer. He then took shipping, and soon 
arrived in Picardy in France. 

Travelling through a wood, and being benighted, he 
approached an old house, where he hoped to find some 
relief; but there was no creature in it. Then, hearing a 
noise among the bears, he got up into a tree, where one 
of them had climbed. Fortunatus, being surprised, drew 
his sword, and struck the bear, so that he fell from the 
tree. The rest of the beasts being gone, Fortunatus 
came down from the tree, and, laying his mouth to the 
wound, sucked out some of the blood, with which he was 
refreshed, and then slept until morning. 

As soon as Fortunatus awoke, he saw standing before 
him a fair lady, with her eyes muffled. " I beseech thee," 
said he, " sweet virgin, to assist me, that I may get out 
of this wood, for I have travelled a great way without 
food." She asked what country he was of. He replied, 
" Of Cyprus, and am constrained by poverty to seek my 
fortune. " Fear not, Fortunatus," said she ; " I am the 
Goddess Fortune, and by the permission of Heaven have 
the power of six gifts, one of which I will bestow 

284 



Fortunatus 

on thee. So choose for yourself. They are. Wisdom, 
Strength, Riches, Health, Beauty, and Long Life." 

Said Fortunatus, ** I desire to have Riches as long as 
I live." With that she gave him a purse, saying, " As 
often as you put your hand into this purse, you shall find 
ten pounds of the coin of any nation you shall happen to 
be in." Fortunatus returned many thanks to the god- 
dess. Then she bid him follow her out of the wood, and 
so vanished. 

He then put his hand into the purse, and drew out 
the first-fruits of the goddess's bounty, with which he 
went to an inn, and refreshed himself. After which 
he paid his host, and instantly departed, as doubting 
the reality of his money, notwithstanding the evidence 
of his hands and eyes. 

Two miles from the wood was a little town and castle, 
where dwelt an earl who owned the wood. Fortunatus 
here took up his lodging at the best inn, and asked the 
host if he could help him to some good horses. The 
host told him th/sre was a dealer who had several very 
fine ones, of which the earl had chosen three ; but was 
refused, though he offered three hundred crowns for 
them. Fortunatus went to his chamber, and took out of 
his purse six hundred crowns, and bid the host to send 
for the dealer with his horses. 

The host at first supposed he had been in jest, seeing 
him so meanly apparelled ; but on being convinced by 
the sight of the money, the dealer and horses were 
sent for, and Fortunatus, with a few words, bargained 

285 



Fairy Tales 

for two of those the earl had wanted, and gave three 
hundred crowns for them. He bought also costly 
saddles and furniture, and desired his host to get him two 
servants. 

The earl, hearing that the two horses had been bought 
out of his hands, grew angry, and sent to the innkeeper, 
to be informed who he was. The earl, being told that 
he was a stranger, commanded him to be apprehended, 
imagining he had committed some robbery. Fortunatus, 
on being questioned who he was, answered he was born 
in Cyprus, and was the son of a decayed gentleman. The 
earl asked him how he got so much money. He told 
him he came by it honestly. 

Then the earl swore in a violent passion, that if he 
would not discover, he would put him to the rack. For- 
tunatus proposed to die rather than reveal it. Upon 
this he was put on the rack ; and being again asked how 
he got so many crowns, he said that he found them in a 
wood adjoining. " Thou villain," said the earl, " the 
money you found is mine, and thy hqdy and goods are 
forfeited." "O my gracious lord," said he, "I knew 
not it was in your dominion." " But," said the earl, 
** this shall not excuse you, for to-day I will take thy 
goods, and to-morrow thy life." 

Then did Fortunatus wish he had chosen Wisdom 
before Riches. He earnestly begged his life of the earl, 
who, at the entreaty of some of the nobles, spared his 
life, and restored him the crowns and his purse, and 
charged him never to come into his dominion. Fortu- 

286 



Fortunatus 

natus rejoiced that he had so well escaped, and had not 
lost his purse. 

After that he had travelled toward his own country, 
having got horses and servants to attend him, he arrived 
at Famagosta, where it was told him that his father 
and mother were dead. He then purchased his father's 
house, pulled it down, and built a stately palace. He 
also built a fine church, and had three tombs made : 
one for his father and mother, the other for the wife 
he intended to marry, and the last for his heirs and 
himself. 

Not far from Famagosta lived a lord who had three 
daughters, one of whom the King of Cyprus intended to 
bestow on Fortunatus, but gave him leave to take his 
choice. When Fortunatus had asked them the question, 
he chose the youngest, to the great grief of the other two 
sisters ; but the countess and earl approved of the match. 
Fortunatus presented the countess, his wife's mother, and 
her two sisters with several rich jewels. 

Then did the king offer to keep the wedding at his 
court ; but Fortunatus wished to keep it at his own palace, 
desiring the king and queen's company. " Then," said 
the king, " I will come with my queen and all my rela- 
tions." After four days the king and all his company 
went to Fortunatus' house, where they were entertained 
in a grand manner. His house was adorned with costly 
furniture, glorious to behold. This feasting lasted forty 
days. , Then the king returned to his court, vastly well 
satisfied with the Entertainment. After this, Fortunatus 

287 



Fairy Tales 

made another feast for the dtizens, their wives and 
daughters. 

Fortunatus and his wife Cassandra lived long in a 
happy state, and found no want of anything but children. 
Fortunatus knew the virtue of his purse would fail at his 
death if he had no heirs. Therefore he made it con- 
stantly his prayer to God that he would be pleased to 
send him a child, and at length in due time a son was 
born to him, and he named him Ampadu. Shortly after, 
he had another son : and he provided for them the best 
of tutors, to take care they had an education suitable to 
their fortunes. 

Fortunatus, having been married twelve years, took 
it into his head to travel once more ; which his wife 
much opposed, desiring him, by all the love he bore to 
her and her dear children, not to leave them. But he 
was resolved, and soon after took leave of his wife and 
children, promising them to return again in a short space. 
A few days after, he took shippir^ for Alexandria, where 
he stayed some time, and got acquainted with the sultan, 
whose favor he gained so as to receive letteis to carry 
him safe through his dominions. 

Fortunatus, after supper, opened his purse, and gave 
to all the sultan's servants very liberally. The sultan, 
being highly pleased, told Fortunatus he would show 
him such curiosities as he had never seen. Then he took 
him to a strong marble tower. In the first room were 
several very rich vessels and jewels ; in the second he 
showed several vessels of gold coin, vrith a fine wardrobe 

288 



Fortunatus 

of garments, and golden candlesticks, which shone all 
over the room, and mightily pleased Fortunatus. 

Then the sultan showed him his bed-chamber, which 
was finely adorned ; and likewise a small felt hat, simple 
to behold ; saying, " I set more value on this hat than on 
all my jewels, as such another is not to be had, for it lets 
a person be wherever he doth wish." 

Fortunatus imagined this hat would agree very well 
with his purse, and he thereupon put it on his head, say- 
ing he should be very glad of a hat that had such vir- 
tue. So the sultan immediately gave it to him. With 
that he suddenly wished himself in his ship, it being then 
under sail, that he might return to his own country. The 
sultan, looking out of the window and seeing the ship 
under sail, was very angry, and commanded his men to 
fetch him back, declaring, if they took him, he should 
be immediately put to death. But all in vain. Fortu- 
natus was too quick for them, and arriving safe at Fama- 
gosta, richly laden, was joyfully received by his wife, two 
sons, and the citizens. 

He now began to care for the advancement of his 
children, maintained a princely court, and provided mas- 
ters to instruct his children in all manner of chivalry. 
The youngest was most inclined to behave manfully, 
which caused Fortunatus to bestow many jewels upon 
him for his exploits. When he had many years enjoyed 
all earthly pleasures, Cassandra died, which so grieved 
him that he prepared himself for death also. 

Fortunatus, perceiving his death to approach, said to 

289 



Fairy Tales 

his two sons : *' God has taken away your mother, who 
so tenderly nourished you ; and I, perceiving death at 
hand, will show you how you may continue in honor to 
your dying days/' Then he declared to them the virtue 
of his purse, and that it would last no longer than their 
lives. He also told them the virtue of his wishing-hat, 
and commanded them not to part with those jewels, but 
to keep them in common, and live friendly together, and 
not to make any person privy to their virtues ; " For," 
said he, ^* I have concealed them forty years, and never 
revealed them to any but you/' Having said this, he 
ceased to speak and immediately gave up the ghost. 
His sons buried him in the magnificent church before 
mentioned. 



290 



THE KING OF THE GOLDEN RIVER 

I 

TN a secluded and mountainous part of Styria there 
^ was, in old time, a valley of the most surprising 
and luxuriant fertility. It was surrounded on all sides 
by steep and rocky mountains, rising into peaks, which 
were always covered with snow, and from which a num- 
ber of torrents descended in constant cataracts. One of 
these fell westward, over the face of a crag so high that, 
when the sun had set to everything else, and all below 
was darkness, his beams still shone full upon this water- 
fall, so that it looked like a shower of gold. It was 
therefore called by the people of the neighborhood the 
Golden River. It was strange that none of these streams 
fell into the valley itself. They all descended on the 
other side of the mountains, and wound away through 
broad plains and by populous cities. But the clouds 
were drawn so constantly to the snowy hills, and rested 
so softly in the circular hollow, that, in time of drought 
and heat, when all the country round was burned up, 
there was still rain in the little valley ; and its crops were 
so heavy, and its hay so high, and its apples so red, and 
its grapes so blue, and its wine so rich, and its honey so 
sweet, that it was a marvel to every one who beheld it, 
and was commonly called the Treasure Valley. 

291 



Fairy Tales 

The whole of this little valley belonged to three 
brothers, called Schwartz, Hans, and Gluck. Schwartz 
and Hans, the two elder brothers, were very ugly men, 
with overhanging eyebrows and small, dull eyes, which 
were always half shut, so that you couldn't see into them, 
and always fancied they saw very far into you. They 
lived by farming the Treasure Valley, and very good 
farmers they were. They killed everything that did not 
pay for its eating. They shot the blackbirds, because 
they pecked the fruit; and killed the hedgehogs, lest 
they should suck the cows ; they poisoned the crickets 
for eating the crumbs in the kitchen ; and smothered the 
cicadas, which used to sing all summer in the lime-trees. 
They worked their servants without any wages, till they 
would not work any more, and then quarrelled with 
them, and turned them out of doors without paying 
them. It would have been very odd if, with such a farm, 
and such a system of farming, they hadn't got very rich ; 
and very rich they did get. They generally contrived to 
keep their corn by them till it was very dear, and then 
sell it for twice its value ; they had heaps of gold lying 
about on their floors, yet it was never known that they 
had given so much as a penny or a crust in charity ; they 
never went to mass; grumbled perpetually at paying 
tithes ; and were, in a word, of so cruel and grinding a 
temper, as to receive firom all those, with whom they had 
any dealings, the nickname of the " Black Brothers.'* 

The youngest brother, Gluck, was as completely op- 
posed, in both appearance and character, to his seniors 

292 



The King of the Golden River 

as could possibly be imagined or desired. He was not 
above twelve years old, fair, blue-eyed, and kind in 
temper to every living thing. He did not, of course, 
agree particularly well with his brothers, or, rather, they 
did not agree with him. He was usually appointed to 
the honorable office of turnspit, when there was anything 
to roast, which was not often ; for, to do the brothers 
justice, they were hardly less sparing upon themselves 
than upon other people. At other times he used to clean 
the shoes, the floors, and sometimes the plates, occasion- 
ally getting what was left on them, by way of encourage- 
ment, and a wholesome quantity of dry blows, by way of 
education. 

Things went on in this manner for a long time. At 
last came a very wet summer, and everything went wrong 
in the country round. The hay had hardly been got in, 
when the haystacks were floated bodily down to the sea 
by an inundation ; the vines were cut to pieces with the 
hail ; the corn was all killed by a black blight ; only in 
the Treasure Valley, as usual, all was safe. As it had 
rain when there was rain nowhere else, so it had sun 
when there was sun nowhere else. Everybody came to 
buy corn at the farm, and went away pouring maledictions 
on the Black Brothers. They asked what they liked, 
and got it, except from the poor people, who could only 
beg, and several of whom were starved at their very door, 
without the slightest regard or notice. 

It was drawing toward winter, and very cold weather, 
when one day the two elder brothers had gone out, with 

293 



Fairy Tales 

their usual warning to little Gluck, who was left to mind 
the roast, that he was to let nobody in, and give nothing 
out. Gluck sat down quite close to the fire, for it was 
raining very hard, and the kitchen walls were by no 
means dry or comfortable looking. He turned and 
turned, and the roast got nice and brown. '^ What a 
pity," thought Gluck, " my brothers never ask anybody 
to dinner. I'm sure, when they've got such a nice piece 
of mutton as this, and nobody else has got so much as 
a piece of dry bread, it would do their hearts good to 
have somebody to eat it with them." 

Just as he spoke, there came a double knock at the 
house-door, yet heavy and dull, as though the knocker 
had been tied up more like a puff than a knock. 

" It must be the wind," said Gluck; " nobody else 
would venture to knock double knocks at our door." 

No; it wasn't the wind; there it came again very 
hard, and, what was particularly astounding, the knocker 
seemed to be in a hurry, and not to be in the least afraid 
of the consequences. Gluck went to the window, opened 
it, and put his head out to see who it was. 

It was the most extraordinary-looking little gentle- 
man-he had ever seen in his life. He had a very large 
nose, slightly brass-colored ; his cheeks were very round 
and very red, and might have warranted a supposition 
that he had been blowing a refractory fire for the last 
eight-and-forty hours ; his eyes twinkled merrily through 
long silky eyelashes, his mustaches curled twice round 
like a corkscrew on each side of his mouth, and his hair, 

294 



The King of the Golden River 

of a curious mixed pepper-and-salt color, descended far 
over his shoulders. He was about four feet six in height, 
and wore a conical-pointed cap of nearly the same altH 
tude, decorated with a black feather some three feet long. 
His doublet was prolonged behind into something re- 
sembling a violent exa^eration of what is now termed a 
'* swallow-tail/' but was much obscured by the swelliz^ 
folds of an enormous black, glossy-looking cloak, which 
must have been very much too long in calm weather, as 
the wind, whistling round the old house, carried it clear 
out from the wearer's shoulders to about four times his 
own length. 

Gluck was so perfectly paralyzed by the singular ap- 
pearance of his visitor that he remained fixed without 
uttering a word, until the old gentleman, having per- 
formed another and a more energetic concerto on the 
knocker, turned round to look after his fly-away cloak. 
In so doing he caught sight of Gluck's little yellow head 
jammed in the window, with his mouth and eyes very 
wide open indeed. 

" Hello ! " said the little gentleman, " that's not the 
way to answer the door; I'm wet, let me in." 

To do the little gentleman justice, he was wet. His 
feather hung down between his legs like a beaten puppy's 
tail, dripping like an umbrella ; and from the ends of 
his mustaches the water was running into his waistcoat- 
pockets, and out again like a mill-stream. 

"I beg pardon, sir," said Gluck; "I'm very sorry, 
but I really can't." 

295 



Fairy Tales 

'^ Can't what ? " said the old gentleman. 

" I can't let you in, sir  I can't, indeed ; my brothers 
would beat me to death, sir, if I thought of such a thing. 
What do you want, sir ? " 

" Want ? " said the old gentleman petulantly, " I 
want fire and shelter; and there's your great fire there 
blazing, crackling, and dancing on the walls, with nobody to 
feel it. Let me in, I say ; I only want to warm myself." 

Gluck had had his head, by this time, so long out of 
the window that he began to feel it was really unpleas- 
antly cold, and when he turned, and saw the beautiful 
fire rustling and roaring, and throwing long bright 
tongues up the chimney, as if it were licking its chops at 
the savory smell of the leg of mutton, his heart melted 
within him that it should be burning away for nothing. 
" He does look very wet," said little Gluck ; " Til just 
let him in for a quarter of an hour." Round he went to 
the door, and opened it ; and as the little gentleman 
walked in, through the house came a gust of wind that 
made the old chimneys totter. 

" That's a good boy," said the little gentleman. 
Never mind your brothers. I'll talk to them." 

Pray, sir, don't do any such thing," said Gluck. " I 
can't let you stay till they come; they'd be the death 
of me!" 

" Dear me," said the old gentleman, " I'm very sorry 
to hear that. How long may I stay ? " 

" Only till the mutton's done, sir," replied Gluck, 

" and it's very brown." 

296 



<c 



The King of the Golden River 

Then the old gentleman walked into the kitchen, and 
sat himself down on the hob, with the top of his cap ac- 
commodated up the chimney, for it was a great deal too 
high for the roof. 

** You'll soon dry there, sir," said Gluck, and sat * 
down again to turn the mutton. But the old gentleman 
did not dry there, but went on drip, drip, dripping among 
the cinders, and the fire fizzed and sputtered, and beg^n 
to look very black and uncomfortable ; never was such a 
cloak ; every fold in it ran like a gutter. 

" I beg pardon, sir," said Gluck at length, after watch- 
ing the water spreading in long quicksilver-like streams 
over the floor for a quarter of an hour ; '^ mayn't I take 
your cloak ? " 

'^ No, thank you," said the old gentleman. 

" Your cap, sir ? " 

'* Fm all right, thank you," said the old gentleman, 
rather gruffly. 

" But  sir  Vm very sorry," said Gluck hesitat- 
ingly ; " but  really, sir  you're putting the fire out." 

'* It'll take longer to do the mutton then," replied 
his visitor, dryly. 

Gluck was very much puzzled by the behavior of his 
guest ; it was such a strange mixture of coolness and hu- 
mility. He turned away at the string meditatively for 
another five minutes. 

" That mutton looks very nice," said the old gentle- 
man, at length. " Can't you give me a little bit ? " 

** Impossible, sir," said Gluck. 

297 



Fairy Tales 



cc 
cc ~ 



Tm very hungry/* continued the old gentleman; 
I've had nothing to eat yesterday, nor to-day. They 
surely couldn't miss a bit from the knuckle ! " 

He spoke in so very melancholy a tone that it quite 
melted Gluck's heart. ''They promised me one slice 
to-day, sir/' said he ; ''I can give you that, but not a bit 



more," 



cc 



That's a good boy," said the old gentleman again. 

Then Gluck warmed a plate and sharpened a knife. 
" I don't care if I do get beaten for it," thought he. 
Just as he had cut a large slice out of the mutton, there 
came a tremendous rap at the door. The old gentleman 
jumped off the hob, as if it had suddenly become incon- 
veniently warm. Gluck fitted the slice into the mutton 
again, with desperate efforts at exactitude, and ran to 
open the door. 

" What did you keep us waiting in the rain for ? " said 
Schwartz, as he walked in, throwing his umbrella in 
Glack's face. 

" Ay ! what for, indeed, you little vagabond ? " said 
Hans, administering an educational box on the ear, as he 
followed his brother into the kitchen. 

'' Bless my soul ! " said Schwartz, when he opened the 
door. 

" Amen," said the little gentleman, who had taken 
his cap off, and was standing in the middle of the kitchen, 
bowing with the utmost possible velocity. 

" Who's that? " said Schwartz, catching up a rolling- 
pin, and turning to Gluck with a fierce frown. 

298 



The King of the Golden River 

"I don't know, indeed, brother/' said Giuck, in 
great terror. 

" How did he get in ? " roared Schwartz. 

" My dear brother," said Gluck deprecatingly, " he 
was so very wet ! " 

The rolling-pin was descending on Gluck's head ; but, 
at the instant, the old gentleman interposed his conical 
cap, on which it crashed with a shock that shook the 
water out of it all over the room. What was very odd, 
the rolling-pin no sooner touched the cap, than it flew 
out of Schwartz's hand, spinning like a straw in a high 
wind, and fell into the corner at the further end of the 
room. 

"Who are you, sir?" demanded Schwartz, turning 
upon him. 

" What's your business ? " snarled Hans. 

"I'm a poor old man, sir," the little gentleman be- 
gan very modestly, " and I saw your fire through the 
window, and begged shelter for a quarter of an hour." 

" Have the goodness to walk out again, then," said 
Schwartz. " We've quite water enough in our kitchen, 
without making it a drying-house." 

" It's a cold day to turn an old man out in, sir; look 
at my gray hairs." They hung down to his shoulders, 
as I told you before. 

" Ay ! " said Hans, " there are enough of them to 
keep you warm. Walk ! " 

" I'm very, very hungry, sir ; couldn't you spare me 

a bit of bread before I go ? " 

299 



Faiiy Talcs 

*' Bread, indeed ! " said Schwartz ; '* do you suppose 
we've nothing to do with our bread but to give it to such 
red-nosed fellows as you ? " 

" Why don't you sell your feather ? " said Hans, 
sneeringly. " Out with you." 

*' A little bit," said the old gentleman. 

" Be off ! " said Schwartz, 

" Pray, gentlemen." 

'^ Off, and be hanged ! " cried Hans, seizing him by 
the collar. But he had no sooner touched the old gen- 
tleman's collar, than away he went after the rolling-pin, 
spinning round and round, till he fell into the comer on 
the top of it. Then Schwartz was very angry, and ran at 
the old gentleman to turn him out ; but he also had 
hardly touched him, when away he went after Hans and 
the rolling-pin, and hit his head against the wall as he 
tumbled into the corner. And so there they lay, all 
three. 

Then the old gentleman spun himself round with 
velocity in the opposite direction ; continued to spin 
until his long cloak was all wound neatly about him ; 
clapped his cap on his head, very much on one side (for 
it could not stand upright without going through the 
ceiling), gave an additional twist to his corkscrew mus- 
taches, and replied with perfect coolness : '* Gentlemen, 
I wish you a very good morning. At twelve o'clock to- 
night I'll call-again ; after such a refusal of hospitality as 
1 have just experienced, you will not be surprised if that 
visit is the last I ever pay you." 

300 



The King of the Golden River 

" If ever I catch you here again,'' muttered Schwartz, 
coining, half (lightened, out of the corner  but before he 
could finish his sentence, the old gentleman had shut the 
house^door behind him with a great bang ; and past the 
window, at the same instant, drove a wreath of ragged 
cloud, that whirled and rolled away down the valley in 
all manner of shapes ; turning over and over in the air ; 
and melting away at last in a gush of rain. 

" A very pretty business, indeed, Mr. Gluck ! " said 
Schwartz. " Dish the mutton, sir. If ever I catch you 
at such a trick again  Bless me, why, the mutton's 
been cut ! " 

" You promised me one slice, brother, you know," 
said Gluck. 

" Oh ! and you were cutting it hot, I suppose, and 
going to catch all the gravy. It'll be long before I 
promise you such a thing again. Leave the room, sir ; 
and have the kindness to wait in the coal-cellar till I 
call you." 

Gluck left the room melancholy enough. The 
brothers ate as much mutton as they could, locked the 
rest in the cupboard, and proceeded to get very drunk 
after dinner. 

Such a night as it was ! Howling wind and rushing 
rain without intermission. The brothers had just sense 
enough left to put up all the shutters, and double bar 
the door^ before they went to bed. They usually slept 
in the same room. As the clock struck twelve, they 
were both awakened by a tremendous crash. Their door 

301 



Fairy Tales 



burst open with a violence that shook the house from top 
to bottom. 

** What's that ? " cried SchwartZi starting up in his 
bed. 

" Only I" said the little gentleman. 

The two brothers sat up on their bolster, and stared 
into the darkness. The room was full of water, and by 
a misty moonbeam, which found its way through a hole 
in the shutter, they could see, in the midst of it, an 
enormous foam globe, spinning round, and bobbing up 
and down like a cork, on which, as on a most luxurious 
cushion, reclined the little old gentleman, cap and all. 
There was plenty of room for it now, for the roof was 
off. 

" Sorry to incommode you," said their visitor ironi- 
cally. '^ Tm afraid your beds are dampish ; perhaps you 
had better go to your brother's room ; Tve left the ceil- 
ing on there." 

They required no second admonition, but rushed into 
Gluck's room, wet through, and in an agony of terror. 

'^ You'll find my card on the kitchen table," the old 
gentleman called after them. '^ Remember, the lasi visit" 

" Pray Heaven it may be ! " said Schwartz, shudder- 
ing. And the foam globe disappeared. 

Dawn came at last, and the two brothers looked out 
of Gluck's little window in the morning. The Treasure 
Valley was one mass of ruin and desolation. ' The in- 
undation had swept away trees, crops, and cattle, and left, 

in their stead, a waste of red sand and gray mud. The 

302 



The King of the Golden River 

two brothers crept, shivering and horror-struck, into the 
kitchen. The water had gutted the whole first floor : 
corn, money, almost every movable thing had been swept 
away, and there was left only a small white card on the 
kitchen table. On it, in large, breezy, long-legged letters, 
were engraved the words : 

SOUTHWEST WIND, ESQUIRE 

II 

Southwest Wind, Esquire, was as good as his word. 
After the momentous visit above related, he entered the 
Treasure Valley no more ; and, what was worse, he had 
so much influence with his relations, the West Winds in 
general, and used it so eflfectually, that they all adopted 
a similar line of conduct. So no rain fell in the valley 
from one year's end to another. Though everything re- 
mained green and flourishing in the plains below, the in- 
heritance of the Three Brothers was a desert. What had 
once been the richest soil in the kingdom became a shifting 
heap of red sand ; and the brothers, unable longer to con- 
tend with the adverse skies, abandoned their valueless 
patrimony in despair, to seek some means of gaining a 
livelihood among the cities and people of the plains. 
All their money was gone, and they had nothing left but 
some curious, old-fashioned pieces of gold plate, the last 
remnants of their ill-gotten wealth. 

" Suppose we turn goldsmiths ? " said Schwartz to 
Hans, as they entered the large city. ^Mt is a good 

303 



Fairy Tales 

knave's trade : we can put a great deal of copper into the 
gold> without any one's finding it out." 

The thought was agreed to be a very good one ; they 
hired a furnace^ and turned goldsmiths. But two slight 
circumstances affected their trade : the firsts that people 
did not approve of the coppered gold ; the second, that 
the two elder brothers, whenever they had sold anything, 
used to leave little Gluck to mind the furnace, and go 
and drink out the money in the ale-house next door. So 
they melted all their gold, without making money enough 
to buy more, and were at last reduced to one large drink- 
ing-mug, which an uncle of his had given to little Gluck^ 
and which he was very fond of, and would not have 
parted with for the world ; though he never drank any- 
thing out of it but milk and water. The mug was a very 
odd mug to look at. The handle was formed of two 
wreaths of flowing golden hair, so finely spun that it 
looked more like silk than like metal, and these wreaths 
descended into, and mixed with, a beard and whiskers, 
of the same exquisite workmanship, which surrounded 
and decorated a very fierce little face, of the reddest gold 
imaginable, right in the front of the mug, with a pair of 
eyes in it which seemed to command its whole circum- 
ference. It was impossible to drink out of the mug 
without being subjected to an intense gaze out of the 
side of these eyes ; and Schwartz positively averred that 
once, after emptying it full of Rhenish seventeen times, 
he had seen them wink ! When it came to the mug's 
turn to be made into spoons, it half broke poor little 

304 



The King of the Golden River 

Gluck's heart; but the brothers only laughed at him^ 
tossed the mug into the melting-pot^ and staggered out 
to the ale-house ; leaving him, as usual, to pour the gold 
into bars, when it was all ready. 

When they were gone, Gluck took a Jewell look at 
his old friend in the melting-pot. The flowing hair was 
all gone; nothing remained but the red nose, and the 
sparkling eyes, which looked more malicious than ever. 
" And no wonder," thought Gluck, " after being treated 
in that way." He sauntered disconsolately to the win- 
dow, and sat himself down to catch the fresh evening air, 
and escape the hot breath of the furnace. Now this 
window commanded a direct view of the range of moun- 
tains which, as I told you before, overhung the Treasure 
Valley, and more especially of the peak from which fell 
the Golden River. It was just at the close of the day, 
and, when Gluck sat down at the window, he saw the 
rocks of the mountain-tops all crimson and purple with 
the sunset ; and there were bright tongues of fiery cloud 
burning and quivering about them ; and the river, 
brighter than all, fell, in a waving column of pure gold, 
from precipice to precipice, with the double arch of a 
broad purple rainbow stretched across it, flushing and 
iding alternately in the wreaths of spray. 

^^ Ah ! " said Gluck aloud, after he had looked at it 
for a little while, " if that river were really all gold, what 
a nice thing it would be 1" 

'' No, it wouldn't, Gluck," said a clear, metallic voice 
close at his ear. 

305 

N Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

" Bless me, what's that ? " exclaimed Gluck, jumping 
up. There was nobody there. He looked round the 
room, and under the table, and a great many times be- 
hind him, but there was certainly nobody there, and he 
sat down again at the window. This time he didn't 
speak, but he couldn't help thinking again that it would 
be very convenient if the river were really all gold. 

" Not at all, my boy," said the same voice, louder 
than before. 

" Bless me ! " said Gluck again, " what is that ? " He 
looked again into all the corners and cupboards, and then 
began turning round and round, as fast as he could, in 
the middle of the room, thinking there was somebody 
behind him, when the same voice struck again on his ear. 
It was singing now very merrily " Lala-lira-la " ; no 
words, only a soft running effervescent melody, some- 
thing like that of a kettle on the boil. Gluck looked 
out of the window. No, it was certainly in the house. 
Upstairs, and downstairs. No, it was certainly in that 
very room, coming in quicker time and clearer notes 
every moment. " Lala-lira-la." All at once it struck 
Gluck that it sounded louder near the furnace. He ran 
to the opening and looked in; yes, he saw right; it 
seemed to be coming, not only out of the furnace, but 
out of the pot. He uncovered it, and ran back in a 
great fright, for the pot was certainly singing ! He stood 
in the furthest corner of the room, with his hands up, and 
his mouth open, for a minute or two, when the singing 

stopped, and the voice became clear and pronunciative. 

306 



The King of the Golden River 

" Hollo ! '* said the voice. 

Gluck made no answer. 

** HoUoy Gluck, my boy/' said the pot again. 

Gluck summoned all his energies, walked straight up 
to the crucible, drew it out of the furnace, and looked in. 
The gold was all melted, and its sur&ce as smooth and 
polished as a river ; but instead of its reflecting little 
Gluck's head, as he looked in, he saw meeting his glance, 
from beneath the gold, the red nose and the sharp eyes 
of his old friend of the mug, a thousand times redder and 
sharper than ever he had seen them in his life. 

'* Come, Gluck, my boy," said the voice out of the 
pot again, ** I'm all right ; pour me out." 

But Gluck was too much astonished to do anything 
of the kind. 

" Pour me out, I say," said the voice rather gruflly. 

Still Gluck couldn't move. 

" fVill yoM pour me out ? " said the voice passionately. 
" I'm too hot." 

By a violent effort, Gluck recovered the use of his 
limbs, took hold of the crucible, and sloped it so as to 
pour out the gold. But instead of a liquid stream, there 
came out, first, a pair of pretty little yellow legs, then some 
coat-tails, then a pair of arms stuck akimbo, and, finally, 
the well-known head of his friend the mug ; all which 
articles, uniting as they rolled out, stood up energetically 
on the floor, in the shape of a little golden dwarf, about 
a foot and a half high. 

'* That's right ! " said the dwarf, stretching out first 

307 



Fairy Tales 

his legs, and then his arms, and then shaking his head up 
and down, and as far round as it would go, for five min- 
utes, without stopping; apparently with the view of 
ascertaining if he were quite correctly put together, while 
Gluck stood contemplating him in speechless amazement. 
He was dressed in a slashed doublet of spun gold, so fine 
in its texture that the prismatic colors gleamed over it, as 
if on a surface of mother-of-pearl ; and over this brilliant 
doublet his hair and beard fell full half-way to the ground, 
in waving curls, so exquisitely delicate that Gluck could 
hardly tell where they ended ; they seemed to melt into 
air. The features of the face, however, were by no means 
finished with the same delicacy ; they were rather coarse, 
slightly inclining to coppery in complexion, and indica- 
tive, in expression, of a very pertinacious and intractable 
disposition in their small proprietor. When the dwarf 
had finished his self-examination, he turned his small, 
sharp eyes full on Gluck, and stared at him deliberately 
for a minute or two. " No, it wouldn't, Gluck, my boy," 
said the little man. 

This was certainly rather an abrupt and unconnected 
mode of commencing conversation. It might indeed be 
supposed to refer to the course of Gluck's thoughts, 
which had first produced the dwarf's observations out of 
the pot ; but whatever it referred to, Gluck had no in- 
clination to dispute the dictum. 

" Wouldn't it, sir ? " said Gluck, very mildly and 
submissively indeed. 

" No," said the dwarf conclusively. " No, it wouldn't." 

308 



The King of the Golden River 

And with that, the dwarf pulled his cap hard over his 
brows, and took two turns of three feet long, up and down 
the room,, lifting his legs very high, and setting them 
down very hard. This pause gave time for Gluck to 
collect his thoughts a little, and, seeing no great reason 
to view his diminutive visitor vrith dread, and feeling his 
curiosity overcome his amazement, he ventured on a 
question of peculiar delicacy. 

" Pray, sir," said Gluck, rather hesitatingly, " were 
you my mug ? " 

On which the little man turned sharp round, walked 
straight up to Gluck, and drew himself up to his full 
height. "1," said the little man, "am the King of the 
Golden River." Whereupon he turned about again, and 
took two more turns, some six feet long, in order to 
allow time for the consternation which this announce- 
ment produced in his auditor to evaporate. After 
which he again walked up to Gluck and stood still, as 
if expecting some comment on his communication. 

Gluck determined to say something, at all events. 
" I hope your majesty is very well," said Gluck. 

" Listen ! " said the little man, deigning no reply to 
this polite inquiry. " I am the King of what you mor- 
tals call the Golden River. The shape you saw me in 
was owing to the malice of a stronger king, from whose 
enchantments you have this instant freed me. What I 
have seen of you, and your conduct to your wicked 
brothers, renders me willing to serve you; therefore 
attend to what I tell you. Whoever shall climb to the 

309 



Fairy Tales 

top of that mountain from which you see the Golden 
River issue, and shall cast into the stream at its source 
three drops of holy water, for him, and for him only, the 
river shall turn to gold. But no one failing in his first 
can succeed in a second attempt ; and if any one shall cast 
unholy water into the river, it will overwhelm him, and 
he will become a black stone." So saying, the King of 
the Golden River turned away, and deliberately walked 
into the centre of the hottest flame of the furnace. His 
figure became red, red, white, transparent, dazzling  a 
blaze of intense light  ^rose, trembled, and disappeared. 
The King of the Golden River had evaporated. 

" Oh ! " cried poor Gluck, running to look up the 
chimney after him ; " oh dear, dear, dear me ! My 
mug! my mug! my mug!" 

Ill 

The King of the Golden River had hardly made his 
extraordinary exit before Hans and Schwartz came roar- 
ing into the house, very savagely drunk. The discovery 
of the total loss of their last piece of plate had the effect 
of sobering them just enough to enable them to stand 
over Gluck, beating him very steadily for a quarter of 
an hour ; at the expiration of which period they dropped 
into a couple of chairs, and requested to know what he 
had got to say for himself. Gluck told them his story, 
of which of course they did not believe a word. They 
beat him again, till their arms were tired, and staggered 
to bed. In the morning, however, the steadiness with 

310 



The King of the Golden River 

which he adhered to his story obtained him some degree 
of credence ; the immediate consequence of which was^ 
that the two brothers, after wrangling a long time on the 
knotty question which of them should try his fortune 
first, drew their swords, and began fighting. The noise 
of the fray alarmed the neighbors, who, finding they 
could not pacify the combatants, sent for the constable. 

Hans, on hearing this, contrived to escape, and hid 
himself; but Schwartz was taken before the magistrate, 
fined for breaking the peace, and having drunk out his 
last penny the evening before, was thrown into prison 
till he should pay. 

When Hans heard this, he was much delighted, and 
determined to set out immediately for the Golden River. 
How to get the holy water was the question. He went 
to the priest, but the priest could not give any holy water 
to so abandoned a character. So Hans went to vespers 
in the evening for the first time in his life, and, under 
pretence of crossing himself, stole a cupful, and returned 
home in triumph. 

Next morning he got up before the sun rose, put the 
holy water into a strong flask, and two bottles of wine 
and some meat in a basket, slung them over his back, 
took his alpine stafif in his hand, and set oflF for the 
mountains. 

On his way out of the town he had to pass the 
prison, and as he looked in at the windows, whom should 
he see but Schwartz himself peeping out of the bars, 
and looking very disconsolate. 

311 



Fairy Tales 

'^ Good morning, brother," said Hans ; ^' have you 
any message for the King of the Golden River ? " 

Schwartz gnashed his teeth with rage, and shook the 
bars with all his strength; but Hans only laughed at 
him, and advising him to make himself comfortable till 
he came back again, shouldered his basket, shook the 
bottle of holy water in Schwartz's face till it frothed 
again, and marched off in the highest spirits in the 
world. 

It was, indeed, a morning that might have made any 
one happy, even with no Golden River to seek for. 
Level lines of dewy mist lay stretched along the valley, 
out of which rose the massy mountains  their lower 
clifis in pale gray shadow, hardly distinguishable from 
the floating vapor, but gradually ascending till they caught 
the sunlight, which ran in sharp touches of ruddy color 
along the angular crags, and pierced, in long level rays^ 
through their fringes of spear-like pine. Far above shot 
up red splintered masses of castellated rock, jagged and 
shivered into myriads of fantastic forms, with here and 
there a streak of sunlit snow, traced down their chasms 
like a line of forked lightning ; and, far beyond, and far 
above all these, fainter than the morning cloud, but purer 
and changeless, slept, in the blue sky, the utmost peaks 
of the eternal snow. 

The Golden River, which sprang from one of the 
lower and snowless elevations, was now nearly in shadow ; 
all but the uppermost jets of spray, which rose like 
slow smoke above the undulating line of the cataract^ 

312 



The King of the Golden River 

and floated away in feeble wreaths upon the morning 

wind. 

On this object, and on this alone, Hans's eyes and 

thoughts were fixed ; forgetting the distance he had to 
traverse, he set off at an imprudent rate of walking, which 
greatly exhausted him before he had scaled the first range 
of the green and low hills. He was, moreover, surprised, 
on surmounting them, to find that a large glacier, of 
whose existence, notwithstanding his previous knowledge 
of the mountains, he had been absolutely ignorant, lay 
between him and the source of the Golden River. He 
entered on it with the boldness of a practiced mountaineer ; 
yet he thought he had never traversed so strange or so 
dangerous a glacier in his life. The ice was excessively 
slippery ; and out of all its chasms came wild sounds of 
gushing water: not monotonous or low, but changeful 
and loud, rising occasionally into drifting passages of wild 
melody, then breaking off into short, melancholy tones, 
or sudden shrieks, resembling those of human voices in 
distress or pain. The ice was broken into thousands of 
confused shapes, but none, Hans thought, like the ordi- 
nary forms of splintered ice. There seemed a curious ex-- 
pression about all their outlines  a perpetual resemblance 
to living features, distorted and scornful. Myriads of 
deceitful shadows and lurid lights played and floated 
about and through the pale blue pinnacles, dazzling and 
confusing the sight of the traveller ; while his ears grew 
dull and his head giddy with the constant gush and roar 
of the concealed waters. These painful circumstances in- 

313 



Fairy Tales 

creased upon him as he advanced ; the ice crashed and 
yawned into fresh chasms at his feet, tottering spires 
nodded around him, and fell thundering across his path ; 
and though he had repeatedly faced these dangers on the 
most terrific glaciers, and in the wildest weather, it ^ifas 
with a new and oppressive feeling of panic-terror that he 
leaped the last chasm, and flung himself, exhausted and 
shuddering, on the firm turf of the mountain. 

He had been compelled to abandon his basket of 
food, which became a perilous incumbrance on the 
glacier, and had now no means of refreshing himself but 
by breaking oflf and eating some of the pieces of ice. 
This, however, relieved his thrist ; an hour's repose re- 
cruited his hardy frame, and, with the indomitable spirit 
of avarice, he resumed his laborious journey. 

His way now lay straight up a ridge of bare, red rocks, 
without a blade of grass to ease the foot or a projecting 
angle to afford an inch of shade from the south sun. It 
was past noon, and the rays beat intensely upon the 
steep path, while the whole atmosphere was motionless, 
and penetrated with heat. Intense thirst was soon added 
to the bodily fatigue with which Hans was now afflicted ; 
glance after glance he cast on the flask of water which 
hung at his belt. '^ Three drops are enough," at last 
thought he ; "1 may, at least, cool my lips with it.*' 

He opened the flask, and was raising it to his lips, 
when his eye fell on an object lying on the rock beside 
him ; he thought it moved. It was a small dog, appa- 
rently in the last agony of death from thirst. Its 

314 



The King of the Golden River 

tongue was out, its jaws dry, its limbs extended lifelessly, 
and a swarm of black ants were crawling about its lips 
and throat. Its eye moved to the bottle which Hans 
held in his hand. He raised it, drank, spurned the 
animal with his foot, and passed on. And he did not 
know how it was, but he thought that a strange shadow 
had suddenly come across the blue sky. 

The path became steeper and more rugged every 
moment ; and the high hill air, instead of refreshing him, 
seemed to throw his blood into a fever. The noise of 
the hill cataracts sounded like mockery in his ears ; they 
were all distant, and his thirst increased every moment. 
Another hour passed, and he again looked down to the 
flask at his side ; it was half empty, but there was much 
more than three drops in it. He stopped to open it, 
and again, as he did so, something moved in the path 
above him. It was a fair child, stretched nearly lifeless 
on the rock, its breast heaving with thirst, its eyes closed, 
and its lips parched and burning. Hans eyed it de- 
liberately, drank, and passed on. And a dark gray cloud 
came over the sun, and long snake-like shadows crept up 
along the mountain-sides. Hans struggled on. The 
sun was sinking, but its descent seemed to bring no 
coolness ; the leaden weight of the dead air pressed upon 
his brow and heart, but the goal was near. He saw the 
cataract of the Golden River springing from the hillside, 
scarcely five hundred feet above him. He paused for a 
moment to breathe, and sprang on to complete his task. 

At this instant a faint cry fell on his ear. He turned, 

315 



Fairy Tales 

and saw a gray-haired old man extended on the rocks. 
His eyes were sunk, his features deadly pale, and gathered 
into an expression of despair. " Water ! "  he stretched 
his arms to Hans, and cried feebly  ^^ Water ! I am 
dying." 

'^ I have none," replied Hans ; ^* thou hast had thy 
share of life/* He strode over the prostrate body, and 
darted on. And a flash of blue lightning rose out of the 
east, shaped like a sword ; it shook thrice over the whole 
heaven, and left it dark with one heavy, impenetrable 
shade. The sun was setting; it plunged toward the 
horizon like a red-hot ball. 

The roar of the Golden River rose on Hans's ear. 
He stood at the brink of the chasm through which it 
ran. Its waves were filled with the red glory of the sun- 
set; they shook their crests like tongues of fire, and 
flashes of bloody light gleamed along their foam. Their 
sound came mightier and mightier on his senses; his 
brain grew giddy with the prolonged thunder. Shudder- 
ing, he drew the flask from his girdle, and hurled it intx) 
the centre of the torrent. As he did so, an icy chill shot 
through his limbs ; he staggered, shrieked, and fell. The 
waters closed over his cry. And the moaning of the 
river rose wildly into the night, as it gushed over 

CM Slack Statu 

IV 

Poor little Gluck waited very anxiously alone in the 
house for Hans's return. Finding he did not come back, 

316 



The King of the Golden River 

he was terribly frightened, and went and told Schwartz 
in the prison all that had happened. Then Schwartz 
was very much pleased, and said that Hans must cer- 
tainly have been turned into a black stone, and he should 
have all the gold to himself. But Gluck was very sorry, 
and cried all night. When he got up in the morning, 
there was no bread in the house, nor any money ; so 
Gluck went and hired himself to another goldsmith, and 
he worked so hard, and so neatly, and so long every day, 
that he soon got money enough together to pay his 
brother's fine, and he went and gave it all to Schwartz, 
and Schwartz got out of prison. Then Schwartz was 
quite pleased, and said he should have some of the gold 
of the river. But Gluck only begged he would go and 
see what had become of Hans. 

Now when Schwartz had heard that Hans had stolen 
the holy water, he thought to himself that such a pro- 
ceeding might not be considered altogether correct by 
the King of the Golden River, and determined to man- 
age matters better. So he took some more of Gluck's 
money, and went to a bad priest, who gave him some 
holy water very readily for it. Then Schwartz was sure 
it was all quite right So Schwartz got up early in the 
morning before the sun rose, and took some bread and 
wine in a basket, and put his holy water in a flask, and 
set off for the mountains. Like his brother, he was 
much surprised at the sight of the glacier, and had great 
difficulty in crossing it, even after leaving his basket 
behind him. The day was cloudless, but not bright : a 

317 



Fairy Tales 

heavy purple haze was hanging over the sky, and the 
hills looked lowering and gloomy. And as Schwartz 
climbed the steep rock path, the thirst came upon him, 
as it had upon his brother, until he lifted his flask to his 
lips to drink. Then he saw the fair child lying near him 
on the rocks, and it cried to him, and moaned for water. 

" Water, indeed," said Schwartz ; " I haven't half 
enough for myself," and passed on. And as he went he 
thought the sunbeams grew more dim, and he saw a low 
bank of black cloud rising out of the west ; and when he 
had climbed for another hour the thirst overcame him 
again, and he would have drunk. Then he saw the old 
man lying before him on the path, and heard him cry out 
for water. " Water, indeed," said Schwartz ; " I haven't 
half enough for myself," and on he went. 

Then again the light seemed to fade from before his 
eyes, and he looked up, and, behold, a mist, of the color 
of blood, had come over the sun ; and the bank of black 
cloud had risen very high, and its edges were tossing and 
tumbling like the waves of the angry sea. And they 
cast long shadows, which flickered over Schwartz's path. 

Then Schwartz climbed for another hour, and again 
his thirst returned ; and as he lifted his flask to his lips, 
he thought he saw his brother Hans lying exhausted on 
the path before him, and, as he gazed, the figure stretched 
its arms to him, and cried for water. '^ Ha, ha ! " 
laughed Schwartz, ^'are you there? Remember the 
prison bars, my boy. Water, indeed ! do you suppose 
I carried it all the way up here for you f " And he 

318 



The King of the Golden River 

strode over the figure ; yet, as he passed, he thought ne 
saw a strange expression of mockery about its lips. And, 
when he had gone a few yards further, he looked back ; 
but the figure was not there. 

And a sudden horror came over Schwartz, he knew 
not why ; but the thirst for gold prevailed over his fear, 
and he rushed on. And the bank of black cloud rose 
to the zenith, and out of it came bursts of spiry light- 
ning, and waves of darkness seemed to heave and float 
between their flashes, over the whole heavens. And the 
sky where the sun was setting was all level, and like a 
lake of blood ; and a strong wind came out of that sky, 
tearing its crimson clouds into fragments, and scattering 
them far into the darkness. And when Schwartz stood 
by the brink of the Golden River, its waves were black 
like thunder-clouds, but their foam was like fire ; and 
the roar of the waters below and the thunder above met, 
as he cast the flask into the stream. And, as he did so, 
the lightning glared in his eyes, and the earth gave way 
beneath him, and the waters closed over his cry. And 
the moaning of the river rose wildly into the night, as it 
gushed over 

(Ki)e (KtDo Black Stones 

V 

When Gluck found that Schwartz did not come back, 
he was very sorry, and did not know what to do. He 
had no money, and was obliged to go and hire himself 
agsun to the goldsmith, who worked him very hard, and 

319 



Fairy Tales 

gave him very little money. So, after a month or two, 
Gluck grew dred, and made up his mind to go and try 
his fortune with the Golden River, "The little king 
looked very kind," thought he. " I don't think he will 
turn me into a black stone." So he went to the priest, 
and the priest gave him some holy water as soon as he 
asked for it. Then Gluck took some bread in his 
basket, and the bottle of water, and set off very early for 
the mountains. 

If the glacier had occasioned a great deal of fatigue to 
his brothers, it was twenty times worse for him, who was 
neither so strong nor so practiced on the mountains. He 
had several very bad falls, lost his basket and bread, and 
was very much fHghtened at the strange noises under the 
ice. He lay a long time to rest on the grass, after he had 
got over, and began to climb the hill just in the hottest 
part of the day. When he had climbed for an hour, he 
got dreadfully thirsty, and was going to drink like his 
brothers, when he saw an old man coming down the path 
above him, looking very feeble, and leaning on a staff. 
"My son," said the old man, "I am faint with thirst; 
give me some of that water." Then Gluck looked at 
him, and when he saw that he was pale and weary, he 
gave him the water ; " Only pray don't drink it all," said 
Gluck. But the old man drank a great deal, and gave 
him back the bottle two-thirds empty. Then he bade 
him good speed, and Gluck went on again merrily. And 
the path became easier to his feet, and two or three 
blades of grass appeared upon it, and some grasshoppers 

320 



The King of the Golden River 

began singing on the bank beside it ; and Gluck thought 
he had never heard such merry singing. 

Then he went on for another hour, and the thirst in- 
creased on him so that he thought he should be forced to 
drink. But, as he raised the flask, he saw a little child 
lying panting by the roadside, and it cried out piteously 
for water. Then Gluck struggled with himself and de- 
termined to bear the thirst a little longer ; and he put 
the bottle to the child's lips, and it drank it all but a few 
drops. Then it smiled on him and got up, and ran 
down the hill ; and Gluck looked after it, till it became 
as small as a little star, and then turned, and began 
climbing again. And then there were all kinds of sweet 
flowers growing on the rocks, bright green moss, with 
pale pink starry flowers> and soft-belled gentians, more 
blue than the sky at its deepest, and pure white trans- 
parent lilies. And crimson and purple butterflies darted 
hither and thither, and the sky sent down such pure light 
that Gluck had never felt so happy in his life. 

Yet, when he had climbed for another hour, his thirst 
became intolerable again ; and, when he looked at his 
bottle, he saw that there were only five or six drops left 
in it, and he could not venture to drink. And as he was 
hanging the flask to his belt again, he saw a little dog 
lying on the rocks, gasping for breath  -just as Hans had 
seen it on the day of his ascent. And Gluck stopped 
and looked at it, and then at the Golden River, not five 
hundred yards above him ; and he thought of the dwarf's 
words, '' that no one could succeed, except in his first 

321 



Fairy Tales 

attempt'*; and he tried to pass the dog, but it whined 
piteously, and Gluck stopped again. " Poor beastie," 
said Gluck, ^^ it'll be dead when I come down again, if I 
don't help it," Then he looked closer and closer at it, 
and its eye turned on him so mournfully that he could 
not stand it. " Confound the King and his gold too," 
said Gluck ; and he opened the flask, and poured all the 
water into the dog's mouth. 

The dog sprang up and stood on its hind legs. Its 
tail disappeared, its ears became long, longer, silky, 
golden ; its nose became very red, its eyes became very 
twinkling ; in three seconds the dog was gone, and 
before Gluck stood his old acquaintance, the King of the 
Golden River. 

" Thank you," said the monarch ; " but don't be 
frightened, it's all right " ; for Gluck showed manifest 
symptoms of consternation at this unlooked-for reply to 
his last observation. " Why didn't you come before," 
continued the dwarf, '^ instead of sending me those ras- 
cally brothers of yours, for me to have the trouble of 
turning into stones ? Very hard stones they make, too." 

" Oh dear me ! " said Gluck, " have you really been 
so cruel ? " 

"Cruel?" said the dwarf; "they poured unholy 
water into my stream ; do you suppose I'm going to 
allow that ? " 

" Why/' said Gluck, " I am sure, sir  your Majesty, 
I mean  they got the water out of the church font." 

"Very probably," replied the dwarf; "but," and his 

322 



The King of the Golden River 

countenance grew stern as he spoke, *' the water which 
has been refused to the cry of the weary and dying is 
unholy, though it had been blessed by every saint in 
heaven ; and the water which is found in the vessel of 
mercy is holy, though it had been defiled with corpses." 

So saying, the dwarf stooped and plucked a lily that 
grew at his feet. On its white leaves hung three drops of 
clear dew, and the dwarf shook them into the flask which 
Gluck held in his hand. " Cast these into the river," 
he said, ''and descend on the other side of the mountains 
into the Treasure Valley. And so good speed." 

As he spoke the figure of the dwarf became indis- 
tinct. The playing colors of his robe formed them- 
selves into a prismatic mist of dewy light ; he stood for 
an instant veiled with them as with the belt of a broad 
rainbow. The colors grew &int, the mist rose into the 
air ; the monarch had evaporated. 

And Gluck climbed to the brink of the Golden 
River, and its waves were as clear as crystal and as bril- 
liant as the sun. And when he cast the three drops of 
dew into the stream, there opened where they fell a small 
circular whirlpool, into which the waters descended with 
a musical noise. 

Gluck stood watching it for some time, very much 
disappointed, because not only the river was not turned 
into gold, but its waters seemed much diminished in 
quantity. Yet he obeyed his friend the dwarf, and de- 
scended the other side of the mountains, toward the 
Treasure Valley ; and, as he went, he thought he heard 

323 



Fairy Tales 

the noise of water working its way under the ground. 
And when he came in sight of the Treasure Valley, he- 
hold, a river, like the Golden River, was springing from 
a new cleft of the rocks above it, and was flowing in 
innumerable streams among the dry heaps of red sand. 

And as Gluck gazed, fresh grass sprang beside the 
new streams, and creeping plants grew, and climbed 
among the moistening soil. Young flowers opened sud- 
denly along the river sides, as stars leap out when twi- 
light is deepening, and thickets of myrtle, and tendrils 
of vine, cast lengthening shadows over the valley as they 
grew. And thus the Treasure Valley became a garden 
again, and the inheritance, which had been lost by cruelty, 
was regained by love. 

And Gluck went and dwelt in the valley, and the 
poor were never driven from his door ; so that his barns 
became full of corn, and his house of treasure. And, for 
him, the river had, according to the dwarf's promise, 
become a River of Gold. 

And to this day the inhabitants of the valley point 
out the place where the three drops of holy dew were 
cast into the stream, and trace the course of the Golden 
River under the ground, until it emerges in the Treasure 
Valley. And at the top of the cataract of the Golden 
River are still to be seen two black stones, round which 
the waters howl mournfully every day at sunset; and 
these stones are still called, by the people of the valley, 

(Kl)e Black Brotliers 
324 



HOLGER DANSKE 

T N Denmark there lies a castle named Kronborg. It 
^ lies close by the Ore sound, where the ships pass 
through by hundreds every day  English, Russian, and 
likewise Prussian ships. And they salute the old castle 
with cannons  ^** Boom ! " And the castle answers with 
a '^ Boom 1 " for that's what the cannons say instead of 
" Good-day " and " Thank you," In winter no ships sail 
there, for the whole sea is covered with ice quite across to 
the Swedish coast ; but it has quite the look of a highroad. 
There wave the Danish flag and the Swedish flag, and 
Danes and Swedes say " Good-day " and " Thank you ! " 
to each other, not with cannons, but with a friendly grasp 
of the hand ; and one gets white bread and biscuits from 
the other  for strange fare tastes best. But the most 
beautiful of all is the old Kronborg ; and here it is that 
Holger Danske sits in the deep dark cellar, where nobody 
goes. He is clad in iron and steel, and leans his head on 
his strong arm; his long beard hangs down over the 
marble table, and has grown into it. He sleeps and 
dreams, but in his dreams he sees everything that happens 
up here in Denmark. Every -Christmas Eve comes an 
angel, and tells him that what he has dreamed is right, 
and that he may go to sleep in quiet, for that Denmark 
is not yet in any real danger; but when once such a 
danger comes, then old Holger Danske will rouse him- 

32s 



Fairy Tales 

self, so that the table shall burst when he draws out his 
beard ! Then he will come forth and strike, so that it 
shall be heard in all the countries in the world." 

An old grandfather sat and told his little grandson all 
this about Holger Danske ; and the little boy knew that 
what his grandfather told him was true. And while the 
old man sat and told his story, he carved an image which 
was to represent Holger Danske, and to be fastened to 
the prow of a ship ; for the old grandfather was a carver 
of figure-heads, that is, one who cuts out the figures 
fastened to the front of ships, and from which every ship 
is named. And here he had cut out Holger Danske, who 
stood there proudly with his long beard, and held the 
broad battle-sword in one hand, while with the other 
he leaned upon the Danish arms. 

And the old grandfather told so much about distin- 
guished men and women, that it appeared at last to the 
little grandson as if he knew as much as Holger Danske 
himself, who, after all, could only dream ; and when the 
little fellow was in his bed, he thought so much of it, 
that he actually pressed his chin against the coverlet, and 
fancied he had a long beard that had grown fast to it. 

But the old grandfather remained sitting at his work, 
and carved away at the last part of it ; and this was the 
Danish coat-of-arms. When he had done, he looked 
at the whole, and thought of all he had read and heard, 
and that he had told this evening to the little boy ; and 
he nodded, and wiped his spectacles, and put them on 
again, and said : 

326 



Holger Danske 

" Yes, in my time Holger Danske will probably not 
come ; but the boy in the bed yonder may get to see 
him, and be there when the push really comes." 

And the old grandfather nodded again : and the more 
he looked at Holger Danske the more plain did it be- 
come to him that it was a good ims^e he had carved. 
It seemed really to gain color, and the armor appeared 
to gleam like iron and steel ; the hearts in the Danish 
arms became redder and redder, and the Uons with the 
golden crowns on their heads leaped up. 

" That's the most beautiful coat*of-arms there is in 
the world ! '* said the old man. ** The lions are strength, 
and the heart is gentleness and love ! " 

He looked at the uppermost lion, and thought of King 
Gmute, who bound great England to the throne of Den- 
mark ; and he looked at the second lion, and thought of 
Waldemar, who united Denmark and conquered the 
Wendish lands ; and he glanced at the third lion, and 
remembered Margaret, who united Denmark, Sweden, 
and Norway. But while he looked at the red hearts, 
they gleamed more brightly than before; they became 
flames, and his heart followed each of them. 

The first led him into a dark, narrow prison ; there 
sat a prisoner, a beautiful woman, the daughter of King 
Christian IV., Eleanor Ulfeld ; and the flame which was 
shaped like a rose, attached itself to her bosom and 
blossomed, so that it became one with the heart of her, 
the noblest and best of all Danish women. 

And his spirit followed the second flame, which led 

327 



Fairy Tales 

him out upon the sea, where the cannons thundered and 
the ships lay shrouded in smoke ; and the flame fastened 
itself in the shape of a ribbon of honor on the breast of 
Hvitfeld, as he blew himself and his ship into the air, 
that he might save the fleet 

And the third flame led him to the wretched 
huts of Greenland, where the preacher Hans Egede 
wrought, with love in every word and deed : the flame 
was a star on his breast, another heart in the Danish 
arms. 

And the spirit of the old grandfather flew on before 
the waving flames, for his spirit knew whither the flames 
desired to go. In the humble room of the peasant 
woman stood Frederick VL, writing his name with chalk 
on the beam. The flame trembled on his breast, and 
trembled in his heart ; in the peasant's lowly room his 
heart too became a heart in the Danish arms. And the 
old grandfather dried his eyes, for he had known King 
Frederick with the silvery locks and the honest blue 
eyes, and had lived for him : he folded his hands, and 
looked in silence straight before him. Then came the 
daughter-in-law of the old grandfather, and said it was 
late, he ought now to rest; and the supper table was 
spread. 

'^ But it is beautiful, what you have done, grand- 
father ! '* said she. '^ Holger Danske, and all our old 
coat-of-arms ! It seems to me just as if I had seen that 
face before ! " 

^' No, that can scarcely be," replied the old grand- 

328 



Holger Danske 

father ; '' but I have seen it, and I have tried to carve it 
in wood as 1 have kept it in my memory. It was when 
the English lay in front of the wharf, on the Danish 
second of April, when we showed that we were old Danes. 
In the '' Denmark," on board which I was, in Steen Bille's 
squadron, I had a man at my side  ^it seemed as if the 
bullets were afraid of him ! Merrily he sang old songs, 
and shot and fought as if he were something more than a 
man. I remember his face yet ; but whence he came, 
and whither he went, I know not  nobody knows. I 
have often thought he might have been old Holger 
Danske himself, who had swum down from the Kronborg, 
and aided us in the hour of danger ; that was my idea, 
and there stands his picture." 

And the statue threw its great shadow up against the 
Mrall, and even over part of the ceiling ; it looked as though 
the real Holger Danske were standing behind it, for the 
shadow moved ; but this might have been because 
the flame of the candle did not burn steadily. And the 
daughter-in-law kissed the old grandfather, and led him 
to the great arm-chair by the table ; and she and her 
husband, who was the son of the old man, and father of 
the little boy in the bed, sat and ate their supper ; and 
the grandfather spoke of the Danish lions and of the 
Danish hearts, of strength and' of gentleness ; and quite 
clearly did he explain that there was another strength be- 
sides the power that lies in the sword ; and he pointed to 
the shelf on which were the old books, where stood the 
plays of Holberg, which had been read so often, for they 

329 

O Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

were very amusing ; one could almost &nq one recog- 
nized the people of bygone days in them. 

^^ See, he knew how to strike, too/' said the grand- 
father : '* he scourged the foolishness and prejudice of 
the people so long as he could ''  and the grandfather 
nodded at the mirror, above which stood the calendar, 
with the " Round Tower " on it, and said, " Tycho 
Brahe was also one who use'd the sword, not to cut into 
flesh and bone, but to build up a plainer way among all 
the stars of neaven. And then he whose father belonged 
to my calling, the son of the old figure-head carver, he 
whom we have ourselves seen with his silver hairs and 
his broad shoulders, he whose name is spoken of in 
all lands ! Yes, he was a sculptor ; / am only a carver. 
Yes, Holger Danske may come in many forms, so that 
one hears in every country in the world of Denmark's 
strength. Shall we now drink the healtn of Bertel ? " 

But the little lad in the bed saw plainly the old 
Kronborg with the Ore Sound, the real Holger Danske, 
who sat deep below, with his beard grown through the 
marble table, dreaming of all that happens up here. 
Holger Danske also dreamed of the little humble room 
where the carver sat ; he heard all that passed, and 
nodded in his sleep, and said  

" Yes, remember me, ye Danish folk ; remember me, 
I shall come in the hour of need." 

And without by the Kronborg shone the bright day, 
and the wind carried the notes of the hunting- Horn over 
from the neighboring land; the ships sailed 'ast, and 

330 



Holger Danske 

saluted  ^' Boom ! boom ! " and from the Kronborg came 
the reply, ^* Boom ! boom ! '* But Holger Danske did 
not awake, however loudly they shot, for it was only 
" Good-day " and " Thank you ! " There must be 
another kind of shooting before he awakes ; but he will 
awake, for there is uth in Holger Danske. 



331 



THE GOOSE-GIRL AT THE WELL 

T^HERE was once upon a time a very old woman, 
^ who lived with her flock of geese in a waste place 
among the mountains, and there had a little house. The 
waste was surrounded by a large forest, and every morn- 
ing the old woman took her crutch and hobbled into 
it. There, however, the dame was quite active, more so 
than any one would have thought, considering her age, 
and collected grass for her geese, picked all the wild fruit 
she could reach, and carried everything home on her 
back. Any one would have thought that the heavy load 
would have weighed her to the ground, but she always 
brought it safely home. If any one met her, she greeted 
him quit6 courteously. " Good day, dear countryman, 
it is a fine day. Ah ! you wonder that I should drag 
grass about, but every one must take his burden on his 
back." Nevertheless, people did not like to meet her 
if they could help it, and took by preference a round- 
about way, and when a father with his boys passed her, 
he whispered to them, " Beware of the old woman. She 
has claws beneath her gloves ; she is a witch." One 
morning, a handsome young man was going through the 
forest. The sun shone bright, the birds sang, a cool 
breeze crept through the leaves, and he was full of joy 
and gladness. He had as yet met no one, when he sud- 

332 



The Goose-Girl at the Well 

denly perceived the old witch kneeling on the ground 
cutting grass with a sickle. She had already thrust a 
whole load into her cloth, and near it stood two baskets, 
which were filled with wild apples and pears. ''But, 
good little mother/' said he, '' how canst thou carry all 
that away ? " 'f I must carry it, dear sir," answered she ; 
'' rich folk's children have no need to do such things, but 
with the peasant folk the saying goes, don't look behind 
you, you will only see how crooked your back is ! " 

" Will you help me ? " she said, as he remained 
standing by her. '' You have still a straight back and 
young legs, it would be a trifle to you. Besides, my 
house is not so very fiu* from here, it stands there on the 
heath behind the hill. How soon you would bound lip 
thither. " The young man took compassion on the old 
woman. '' My father is certainly no peasant," replied 
he, '' but a rich count ; nevertheless, that you may see 
that it is not only peasants who can carry things, I will 
take your bundle." " If you will try it," said she, " I 
shall be very glad. You will certainly have to walk for 
an hour, but what will that signify to you; only you 
must carry the apples and pears as well ? " It now 
seemed to the young man just a little serious, when he 
heard of an hour's walk, but the old woman would not 
let him off, packed the bundle on his back, and hung the 
two baskets on his arm. '' See, it is quite light," said she. 
'' No it is not light," answered the count, and pulled a rue- 
ful hct. '' Verily, the bundle weighs as heavily as if it 
were full of cobble-stones, and the apples and pears areas 

333 



Fairy Tales 

heavy as lead ! I can scarcely breathe/* He had a mind 
to put everything down again, but the old woman would 
not allow it. " Just look,'* said she mockingly, " the young 
gentleman will not carry what I, an old woman, have so 
often dragged along. You are ready with fine words, but 
when it comes to be earnest, you want to take to your 
heels. Why are you standing loitering there ? " she con- 
tinued. " Step out. No one will take the bundle off 
again." As long as he walked on level ground, it was 
still bearable, but when they came to the hill and had to 
climb, and the stones rolled down under his feet as if 
they were alive, it was beyond his strength. The drops 
of perspiration stood on his forehead, and ran, hot and 
cold,jdown his back. '' Dame,** said he, ^' I can go no 
further. I want to rest a little." " Not here,*' answered 
the old woman ; " when we have arrived at our journey's 
end, you can rest ; but now you must go forward. Who 
knows what good it may do you ? " " Old woman, thou 
art becoming shameless ! " said the count, and tried tb 
throw off the bundle, but he labored in vain ; it stuck 
as fast to his back as if it grew there. He turned and 
twisted, but he could not get rid of it. The old woman 
laughed at this, and sprang about quite delighted on her 
crutch. " Don't get angry, dear sir," said she ; ** you are 
growing as red in the face as a turkey-cock ! Carry your 
bundle patiently. I will give you a good present when 
we get home." 

What could he do ? He was obliged to submit to 
his fate, and crawl along patiently behind the old woman. 

334 



The Goose-Girl at the Well 

She seemed to grow more and more nimble, and his bur- 
den still heavier. All at once she made a spring, jumped 
on to the bundle and seated herself on the top of it ; and 
however withered she might be, she was yet heavier than 
the stoutest country lass. The youth's knees trembled, 
but when he did not go on, the old woman hit him about 
the legs with a switch and with stinging-nettles. Groan- 
ing continually, he climbed the mountain, and at length 
reached the old woman's house, when he was just about 
to drop. When the geese perceived the old woman, 
they flapped their wings, stretched out their necks, ran 
to meet her, cackling all the while. Behind the flock 
walked, stick in hand, an old wench, strong and big, but 
ugly as night. *' Good mother,*' said she to the old woman, 
'^ has anything happened to you, you have stayed away 
so long ? " " By no means, my dear daughter," answered 
she ; ^' I have met with nothing bad, but, on the contrary, 
with this kind gentleman, who has carried my burden 
for me ; only think, he even took me on his back when 
I was tired. The way, too, has not seemed long to us ; 
we have been merry, and have been cracking jokes with 
each other all the time." At last the old woman slid 
down, took the bundle off the young man's back, and 
the baskets from his arm, looked at him quite kindly, 
and said, " Now seat yourself on the bench before the 
door, and rest. You have fairly earned your wages, and 
they shall not be wanting." Then she said to the goose- 
girl, '' Go into the house, my dear daughter, it is not 
becoming for thee to be alone with a young gentleman ; 

335 



Fairy Tales 

one must not pour oil on to the fire, he might fall in 
love with thee." The count knew not whether to laugh 
or to cry. '' Such a sweetheart as that," thought he, 
'^ could not touch my heart, even if she were thirty years 
younger." In the meantime the old woman stroked and 
fondled her geese as if they were children, and then went 
into the house with her daughter. The youth lay down 
on the bench, under a wild apple-tree. The air was 
warm and mild ; on all sides stretched a green meadow, 
which was set with cowslips, wild thyme, and a thousand 
other flowers ; through the midst of it rippled a clear 
brook on which the sun sparkled, and the white geese 
went walking backward and forward, or paddled in the 
water. 'Mt is quite delightful here," said he, " but I am 
so tired that I cannot keep my eyes open ; I will sleep 
a little. If only a gust of wind does not come and blow 
ray legs off my body, for they are as rotten as tinder." 

When he had slept a little while, the old woman 
came and shook him till he awoke. '^ Sit up," said she, 
*' thou canst not stay here ; I have certainly treated thee 
hardly, still it has not cost thee thy life. Of money and 
land thou hast no need, here is something else for thee." 
Thereupon she thrust a little book into his hand, which 
was cut out of a single emerald. '^ Take great care of 
it," ssdd she, " it will bring thee good fortune." The 
count sprang up, and as he felt that he was quite fresh, 
and had recovered his vigor, he thanked the old woman 
for her present, and set off without even once looking 
back at the beautiful daughter. When he was already 

336 



The Goose-Girl at the Well 

some way off, he still heard in the distance the noisy cry 
of the geese. 

For three days the count had to wander in the wilder- 
ness before he could find his way out. He then reached 
a large town, and as no one knew him, he was ted into 
the royal palace, where the King and Queen were sitting 
on their throne. The count fell on one knee, drew the 
emerald book out of his pocket, and laid it at the Queen's 
feet. She bade him rise and hand her the little book. 
Hardly, however, had she opened it, and looked therein, 
than she fell as if dead to the ground. The count was 
seized by the King's servants, and was being led to 
prison, when the Queen opened her eyes, and ordered 
them to release him, and every one was to go out, as she 
wished to speak with him in private. 

When the Queen was alone, she began to weep bit- 
terly, and said, " Of what use to me are the splendors 
and honors with which I am surrounded ; every morning 
I awake in pain and sorrow. I had three daughters, the 
youngest of whom was so beautiful that the whole world 
looked on her as a wonder. She was as white as snow, 
as rosy as apple-blossom, and her hair as radiant as sun- 
beams. When she cried, not tears fell from her eyes, 
but pearls and jewels only. When she was fifteen years 
old, the King summoned all three sisters to come before 
his throne. You should have seen how all the people 
gazed when the youngest entered  it was just as if the 
sun were rising ! Then the King spoke, * My daughters, 
I know not when my last day may arrive ; I will to-day 

337 



Fairy Tales 

decide what each shall receive at my death. You all 
love me, but the one of you who loves me best, shall 
u-e the best/ Each of them said she loved him best. 
' Can you not express to me,' said the King, ' how 
much you do love me, and thus I shall see what you 
mean?* The eldest spoke. 'I love my father as 
dearly as the sweetest sugar.* The second, ' I love my 
father as dearly as my prettiest dress.' But the youngest 
was silent. Then the father said, ^And thou, my 
dearest child, how much dost thou love me ? ' ' I do 
not know, and can compare my love with nothing.' 
But her father insisted that she should name something. 
So she said at last, ' The best food does not please me 
without salt, therefore I love my father like salt.' When 
the King heard that, he fell into a passion, and said, ' If 
thou lovest me like salt, thy love shall also be repaid 
thee with salt.' Then he divided the kingdom between 
the two elder, but caused a sack of salt to be bound on 
the back of the youngest, and two servants had to lead 
her forth into the wild forest ' We all begged and prayed 
for her,' said the Queen, ' but the King's anger was not 
to be appeased. How she cried when she had to leave 
us! the whole road was strewn with the pearls which 
flowed from her eyes. The King soon afterward repented 
of his great severity, and had the whole forest searched 
for the poor child, but no one could find her. When I 
think that the wild beasts have devoured her, I know not 
how to contain myself for sorrow ; many a time I console 
myself with the hope that she is still alive, and may have 

338 



The Goose-Girl at the Well 

hidden herself in a cave, or has found shelter with com- 
passionate people. But picture to yourself, when I 
opened your little emerald book, a pearl lay therein, of 
exactly the same kind as those which used to fall from 
my daughter's eyes ; and then you can also imagine how 
the sight of it stirred my heart. You must tell me how 
you came by that pearl." The count told her that he 
had received it from the old woman in the forest, who had 
appeared very strange to him, and must be a witch, but 
he had neither seen nor heard anything of the Queen's 
child. The King and the Queen resolved to seek out 
the old woman. They thought that there where the pearl 
had been, they would obtain news of their daughter. 

The old woman was sitting in that lonely place at her 
spinning-wheel, spinning. It was already dusk, and a log 
which was burning on the hearth gave a scanty light. 
All at once there was a noise outside, the geese were 
coming home from the pasture, and uttering their hoarse 
cries. Soon afterward the daughter also entered. But 
the old woman scarcely thanked her, and only shook her 
head a little. The daughter sat down beside her, took 
her spinning-wheel, and twisted the threads as nimbly as 
a young girl. Thus they both sat for two hours, and 
exchanged never a word. At last something rustled at 
the window, and two fiery eyes peered in. It was an old 
night-owl, which cried, " Uhu ! " three times. ^ The old 
woman looked up just a little, then she said, ^* Now, my 
little daughter, it is time for thee to go out and do thy 
work." She rose and went out, and where did she go ? 

339 



Fairy Tales 

Over the meadows ever onward into the valley. At last 
she came to a well, with three old oak trees standing be- 
side it ; meanwhile the moon had risen large and round 
over the mountain, and it was so light that one could have 
found a needle. She removed a skin which covered her 
face, then bent down to the well, and b^n to wash her- 
self. When she had finished, she dipped the skin also 
in the water, and then laid it on the meadow, so that it 
should bleach in the moonlight, and dry again. But how 
the maiden was changed ! Such a change as that was 
never seen before ! When the gray mask fell off, her 
golden hair broke forth like sunbeams, and spread about 
like a mantle over her whole form. Her eyes shone out 
as brightly as the stars in heaven, and her cheeks bloomed 
a soft red like apple-blossom. 

But the fair maiden was sad. She sat down and wept 
bitterly. One tear after another forced itself out of her 
eyes, and rolled through her long hair to the ground. 
There she sat, and would have remained sitting a long 
time, if there had not been a rustling and cracking in the 
boughs of the neighboring tree. She sprang up like a 
roe which had been overtaken by the shot of the hunter. 
Just then the moon was obscured by a dark cloud, and 
in an instant the maiden had slipped on the old skin and 
vanished, like a light blown out by the wind. 

She ran back home, trembling like an aspen leaf. The 
old woman was standing on the threshold, and the girl 
was about to relate what had befallen her, but the old 
woman laughed kindly, and said, ^' I already know all/' 

340 



The Goose-Girl at the Well . 

She led her into a room and lighted a new log. She did 
notj however, sit down to her spinning again, but fetched 
a broom and b^n to sweep and scoun '^ All must be 
clean and sweet/' she said to the girL *^ But, mother," 
said the maiden, '' why do you begin work at so late 
an hour ? What do you expect ? '* ^' Dost thou know 
then what time it is ? " asked the old woman. '^ Not yet 
midnight," answered the maiden, '^ but already past eleven 
o'clock." '^ Dost thou not remember," continued the 
old woman, ^* that it is three years to-day since thou 
camest to me ? Thy time is up, we can no longer re- 
main together." The girl was terrified, and said, '^ Alas ! 
dear mother, will you cast me off ? Where shall I go ? 
I have on friends, and no home to which I can go. I 
have always done as you bade me, and you have always 
been satisfied with me ; do not send me away." The old 
woman would not tell the maiden what lay before her. 
" My stay here is over," she said to her, " but when I 
depart, house and parlor must be clean : therefore do not 
hinder me in my work. Have no care for thyself, thou 
shalt find a roof to shelter thee, and the wages which I 
will give thee shall also content thee." '^ But tell me 
what is about to happen," the maiden continued to en- 
treat. ^' I tell thee again, do not hinder me in my work. 
Do not say a word more, go to thy chamber, take the skin 
off thy face, and put on the silken gown which thou 
hadst on when thou camest to me, and then wait in thy 
chamber until I call thee." 

But I must once more tell of the King and Queen, 

341 



Fairy Tales 

who had journeyed forth with the count in order to seek 
out the old woman in the wilderness. The count had 
strayed away from them in the wood by night, and had 
to walk onward alone. Next day it seemed to him that 
he was on the right track. He still went forward, until 
darkness came on, then he climbed a tree, intending to 
pass the night there, for he feared that he might lose his 
way. When the moon illumined the surrounding coun- 
try he perceived a figure coming down the mountain. 
She had no stick in her hand, but yet he could see that 
it was the goose-girl, whom he had seen before in the 
house of the old woman. " Oho," cried he, " there she 
comes, and if I once get hold of one of the witches, 
the other shall not escape me ! " But how astonished 
he was, when she went to the well, took off the skin and 
washed herself, when her golden hair fell down all about 
her, and she was more beautiful than any one whom he 
had ever seen in the whole world. He hardly dared to 
breathe, but stretched his head as far forward through 
the leaves as he dared, and stared at her. Either he bent 
over too far, or whatever the cause might be, the bough 
suddenly cracked, and that very moment the maiden 
slipped into the skin, sprang away like a roe, and as the 
moon was suddenly covered, disappeared from his eyes. 
Hardly had she disappeared, before the count descended 
from the tree, and hastened after her with nimble steps. 
He had not been gone long before he saw, in the twi- 
light, two figures coming over the meadow. It was the 
King and Queen, who had perceived from a distance the 

342 



The Goose-Girl at the Well 

light shining in the old woman's little house, and were 
going to it. The count told them what wonderful things 
he had seen by the well, and they did not doubt that it 
had been their lost daughter. They walked onward full 
of joy, and soon came to the little house. The geese 
were sitting all round it, and had thrust their heads under 
their wings and were sleeping, and not one of them moved. 
The King and Queen looked in at the window ; the old 
woman was sitting there quite quietly spinning, nodding 
her head and never looking round. The room was per- 
fectly clean, as if the little mist men, who carry no dust 
on their feet, lived there. Their daughter, however, they 
did not see. They gazed at all this for a long time ; at 
last they took heart, and knocked softly at the window. 
The old woman appeared to have been expecting them ; 
she rose, and called out quite kindly, " Come in  I 
know you already." When they had entered the room, 
the old woman said, '' You might have spared yourself 
the long walk, if you had not three years ago unjustly 
driven away your child, who is so good and lovable. 
No harm has come to her ; for three years she has had 
to tend the geese ; with them she has learned no evil, but 
has preserved her purity of heart. You, however, have 
been sufficiently punished by the misery in which you 
have lived." Then she went to the chamber and called, 
** Come out, my little daughter." Thereupon the door 
opened, and the princess stepped out in her silken gar- 
ments, with her golden hair and her shining eyes, and it 
was as if an angel from heaven had entered. 

343 



Fairy Tales 

She went up to her father and mother, fell on their 
necks and kissed them ; there was no help for it, they all 
had to weep for joy. The young count stood near them, 
and when she perceived him she became as red in the 
face as a mossrose, she herself did not know why. The 
King said, " My dear child, I have given away my king- 
dom, what shall I give thee ? '* " She needs nothing," 
said the old woman. '^ I give her the tears that she hrs 
wept on your account ; they are precious pearls, finer 
than those that are found in the sea, and worth more 
than your whole kingdom, and I give her my little house 
as payment for her services." When the old woman had 
said that, she disappeared from their sight. The walls 
rattled a little, and when the King and Queen looked 
round, the little house had changed into a splendid pal- 
ace, a royal table had been spread, and the servants were 
running hither and thither. 

The story goes still further, but my grandmother, 
who related it to me, had partly lost her memory, and 
had forgotten the rest. I shall always believe that the 
beautiful princess married the count, and that they re- 
mained together in the palace, and lived there in all hap- 
piness so long as God willed it. Whether the snow- 
white geese, which were kept near the little hut, were 
verily young maidens (no one need take offence) whom 
the old woman had taken under her protection, and 
whether they now received their human form again, and 
stayed as handmaids to the young Queen, I do not ex- 
actly know, but I suspect it. This much is certain, that 

344 



The Goose-Girl at the Well 

the old woman was no witch, as people thought, but a 
wise woman, who meant well. Very likely it was she 
who, at the Princess's birth, gave her the gift of weeping 
pearls instead of tears. That does not happen nowa- 
days, or else the poor would soon become rich. 



*: 



345 



HANS IN LUCK 

 T ANS had served his master for seven years, so he 
*- * said to him, " Master, my time is up ; now I 
should be glad to go back home to my mother ; give me 
my wages/* The master answered, " You have served 
me faithfully and honestly ; as the service was so shall 
the reward be " ; and he gave Hans a piece of gold as 
big as his head. Hans pulled his handkerchief out of 
his pocket, wrapped up the lump in it, put it on his 
shoulder, and set out on the way home. 

As he went on, always putting one foot before the 
other, he saw a horseman trotting quickly and merrily by 
on a lively horse. " Ah ! " said Hans quite loud, " what 
a fine thing it is to ride ! There you sit as on a chair ; 
you stumble over no stones, you save your shoes, and 
get on, you don't know how." 

The rider, who had heard him, stopped and called 
out, " Hollo ! Hans, why do you go on foot, then ? " 

" I must," answered he, " for I have this lump to 
carry home ; it is true that it is gold, but I cannot hold 
my head straight for it, and it hurts my shoulder." 

" I will tell you what," said the rider, " we will ex- 
change : I will give you my horse, and you can give 
me your lump." 

346 



Hans in Luck 

" With all my heart," said Hans, " but I can tell 
you, you will have to crawl along with it." 

The rider got down, took the gold,.and helped Hans 
up ; then gave him the bridle tight in his hands and said, 
** If you want to go at a really good pace, you must click 
your tongue and call out, " Jup ! Jup ! " 

Hans was heartily delighted as he sat upon the horse 
and rode away so bold and free. After a little while he 
thought that it ought to go faster, and he began to click 
with his tongue and call out, " Jup ! Jup ! " The horse 
put himself into a sharp trot, and before Hans knew 
where he was, he was thrown off and lying in a ditch 
which separated the field from the highway. The horse 
would have gone off too if it had not been stopped by a 
countryman, who was coming along the road and driv- 
ing a cow before him. 

Hans got his limbs together and stood up on his 
legs again, but he was vexed, and said to the country- 
man, *' It is a poor joke, this riding, especially when one 
gets hold of a mare like this, that kicks and throws one 
off, so that one has a chance of breaking one's neck. 
Never again will I mount it. Now I like your cow, 
for one can walk quietly behind her, and have, over and 
above, one's milk, butter and cheese every day without 
fail. What would I not give to have such a cow." 
" Well," said the countryman, " if it would give you so 
much pleasure, I do not mind giving the cow for the 
horse." 

Hans agreed with the greatest delight ; the coun- 

347 



Fairy Tales 

tryman jumped upon the horse, and rode quickly- 
away. 

Hans drove his cow quietly before him, and thought 
over his lucky bargain. ^' If only I have a morsel of 
bread  and that can hardly fail me  I can eat butter and 
cheese with it as often as I like ; if I am thirsty, I can 
milk my cow and drink the milk. Good heart, what 
more can I want ? " 

When he came to an inn he made a halt, and in his 
great content ate up what he had with him  his din- 
ner and supper  and all he had, and with his last few 
farthings had half a glass of beer. Then he drove his 
cow onward along the road to his mother's village. 

As it drew nearer mid-day, the heat was more op- 
pressive, and Hans found himself upon a moor whicli It 
took about an hour to cross. He felt it very hot, and 
his tongue clave to the roof of his mouth with thirst. 
" I can find a cure for this," thought Hans ; " I will 
milk the cow now and refresh myself with the milk.'* 
He tied her to a withered tree, and as he had no pail he 
put his leather cap underneath ; but try as he would, not 
a drop of milk came. And as he set himself to work in a 
clumsy way, the impatient beast at last gave him such 
a blow on his head with its hind foot, that he fell on the 
ground, and for a long time could not think where he 
was. 

By good fortune a butcher just then came along the 
road with a wheel-barrow, in which lay a young pig. 
" What sort of a trick is this ? " cried he, and helped 

348 



Hans in Luck 

the good Hans up* Hans told him what had happened. 
The butcher gave him his flask and said, " Take a drink 
and refresh yourself. The cow will certainly give no 
milk, it is an old beast ; at the best it is only fit for the 
plow, or for the butcher." " Well, well," said Hans, 
as he stroked his hair down on his head, ^^ who would 
have thought it ? Certainly it is a fine thing when one 
can kill a beast like that at home ; what meat one has I 
But I do not care much for beef, it is not juicy enough 
for me. A young pig like that now is the thing to 
have ; it tastes quite different ; and then there are the 
sausages ! " 

" Hark ye, Hans," said the butcher, " out of love 
for you I will exchange, and will let you have the pig 
for the cow." " Heaven repay you for your kindness ! " 
said Hans as he gave up the cow, while the pig was un- 
bound from the barrow, and the cord by which it was 
tied was put in his hand. 

Hans went on, and thought to himself how every- 
thing was going just as he wished ; if he did meet with 
any vexation it was immediately set right. Presently 
there joined him a lad who was carrying a fine white 
goose under his arm. They said good morning to each 
other, and Hans began to tell of his good luck, and how 
he had always made such good bargains. The boy told 
him that he was taking the goose to a christening feast; 
" Just lift her," added he, and laid hold of her by the 
wings ; " how heavy she is  ^she has been fattened up 
for the last eight weeks. Whoever has a bit of her when 

349 



Fairy Tales 

she is roasted will have to wipe the fat from both sides 
of his mouth." ^' Yes," said Hans, as he weighed her 
in one hand, " she is a good weight, but my pig is no 
bad one." 

Meanwhile the lad looked suspiciously from one side 
to the other, and shook his head. ^^ Look here," he 
said at length, ^* it may not be all right with your pig. 
In the village through which I passed the Mayor him- 
self had just had one stolen out of its sty. I fear  I 
fear that you have got hold of it there. They have sent 
out some people, and it would be a bad business if they 
caught you with the pig ; at the very least you would be 
shut up in the dark hole." 

The good Hans was terrified. ^^ Goodness!" he 
said, ^^ help me out of this fix ; you know more about 
this place than I do, take my pig and leave me your 
goose." ^^ I shall risk something at that game," an- 
swered the lad, ^^ but I will not be the cause of your get- 
ting into trouble." So he took the cord in his hand, and 
drove away the pig quickly along a by-path. 

The good Hans, free from care, went homeward with 
the goose under his arm. " When I think over it prop- 
erly," said he to himself, ^' I have even gained by the 
exchange : first there is the good roast meat, then the 
quantity of fat which will drip from it, and which will 
give me dripping for my bread for a quarter of a year, 
and lastly the beautiful white feathers ; I will have my 
pillow stuffed with them, and then indeed I shall go to 
sleep without rocking. How glad my mother will be ! " 

350 



Hans in Luck 

As he was going through the last village, there stood 
a scissors-grinder with his barrow ; as his wheel whirred 
he sang  

" I sharpen scissors and quickly grind. 
My coat blows out in the wind behind." 

Hans stood still and looked at him ; at last he spoke 
to him and said, ^* All's well with, you, as you are so 
merry with your grinding/* " Yes," answered the scis- 
sors-grinder, " the trade has a golden foundation. A 
real grinder is a man who as often as he puts his hand 
into his pocket finds gold in it. But where did you 
buy that fine goose ? " 

'^ I did not buy it, but exchanged my pig for it/' 

" And the pig ? " 

" That I got for a cow/* 

" And the cow ? *' 

*^ 1 took that instead of a horse/' 

 And the horse ? ** 

** For that I gave a lump of gold as big as my head/* 
And the gold ? ** 

Well, that was my wages for seven years* service/' 
You have known how to look after yourself each 
time," said the grinder. " If you can only get on so far 
as to hear the money jingle in your pocket whenever you 
stand up, you will have made your fortune/' 

"How shall I manage that?" said Hans. "You 
must be a grinder, as I am; nothing particular is 
wanted for it but a grindstone, the rest finds itself. I 
have one here ; it is certainly a little worn, but you need 

351 



 
 
 



Fairy Tales 

not give me anything for it but your goose ; will you 
do it ? " 

'^ How can you ask ? " answered Hans. ^' I shall be 
the luckiest fellow on earth ; if I have money whenever 
I put my hand in my pocket, what need I trouble about 
any longer ? " and he handed him the goose and received 
the grindstone in exchange. ^^ Now," said the grinder^ 
as he took up an ordinary heavy stone that lay by him, 
'* here is a strong stone for you into the bargain ; you 
can hammer well upon it, and straighten your old nails. 
Take it with you and keep it carefully." 

Hans loaded himself with the stones, and went on 
with a contented heart ; his eyes shone with joy. ^' I 
must have been born with a caul," he cried ; " every- 
thing I want happens to me just as if I were a Sunday- 
child." 

Meanwhile, as he had been on his legs since day- 
break, he began to feel tired. Hunger also tormented 
him, for in his joy at the bargain by which he got the 
cow he had eaten up all his store of food at once. At 
last he could only go on with great trouble, and was 
forced to stop every minute ; the stones, too, weighed 
him down dreadfully. Then he could not help thinking 
how nice it would be if he had not to carry them just 
then. 

He crept like a snail to a well in a field, and there he 
thought that he would rest and refresh himself with a 
cool draught of water, but in order that he might not 
injure the stones in sitting down, he laid them carefully 

352 



Hans in Luck 

by his side on the edge of the well. Then he sat down 
on it, and was about to stoop and drink, when he made 
a slip, pushed against the stones, and both of them fell 
into the water. When Hans saw them with his own 
eyes sinking to the bottom, he jumped for joy, and then 
knelt down, and with tears in his eyes thanked God for 
having shown him this favor also, and delivered him in 
so good a way, and without his having any need to re- 
proach himself, from those heavy stones which had been 
the only things that troubled him. 

'' There is no man under the sun so fortunate as I," 
he cried out. With a light heart and free from every 
burden he now ran on until he was with his mother at 
home. 



353 



Vol4 



THE PRINCESS^ AND THE NUTS 

ONCE upon a time there lived a king who had three 
daughters. The two eldest were proud and ugly, 
but the youngest was the gentlest and most beautiful 
creature ever seen, and the pride not only of her fiither 
and mother, but of all in the land. 

As it fell out, the three princesses were talking one 
night of whom they would marry. '* I will have no one 
lower than a king," said the eldest princess. The second 
would take a prince, or a great duke even. " Pho, pho," 
said the youngest, laughing, ** you are both so proud ; 
now, I would be content with the Red Bull of Norro- 
way." They thought no more of the matter till the 
next morning, when, as they sat at break&st, they heard 
the most dreadful bellowing at the door, and what should 
it be but the Red Bull come for his bride. 

You may be sure they were all terribly frightened at 
this, for the Red Bull was one of the most horrible crea- 
tures ever seen in the world. The king and queen did 
not know how to save their daughter. At last they de- 
termined to send him off with the old nurse. So they 
put her on his back, and away he went with her till he 
came to a great black forest, when, throwing her down, 
he returned, roaring louder and more frightfully than 
even They then sent, one by one, all the servants, 
1 354 



The Princess and the Nuts 

and then the two eldest princesses. But not one of 
them met with any better treatment than the old nurse^ 
and at last they were forced to send their youngest and 
fevorite child. 

On travelled the lady and the bull through many 
dreadful forests and lonely wastes, till they came at last 
to a noble castle, where a large company was gathered. 
The lord of the castle pressMcd them to stay, though 
much he wondered at the lovely princess and her strange 
companion. 

When they went in among the company, the prin- 
cess espied a pin sticking in the bull's hide, which she 
pulled out, and, to the surprise of all, there appeared, 
not a frightful wild beast, but one of the most beautiful 
princes ever beheld. You may believe how delighted 
the princess was to see him fall at her feet, and thank her 
for breaking his cruel enchantment. There were great 
rejoicings in the castle at this ; but, alas ! at that moment 
the prince suddenly disappeared, and though every place 
was sought, he was nowhere to be found. 

The princess, however, determined to seek through 
all the world for him, and many weary ways she virent, 
but nothing could she hear of her lover. 

Travelling once through a dark wood, she lost her 
way, and as night was coming on, she thought she must 
now certainly die of cold and hunger. But seeing a 
fight through the trees, she went on till she came to a 
little hut, where an old woman lived, who took her in, 
and gave her both food and shelter. In the morning, 

355 



Fairy Tales 

the old wife gave her three nuts, which she was not to 
break till her heart was *' like to break, and over again 
like to break." Then showing her the way, she bade 
God speed her ; and the princess once more set out on 
her wearisome journey. 

She had not gone far before a company of lords and 
ladies rode past her, all talking merrily of the fine doings 
they expected at the Duke of Norroway's wedding. 
Then she came up to a number of people carrying all 
sorts of fine things, and they, too, were going to the 
duke's wedding. At last she came to a castle, where 
nothing was to be seen but cooks and bakers, some run- 
ning one way and some another, and all so busy that 
they did not know what to do first. 

While she was looking at all this, she heard a noise 
of hunters behind her, and some one cried oiit, '' Make 
way for the Duke of Norroway ! " and who should ride 
past but the prince and a beautiful lady. 

You may be sure her heart was now ^' like to break, 
and over again like to break," at this sad sight. So she 
broke one of the nuts, and out came a wee wifie card- 
ing. The princess then went into the castle, and asked 
to see the lady, who no sooner saw the wee wifie so hard 
at work, than she offered the princess anything in her 
castle for it. " I will give it to you," said she, " only 
on condition that you put off for one day your marriage 
with the Duke of Norroway, and that I may go into his 
room alone to-night." So anxious was the lady for the 
nut, that she consented. 

356 



The Princess and the Nuts 

 When dark night was come, and the duke fast asleep, 
the princess was put alone into his chamber. Sitting 
down by his bedside, $he began singing : 

** Far biave I sought thee, near am I brought to thee ; 
Dear Duke of Norroway, won't you ttim and speak to me ^ " 

Though she sang this over and over again, the duke 
never awakened, and in the morning the princess had 
to leave him, without his knowing she had ever been 
there. 

She then broke the second nut, and out came a wee 
wifie spinning, which so del^hted the lady, that she 
readily agreed to put off her marriage another day for it. 
But the princess had no better luck the second night than 
the first. Then, almost in despair, she broke the last 
nut, which contained a wee wifie reeling, and on the same 
condition as before the lady got possession of it. 

When the duke was dressing in the morning, his man 
asked him what the strange singing and moaning that had 
been heard in his room for two nights meant. " I heard 
nothing," said the duke : *^ it could only have been your 
fancy." 

*^ Take no sleeping-draught to-night, and be sure to 
lay aside your pillow of heaviness," said the man, ^^ and 
you will also hear what for two nights has kept me awake.'' 
The duke did so ; and the princess, coming in, sat down 
sighing at his bedside, thinking this the last time she 
might ever see him. 

The duke started up when he heard the voice of his 

357 



Fairy Tales 

dearly loved princess. With many endearing words m{ 
surprise and joy, he explained to her that he had long 
been in the power of an enchantress, whose spells over 
him were now happily ended by their once again meeting. 
The princess, overjoyed to be the means of his second 
deliverance, consented to marry him ; and the enchan- 
tress, who fled that country, afraid of the duke's anger, 
has never since been heard of. 

All was then hurry and preparation in the castle, and 
the marriage, which now took place at once, ended the 
adventures of the Red Bull of Norroway and the wander- 
ings of the king's daughter. 



358 



THE TWELVE DANCING PRINCESSES 

I 

ONCE upon a time there lived in the village of Mon- 
tignies-sur-Roc a little cow-boy, without either 
father or mother. His real name was Michael, but he 
was always called the Star Gazer, because when he drove 
his cows over the commons to seek for pasture, he went 
along with his head in the air, gaping at nothing. 

As he had a white skin, blue eyes, and hair that 
curled all over his head, the village girls used to cry after 
him, " Well, Star Gazer, what are you doing ? " and 
Michael would answer, " Oh, nothing," and go on his 
way without even turning to look at them. 

The fact was he thought them very ugly, with their 
sun-burned necks, their great red hands, their coarse 
petticoats and their wooden shoes. He had heard that 
somewhere in the world there were girls whose necks 
were white and whose hands were small, who were always 
dressed in the finest silks and laces, and were called 
princesses, and while his companions round the fire saw 
nothing in the flames but common every-day fancies, he 
dreamed that he had the happiness to marry a princess. 

II 

One morning about the middle of August, just at 
mid-day when the sun was hottest, Michael ate his dinner 

359 



Fairy Tales 

of a piece of dry bread, and went to sleep under an oak. 

And while he slept he dreamed that there appeared before I 

him a beautiful lady, dressed in a robe of cloth of gold, 

who said to him : *^ Go to the castle of Beloeil, and there 

you shall marry a princess." 

That evening the little cow-boy, who had been think- 
ing a great deal about the advice of the lady in the 
golden dress, told his dream to the farm people. But, 
as was natural, they only laughed at the Star Gazer. 

The next day at the same hour he went to sleep again 
under the same tree. The lady appeared to him a 
second time, and said : " Go to the castle of Beloeil, and 
you shall marry a princess." 

In the evening Michael told his friends that he had 
dreamed the same dream again, but they only laughed at 
him more than before. " Never mind," he thought to 
himself; ^^ if the lady appears to me a third time, I will 
do as she tells me." 

The following day, to the great astonishment of all 
the village, about two o'clock in the afternoon a voice 
was heard singing : 



** Raleo, raleo, 
How Uie cattle got*' 



It was the little cow-boy driving his herd back to the 
byre. 

The farmer began to scold him furiously, but he 
answered quietly, '^ I am going away," made his clothes 
into a bundle, said good-by to all his friends, and boldly 
set out to seek his fortunes. 

360 



The Twelve Dancing Princesses 

There was great excitement through all the village, 
and on the top of the hill the people stood holding their 
sides with laughing, as they watched the Star Gazer 
trudging bravely along the valley with his bundle at 
the end of his stick. 

It was enough to make any one laugh, certainly. 

Ill 

It was well known for full twenty miles round that 
there lived in the castle of Belceil twelve princesses of 
wonderful beauty, and as proud as they were beautiful, 
and who were besides so very sensitive and of such truly 
royal blood, that they would have felt at once the pres- 
ence of a pea in their beds, even if the mattresses had 
been laid over it. 

It was whispered about that they led exactly the lives 
that princesses ought to lead, sleeping far into the morn- 
ing, and never getting up till mid-day. They had twelve 
beds all in the same room, but what was very extraordi- 
nary was the fact that though they were locked in by 
triple bolts, every morning their satin shoes were found 
worn into holes. 

When they were asked what they had been doing 
all night they always answered that they had been 
asleep ; and, indeed, no noise was ever heard in the 
room, yet the shoes could not wear themselves out 
alone ! 

At last the Duke of Belceil ordered the trumpet to 
be sounded, and a proclamation to be made that whoever 

361 



Fairy Tales 

could discover how his daughters wore out their shoes 
should choose one of them for his wife. 

On hearing the proclamation a number of princes 
arrived at the castle to try their luck. They watched all 
night behind the open door of the princesses^ but when 
the morning came they had all disappeared, and no one 
could tell what had become of them. 

IV 

When he reached the castle, Michael went straight 
to the gardener and offered his services. Now it hap- 
pened that the garden boy had just been sent away, and 
though the Star Gazer did not look very sturdy, the 
gardener agreed to take him, as he thought that his pretty 
face and golden curls would please the princesses. 

The first thing he was told was that when the prin- 
cesses got up he was to present each one with a bouquet, 
and Michael thought that if he had nothing more un- 
pleasant to do than that he should get on very well. 

Accordingly he placed himself behind the door of 
the princesses' room, with the twelve bouquets in a basket. 
He gave one to each of the sisters, and they took them 
without even deigning to look at the lad, except Lina the 
youngest, who fixed her large black eyes as soft as velvet 
on him, and exclaimed, " Oh, how pretty he is- our new 
flower boy ! '* The rest all burst out laughing, and the 
eldest pointed out that a princess ought never to lower 
herself by looking at a garden boy. 

Now Michael knew quite well what had happened to 

562 



The Twelve Dancing Princesses 

all the princes, but notwithstanding, the beautiful eyes of 
the Princess Lina inspired him with a violent longing to 
try his htc. Unhappily he did not dare to come forward, 
being afraid that he should only be jeered at, or even 
turned away from the castle on account of his impudence. 



Neverthbless, the Star Gazer had another dream. 
The lady in the golden dress appeared to him once more, 
holding in one hand two young laurel trees, a cherry 
laurel and a rose laurel, and in the other hand a little 
golden rake, a little golden bucket, and a silken towel. 
She thus addressed him : 

'* Plant these two laurels in two large pots, rake 
them over with the rake, water them with the bucket, 
and wipe them with the towel. When they have grown 
as tall as a girl of fifteen, say to each of them, ' My 
beautiful laurel, with the golden rake I have raked you, 
with the golden bucket I have watered you, with the 
silken towel I have wiped you/ Then after that ask 
anything you choose, and the laurels will give it to you/' 

Michael thanked the lady in the golden dress, and 
when he woke he found the two laurel bushes beside him. 
So he carefully obeyed the orders he had been given by 
the lady. 

The trees grew very fast, and when they were as tall 
as a girl of fifteen he said to the cherry laurel, *' My 
lovely cherry laurel, with the golden rake I have raked 
thee, with the golden bucket I have watered thee; with 

363 



Fairy Tales 

the silken towel I have wiped thee. Teach me how 
to become invisible." Then there instantly appeared on 
the laurel a pretty white flower, which Michael gathered 
and stuck into his button-hole. 

VI 

That evening, when the princesses went upstairs to 
bed, he followed them barefoot, so that he m^t make 
no noise, and hid himself under one of the twelve beds^ 
so as not to take up much room. 

The princesses began at once to open their wardrobes 
and boxes. They took out of them the most magnifi- 
cent dresses, which they put on before their mirrors, and 
when they had finished, turned themselves all round to 
admire their appearances. 

Michael could see nothing from his hiding-pkce, but 
he could hear everything, and he listened to the prin- 
cesses laughing and jumping with pleasure. At last the 
eldest said, '' Be quick, my sisters, our partners will be 
impatient." At the end of an hour, when the Star Gazer 
heard no more noise, he peeped out and saw the twelve 
sisters in splendid garments, with their satin shoes on 
their feet, and in their hands the bouquets he had brought 
them. 

Are you ready ? " asked the eldest. 
Yes," replied the other eleven in chorus, and they 
took their places one by one behind her. 

Then the eldest Princess clapped her hands three 
times and a trap door opened. All the princesses dia- 

364 






 



The Twelve Dancing Princesses 

appeared down a secret staircase, and Michael hastily 
followed them. 

As he was foUowing on the steps of the Princess 
Lina, he carelessly trod on her dress. 

There is somebody behind me/' cried the Princess ; 
they are holding my dress." 

You foolish thing/' said her eldest sister, '* you are 
always afraid of something. It is only a nail which 
caught you." 

VII 

They went down, down, down, till at last they came 
to a passage with a door at one end, which was only 
fastened with a latch. The eldest Princess opened it, 
and they found themselves immediately in a lovely little 
wood, where the leaves were spangled with drops of 
silver which shone in the brilliant light of the moon. 

They next crossed another wood where the leaves 
were sprinkled with gold, and after that another still, 
where the leaves glittered with diamonds. 

At last the Star Gazer perceived a large lake, and on 
the shores of the lake twelve little boats with awnings, in 
which were seated twelve princes, who, grasping thdr 
oars, awaited the princesses. 

Each princess entered one of the boats, and Michael 
slipped into that which held the youngest. The boats 
glided along rapidly, but Una's, from being heavier, was 
always behind the rest. " We never went so slowly be- 
lore," said the Princess ; ^' what can be the reason ? '* 

365 



Fairy Tales 

" I don't know," answered the Prince. " I assure 
you I am rowing as hard as I can." 

On the other side of the lake the garden boy saw a 
beautiful castle splendidly illuminated, whence came the 
lively music of fiddles, kettle-drums, and trumpets. 

In a moment they touched land, and the company 
jumped out of the boats ; and the princes, after having 
securely . fastened their barques, gave their arms to the 
princesses and conducted them to the castle. 

VIII 

Michael followed, and entered the ball-room in 
their train. Everywhere were mirrors, lights, flowers, 
and damask hangings. 

The Star Gazer was quite bewildered at the mag- 
nificence of the sight. 

He placed himself out of the way in a corner, admir- 
ing the grace and beauty of the princesses. Their love- 
liness was of every kind. Some were fair and some were 
dark ; some had chestnut hair, or curls darker still, and 
some had golden locks. Never were so many beautiful 
princesses seen together at one time, but the one whom 
the cow-boy thought the most beautiful and the most 
fascinating was the little Princess with the velvet eyes. 

With what eagerness she danced! leaning on her 
partner's shoulder she swept by like a whirlwind. Her 
cheeks flushed, her eyes sparkled, and it was plain that 
she loved dancing better than anything else. 

The poor boy envied those handsome young men 

366 



The Twelve Dancing Princesses 

with whom she danced so gracefully, but he did not 
know how little reason he had to be jealous of them. 

The young men were really the princes who, to the 
number of fifty at least, had tried to steal the princesses' 
secret. The princesses had made them drink something 
of a philtre, which froze the heart and left nothing but 
the love of dancing. 

IX 

They danced on till the shoes of the princesses were 
worn into holes. When the cock crowed the third time 
the fiddles stopped, and a delicious supper was served by 
negro boys, consisting of sugared orange flowers, crystal- 
lized rose leaves, powdered violets, cracknels, wafers, and 
other dishes, which are, as every one knows, the favorite 
food of princesses. 

After supper, the dancers all went back to their boats, 
and this time the Star Grazer entered that of the eldest 
Princess. They crossed again the wood with the diamond- 
spangled leaves, the wood with gold-sprinkled leaves, and 
the wood whose leaves glittered with drops of silver, and 
as a proof of what he had seen, the boy broke a small 
branch from a tree in the last wood. Lina turned as she 
heard the noise made by the breaking of the branch. 

'^ What was that noise ? " she said. 

*' It was nothing," replied her eldest sister ; '' it was 
only the screech of the barn-owl that roosts in one of the 
turrets of the castle." 

While she was speaking Michael managed to slip ia 

367 



Fairy Tales 

front, and running up the staircase, he reached the prin- 
cesses' room first. He flung open the window, and 
sliding down the vine which climbed up the wall, found 
himself in the garden just as the sun was beginning to 
rise, and it was time for him to set to his work. 



That day, when he made up the bouquets, Michael 
hid the branch with the silver drops in the nosegay in- 
tended for the youngest Princess. 

When Lina discovered it she was much surprised. 
However, she said nothing to her sisters, but as she 4net 
the boy by accident while she was walking under the shade 
of the elms, she suddenly stopped as if to speak to him ; 
then, altering her mind, went on her way. 

The same evening the twelve sisters went again to the 
ball, and the Star Gazer again followed them and crossed 
the lake in Lina's boat. This time it was the Prince 
who complained that the boat seemed very heavy. 

" It is the heat," replied the Princess. " I, too, have 
been feeling very warm." 

During the ball she looked everywhere for the gar- 
dener's boy, but she never saw him. 

As they came back, Michael gathered a branch from 
the wood with the gold-spangled leaves, and now it was 
the eldest Princess who heard the noise that it made in 
breaking. 

'* It is nothing," said Lina ; ** only the cry of the owl 
which roosts in the turrets of the castle." 

368 



The Twelve Dancing Princesses 



XI 

As SOON as she got up she found the branch in her 
bouquet. When the sisters went down she stayed a little 
behind and said to the cow-boy: '^ Where does this 
branch come from ? " 

'* Your Royal Highness knows well enough," answered 
Michael. 

" So you have followed us ? " 

"Yes, Princess.'* 

'* How did you manage it ? we never saw you/* 

'* I hid myself/' replied the Star Gazer quietly. 

The Princess was silent a moment, and then said : 

" You know our secret !  keep it. Here is the re- 
ward of your discretion." And she flung the boy a purse 
of gold. 

^ I do not sell my silence/' answered Michael, and 
he went away without picking up the purse. 

For three nights Una neither saw nor heard anything 
extraordinary ; on the fourth she heard a rustling among 
the diamond-spangled leaves of the wood. 

And that day there was a branch of the trees in her 
bouquet. 

She took the Star Gazer aside, and said to him in a 
harsh voice : 

'* You know what price my father has promised ta 
pay for our secret ? " 

** I know. Princess/' answered Michael. 

" Don't you mean to tell him ? ** 

369 



Fairy Tales 

" That is not my intention." 

" Are you afraid ? " 

" No, Princess." 

" What makes you so discreet, then ? " 

But Michael was silent. 

XII 

LiNA*s sisters had seen her talking to the little garden 
boy, and jeered at her for it. 

" What prevents your marrying him ? " asked the eld- 
est, '' you would become a gardener too ; it is a charm- 
ing profession. You could live in a cottage at the end of 
tht park, and help your husband to draw up water from 
the well, and when we get up you could bring us our 
bouquets." 

The Princess Lina was very angry, and when the 
Star Gazer presented her bouquet, she received it in a 
disdainfril manner. 

Michael behaved most respectfully. He never raised 
his eyes to her, but nearly all day she felt him at her side 
without ever seeing him. 

One day she made up her mind to tell everything to 
her eldest sister. 

^' What ! " said she, '* this rogue knows our secret9 
and you never told me ! I must lose no time in getting 
rid of him." 

" But how ? " 

*' Why, by having him taken to the tower with the 
dungeons, of course." 

370 



The Twelve Dancing Princesses 

For this was the way that in old times beautiful prin- 
cesses got rid of people who knew too much. 

But the astonishing part of it was that the youngest 
sister did not seem at all to relish this method of stop- 
ping the mouth of the gardener's boy, who, after all, had 
said nothing to their father. 

XIII 

It was agreed that the question should be submitted 
to the other ten sisters. All were on the side of the eld- 
est. Then the youngest sister declared that if they laid 
a finger on the little garden boy, she would herself go 
and tell their father the secret of the holes in their shoes. 

At last it was decided that Michael should be put to 
the test ; that they would take him to the ball, and at 
the end of supper would give him the philtre which was 
to enchant him like the rest. 

They sent for the Star Gazer, and asked him how he 
had contrived to learn their secret ; . but still he remained 
silent. 

Then, in commanding tones, the eldest sister gave 
him the order they had agreed upon. 

He only answered : 

" I will obey." 

He had really been present, invisible, at the council 
of princesses, and had heard all ; but he had made up 
his mind to drink of the philtre, and sacrifice himself to 
the happiness of her he loved. 

Not wishing, however, to cut a poor figure at the ball 

371 



Fairy Tales 



by the sde of the other dancers, he went at once to the 
laurels, and said : 

'' My lovely rose laurel, with the golden rake I have 
raked thee, with the golden bucket I have watered thee^ 
with a silken towel I have dried thee. Dress me like a 
prince." 

A beautiful pink flower appeared. Michael gathered 
it, and found himself in a moment clothed in velvet, 
which was as black as the eyes of the little Princess, with 
a cap to match, a diamond aigrette, and a blossom of the 
rose laurel in his button-hole. 

Thus dressed, he presented himself that evening be- 
fore the Duke of Belceil, and obtained leave to try and 
discover his daughters' secret He looked so distin- 
guished that hardly any one would have known who he 
was. 

XIV 

The twelve princesses went upstairs to bed. Michael 
followed them, and waited behind the open door till they 
gave the signal for departure. 

This time he did not cross in lina's boat. He gave 
his arm to the eldest sister, danced with each in turn, and 
was so graceful that every one was delighted with him. 
At last the time came for him to dance with the little 
Princess. She found him the best partner in the worlds 
but he did not dare to speak a single word to her. 

When he was taking her back to her place she said 
Id him in a mocking voice : 

37a 



The Twelve Dancing Princesses 

'* Here you are at the summit of your wishes : you 
are being treated like a prince/' 

" Don*t be afraid," replied the Star Gazer gently. 
* You shall never be a gardener's wife/' 

The little Princess stared at him with a frightened 
iace, and he left her without waiting for an answer. 

When the satin slippers were worn through the 
fiddles stopped, and the negro boys set the table. Mi- 
chael was placed next to the eldest sister, and opposite to 
the youngest 

They gave him the most exquisite dishes to eat, and 
the most delicate wines to drink ; and in order to turn 
his head more completely, compliments and flattery were 
heaped on him from every side. 

But he took care not to be intoxicated, either by the 
wine or the compliments. 

XV 

At last the eldest sister made a sign, and one of the 
black pages brought in a large golden cup. 

'* The enchanted castle has no more secrets for you," 
she said to the Star Gazer. ''Let us drink to your 
triumph." 

He cast a lingering glance at the little Princess, and 
without hesitation lifted the cup. 

" Don't drink ! " suddenly cried out the little Prin- 
cess ; " I would rather marry a gardener." 

And she burst into tears. 

Michael flung the contents of the cup behind him, 

373 



Fairy Tales 

prang over the table and fell at Una's feet. The rest 
of the princes fell likewise at the knees of the prinoessea^ 
each of whom chose a husband and raised him to her 
side. The charm was broken. 

The twelve couples embarked in the boats, which 
crossed back many times in order to carry over the other 
pnnces. 

Then they all went through the three woods, and 
when they had passed the door of the undeiground 
passage a great noise was heard, as if the enchanted castle 
was crumbling to the earth. 

They went straight to the room of the Duke of Be- 
loeil, who had just awoke. Michael held in his hand the 
golden cup, and he revealed the secret of the holes in the 
shoes. 

" Choose, then," said the Duke, " whichever you 
prefer." 

"My choice is already made," replied the garden 
boy, and he offered his hand to the youngest Princess, 
who blushed and lowered her eyes. 

XVI 

The Princess Lina did not become a gardener's wife ; 
on the contrary, it was the Star Gazer who became a 
Prince : but before the marri^e ceremony the Princess 
insisted that her lover should tell her how he came to 
discover the secret. 

So he showed her the two laurels which had helped 
him, and she, like a prudent girl, thinking they gave him 

374 



The Twelve Dancing Princesses 

too much advantage over his wife, cut them off at the 
root and threw them in the fire. 

And this is why the country girls go about singing : 

Notis n*iroxi8 pltis au bois, 
Les lauriers sont coupes,*' 

and dancing in summer by the light of the moon. 



375 



THE WATER-LILY. THE GOLD-SPINNERS 

/^^NCE upon a time in a large forest, there liTed aa 
^^^ old woman and three maidens. They were all three 
beautiful) but the youngest was the fairest. Their hut 
was quite hidden by trees, and none saw their beauty but 
the sun by day, the moon by night, and the eyes of the 
stars. The old woman kept the girls hard at work, from 
morning till night, spinning gold flax into yarn, and when 
one distaff was empty another was given them, so they 
had no rest. The thread had to be fine and even, and 
when done was locked up in a secret chamber by the 
old woman, who twice or thrice every summer went a 
journey. Before she went she gave out work for each 
day of her absence, and always returned in the night, so 
that the girls never saw what she brought back with her, 
neither would she tell them whence the gold flax came, 
nor what it was to be used for. 

Now, when the time came round for the old woman 
to set out on one of these journeys, she gave each maid- 
en work for six days, with the usual warning, *' Chil- 
dren, don't let your eyes wander, and on no account 
speak to a man, for, if you do, your thread will lose its 
brightness, and misfortunes of all kinds will follow/* 
They laughed at this oft-repeated caution, saying to each 

J76 



Water-Lily Gold-Spinners 

other: '^How can our gold thread lose its brightnesi^ 
and have we any chance of speaking to a man ? *' 

On the third day after the old woman's departure a 
young prince, hunting in the forest, got separated from 
his companions, and completely lost. Weary of seeking 
his way, he flung himself down under a tree, leaving his 
horse to browse at will, and fell asleep. 

The sun had set when he awoke and began once more 
to try and find his way out of the forest. At last he 
perceived a narrow foot-path, which he eagerly followed 
and found that it led him to a small hut. The maidens, 
who were sitting at the door of their hut for coolness, saw 
him approaching, and the two elder were much alarmed, 
for they remembered the old woman's warning ; but the 
youngest said : ^^ Never before have I seen any one like 
him ; let me have one look." They entreated her to 
come in, but, seeing that she would not, left her, and the 
Prince, coming up, courteously greeted the maiden, and 
told her he had lost his way in the forest and was both 
hungry and weary. She set food before him, and was so 
delighted with his conversation that she forgot the old 
woman's caution, and lingered for hours. In the mean- 
time the Prince's companions sought him far and wide, 
but to no purpose, so they sent two messengers to tell 
the sad news to the King, who immediately ordered a 
regiment of cavalry and one of infantry to go and look 
for him. 

After three days' search, they found the hut. The 
Prince was still sitting by the door, and had been so 

377 

Q Vol 4 



Fairy Tales 

happy in the maiden's company that the time had seemed 
like a single hour. Before leaving he promised to return 
and fetch her to his father's court, where he would make 
her his bride. When he had gone, she sat down to her 
wheel to make up for lost time, but was dismayed to find 
that her thread had lost all its brightness. Her heart 
beat fast and she wept bitterly, for she remembered the 
old woman's warning and knew not what misfortune 
might now befall her. 

The old woman returned in the night and knew by 
the tarnished thread what had happened in her absence. 
She was furiously angry and told the maiden that she had 
brought down misery both on herself and on the Prince. 
The maiden could not rest for thinking of this. At last 
she could bear it no longer, and resolved to seek help 
from the Prince. 

As a child she had learned to understand the speech 
of birds, and this was now of great use to her, for, seeing 
a raven pluming itself on a pine bough, she cried softly 
to it : " Dear bird, cleverest of all birds, as well as swift- 
est of wing, wilt thou help me ? " " How can I help 
thee ? " asked the raven. She answered : " Fly away, 
until thou comest to a splendid town, where stands a 
king's palace ; seek out the king's son and tell him that 
a great misfortune has befallen me." Then she told the 
raven how her thread had lost its brightness, how terri- 
bly angry the old woman was, and how she feared some 
great disaster. The raven promised faithfully to do her 
bidding, and, spreading its wings, flew away. The 

378 



Water-Lily Gold-Spinners 

maiden now went home and worked hard all day at 
winding up the yarn her elder sisters had spun, for the 
old woman would let her spin no longer. Toward even- 
ing she heard the raven's " craa, craa " from the pine 
tree and eagerly hastened thither to hear the answer. 

By great good fortune the raven had found a 
wind wizard's son in the palace garden, who understood 
the speech of birds, and to him he had entrusted the 
message. When the Prince heard it, he was very sor- 
rowful, and took counsel with his friends how to free the 
maiden. Then he said to the wind wizard's son : ^' Beg 
the raven to fly quickly back to the maiden and tell her 
to be ready on the ninth night, for then will 1 come and 
fetch her away." The wind wizard's son did this^ and 
the raven flew so swiftly that it reached the hut that 
same evening. The maiden thanked the bird heartily 
and went home, telling no one what she had heard. 

As the ninth night drew near she became very un- 
happy, for she feared lest some terrible mischance should 
arise and ruin all. On the night she crept quietly out 
of the house and waited trembling at some little distance 
from the hut. Presently she heard the muffled tramp 
of horses, and soon the armed troop appeared, led by the 
Prince, who had prudently matked all the trees before- 
hand in order to know the way. When he saw the 
maiden he sprang from his horse, lifted her into the sad- 
dle, and then, mounting behind, rode homeward. The 
moon shone so brightly that they had no difficulty in 
seeing the marked trees. 

379 



Fairy Tales 

By and by the coming dawn loosened the tongues of 
all the birds, and, had the Prince only known what they 
were saying, or the maiden* been listening, they might 
have been spared much sorrow, but they were thinking 
only of each other, and when they came out of the forest 
the sun was high in the heavens. 

Next morning, when the youngest girl did not come 
to her work, the old woman asked where she was. ' The 
sisters pretended not to know, but the old woman easily 
guessed what had happened, and, as she was in reality a 
wicked witch, determined to punish the fugitives. Ac- 
cordingly, she collected nine different kinds of enchanters* 
nightshade, added some salt, which she first bewitched, 
and, doing all up in a cloth into the shape of a flufiy ball, 
sent it after them on the wings of the wind, saying : 

Whirlwind I mother of the wind I 
Lfcnd thy aid 'gainst her who sinned 1 
Carry with thee this magic ball. 
Cast her from his arms forever, 
Bary her in the rippling river. 

At midday the Prince and his men came to a deep 
river, spanned by so narrow a bridge that only one rider 
could cross at a time. The horse on which the Prince 
and the maiden were riding had just reached the middle 
when the magic ball flew by. The horse in its fright 
suddenly reared, and before any one could stop it flung 
the maiden into the swift current below. The Prince 
tried to jump in after her, but his men held him back, 
and in spite of his struggles led him home, where for six 
weeks he shut himself up in a secret chamber, and would 

380 



Water-Lily Gold-Spinners 

neither eat nor drink, so great was his grief. At last he 
became so ill his life was despaired of, and in great alarm 
the King caused all the wizards of his country to be sum- 
moned. But none could cure him. At last the wind 
wizard's son said to the King : ^' Send for the old wizard 
from Finland, he knows more than all the wizards of 
your kingdom put together." A messenger was at once 
sent to Finland, and a week later the old wizard himself 
arrived on the wings of the wind. " Honored King," 
said the wizard, ^' the wind has blown this illness upon 
your son, and a magic ball has snatched away his beloved. 
This it is which makes him grieve so constantly. Let 
the wind blow upon him that it may blow away his 
sorrow." Then the King made his son go out into the 
wind, and he gradually recovered and told his hthcr all. 
** Forget the maiden," said the King, '' and take another 
bride " ; but the Prince said he could never love another. 
A year afterward he came suddenly upon the bridge 
where his beloved had met her death. As he recalled 
the misfortune he wept bitterly, and would have given 
all he possessed to have her once more alive. In the 
midst of his grief he thought he heard a voice singing, 
and looked round, but could see no one. Then he heard 
the voice again, and it said : 

Alas 1 bewitched and all forsaken, 
*Ti8 I must he forever here ! 
My beloved no thought has taken 
To free his bride, that was so dear. 

He was greatly astonished, sprang from his horse, and 

381 



Fairy Tales 

looked everywhere to see if no one were hidden under 
the bridge ; but no one was there. Then he noticed a 
yellow water-lily floating on the surface of the water, half 
hidden by its broad leaves ; but flowers do not sing, and 
in great surprise he waited, hoping to hear more. Then 
again the voice sang : 

Alas 1 bewitched and all forsaken, 
*Tis I must lie forever here ; 
My beloved no thought has taken 
To free his bride, that was so dear. 

The Prince suddenly remembered the gold-spinners, and 
said to himself: '* If I ride thither, who knows but that 
they could explain this to me ? " He at once rode to 
the hut, and found the two maidens at the fountain. He 
told them what had befallen their sister the year before, 
and how he had twice heard a strange song, but yet could 
see no singer. They said the yellow water-lily could be 
none other than their sister, who was not dead, but trans- 
formed by the magic ball. Before he went to bed, the 
eldest made a cake of magic herbs, which she gave him 
to eat. In the night he dreamed that he was living in the 
forest and could understand all that the birds said to each 
other. Next morning he told this to the maidens, and 
they said that the charmed cake had caused it, and ad- 
vised him to listen well to the birds, and see what they 
could tell him, and when he had recovered his bride they 
Pegged him to return and deliver them from their 
wretched bondage. 

Having promised this, he joyfully returned home, and 

382 



Water-Lily Gold-Spinners 

as he was riding through the forest he could perfectly 
understand all that the birds said. He heard a thrush 
say to a magpie : ^^ How stupid men are ! they cannot 
understand the simplest thing. It is now quite a year 
since a maiden was transformed into a water-lily, and, 
though she sings so sadly that any one going over the 
bridge niust hear her, yet no one comes to her aid. Her 
former bridegroom rode over it a few days ago and heard 
her singing, but was no wiser than the rest.*' 

*' And he is to blame for all her misfortunes," added 
the magpie. ''If he heeds only the words of men she 
will remain a flower forever. She were soon delivered 
were the matter only laid before the old wizard of Fin- 
land." 

After hearing this, the Prince wondered how he could 
get a message conveyed to Finland. He heard one 
swallow say to another : '' Come, let us fly to Finland : 
we can build better nests there." 

" Stop, kind friends ! " cried the Prince. " Will ye 
do something for me ? " The birds consented, and he 
said : '' Take a thousand greetings from me to the wizard 
of Finland, and ask him how I may restore a maiden 
transformed into a flower to her own form." 

The swallows flew away, and the Prince rode on to the 
bridge. There he waited, hoping to hear the song. But 
he heard nothing but the rushing of the water and the 
moaning of the wind, and, disappointed, rode home. 

Shortly after, he was sitting in the garden, thinking 
that the swallows must have forgotten his message, when 

383 



Fairy Tales 

he saw an eagle flying above him. The bird gradually 
descended until it perched on a tree close to the Prince 
and said : .*' The wizard of Finland greets thee and bids 
me say that thou mayst free the maiden thus: Go to 
the river and smear thyself all over with mud ; then say : 
' From a man into a crab/ and thou wilt become a crab. 
Plunge boldly into the water, swim as close as thou canst 
to the water-lily's roots, and loosen them from the mud 
and reeds. This done, fasten thy claws into the roots 
and rise with them to the surface. Let the water flow 
all over the flower, and drift with the current until thou 
comest to a mountain ash tree on the left bank. There 
is near it a large stone. Stop there and say : ' From a 
crab into a man, from a water-lily into a maiden,^ and 
ye both will be restored to your own forms." 

Full of doubt and fear, the Prince let some time pass 
before he was bold enough to attempt to rescue the 
maiden. Then a crow said to him : ^' Why dost thou 
hesitate ? The old wizard has not told thee wrong, neither 
have the birds deceived thee ; hasten and dry the maiden's 
tears." 

^^ Nothing worse than death can befall me," thought 
the Prince, ^^ and death is better than endless sorrow." 
So he mounted his horse and went to the bridge. Again 
he heard the water-lily's lament, and, hesitating no longer, 
smeared himself all over with mud> and, saying, '^ From 
a man into a crab," plunged into the river. For one 
moment the water hissed in his ears, and then all was 
silent. He swam up to the plant and began to loosen 

384 



Water- Lily Gold-Spinners 

its roots, but so firmly were they fixed in the mud and 
reeds that this took him a long time. He then grasped 
them and rose to the surface, letting the water flow over 
the flower. The current carried them down the stream, 
but nowhere could he see the mountain ash. At last he 
saw it, and close by the large stone. Here he stopped 
and said : ^' From a crab into a man, from a water-lily 
into a maiden," and to his delight found himself once 
more a prince, and the maiden was by his side. She was 
ten times more beautiful than before, and wore a magni- 
ficent pale yellow robe, sparkling with jewels. She thanked 
him for having freed her from the cruel witch's power, 
and willingly consented to marry him. 

But when they came to the bridge where he had left 
his horse it was nowhere to be seen, for, though the 
Prince thought he had been a crab only a few hours, he 
had in reality been under the water for more than ten 
days. While they were wondering how they should reach 
his fiither's court, they saw a splendid coach driven by six 
gayly caparisoned horses coming along the bank. In this 
they drove to the palace. The King and Queen were at 
church, weeping for their son, whom they had long 
mourned for dead. Great was their delight and astonish- 
ment when the Prince entered, leading the beautiful maiden 
by the hand. The wedding was at once celebrated, and 
there was feasting and merry-making throughout the 
kingdom for six weeks. 

Some time afterward the Prince and his bride were 
sitting in the garden, when a crow said to them : ^^ Un- 

38s 



Fairy Tales 

grateful creatures ! Have ye foi^otten the two poor 
maidens who helped ye in your distress? Must they 
spin gold flax forever ? Have no pity on the old witch. 
The three maidens are princesses, whom she stole away 
when they were children together, with all the silver 
utensils, which she turned into gold flax. Poison were 
her fittest punishment" 

The Prince was ashamed of having forgotten his 
promise and set out at once, and by great good fortune 
reached the hut when the old woman was away. The 
maidens had dreamed that he was coming, and were ready 
to go with him, but first they made a cake in which they 
put poison, and left it on a table where the old woman 
was likely to see it when she returned. She did see it, 
and thought it looked so tempting that she greedily ate 
it up and at once died. 

In the secret chamber were found fifty wagon-loads 
of gold flax, and as much more was discovered buried. 
The hut was razed to the ground, and the Prince and his 
bride and her two sisters lived happily ever after. 



386 



FELICIA AND THE POT OF PINKS 

ONCE upon a time there was a poor laborer who, 
feeling that he had not much longer to live, 
wished to divide his possessions between his son and 
daughter, whom he loved dearly. 

So he called them to him, and said : " Your mother 
brought me as her dowry two stools and a straw bed ; I 
have, besides, a hen, a pot of pinks, and a silver ring, 
which were given me by a noble lady who once lodged 
in my poor cottage. When she went away she said 
to me: 

'* ' Be careful of my gifts, good man ; see that you do 
not lose the ring or forget to water the pinks. As for 
your daughter, I promise you that she shall be more 
beautiful than any one you ever saw in your life ; call 
her Felicia, and when she grows up give her the ring 
and the pot of pinks to console her for her poverty.' 
Take them both then, my dear child," he added, " and 
your brother shall have everything else." 

The two children seemed quite contented, and when 
their father died they wept for him, and divided his pos- 
sessions as he had told them. Felicia believed that her 
brother loved her, but when she sat down upon one of 
the stools he said angrily : 

387 



Fairy Tales 

" Keep your pot of pinks and your ring, but let my 
things alone. I like order in my house." 

Felicia, who was very gentle, said nothing, but stood 
up crying quietly; while Bruno, for that was her 
brother's name, sat comfortably by the fire. Presently, 
when supper-time came, Bruno had a delicious egg, and 
he threw the shell to Felicia, saying : 

" There, that is all I can give you ; if you don't like 
it, go out and catch frogs ; there are plenty of them in 
the marsh close by." Felicia did not answer, but she 
cried more bitterly than ever, and went away to her own 
little room. She found it filled with the sweet scent of 
the pinks, and, going up to them, she said sadly : 

** Beautiful pinks, you are so sweet and so pretty, 
you are the only comfort I have left. Be very sure that 
I will take care of you, and water you well, and never 
allow any cruel hand to tear you from your stems." 

As she leaned over them she noticed that they were 
very dry. So taking her pitcher, she ran oflF in the 
clear moonlight to the fountain, which was at some dis- 
tance. When she reached it she sat down upon the 
brink to rest, but she had hardly done so when she saw 
a stately lady coming toward her, surrounded by num- 
bers of attendants. Six maids of honor carried her train, 
and she leaned upon the arm of another. 

When they came near the fountain a canopy was 
spread for her, under which was placed a sofa of cloth- 
of-gold, and presently a dainty supper was served, upon 
a table covered with dishes of gold and crystal, while the 

388 



Felicia and the Pot of Pinks 

wind in the trees and the falling water of the fountain 
murmured the softest music. 

Felicia was hidden in the shade, too much astonished 
by all she saw to venture to move ; but in a few moments 
the Queen said : 

^^ I fancy I see a shepherdess near that tree ; bid her 
come hither." 

So Felicia came forward and saluted the Queen 
timidly, but with so much grace that all were sur- 
prised. 

** What are you doing here, my pretty child ? " asked 
the Queen. " Are you not afraid of robbers ? " 

** Ah ! madam/' said Felicia, *' a poor shepherdess 
who has nothing to lose does not fear robbers." 

"You are not very rich, then?" said the Queen, 
smiling. 

" I am so poor," answered Felicia, ** that a pot of 
pinks and a silver ring are my only possessions in the 
world." 

" But you have a heart," said the Queen. " What 
should you say if anybody wanted to steal that ? " 

" I do not know what it is like to lose one's heart, 
madam," she replied; "but I have always heard that 
without a heart one cannot live, and if it is broken one 
must die ; and in spite of my poverty I should be sorry 
not to live." 

" You are quite right to take care of your heart, 
pretty one," said the Queen. " But tell me, have ypu 
supped ? " 

389 



Fairy Tales 

"No, madam/' answered Felicia; "my brother ate 
all the supper there was." 

Then the Queen ordered that a place should be made 
for her at the table, and herself loaded Felicia's plate with 
good things ; but she was too much astonished to be 
hungry. 

" I want to know what you were doing at the foun- 
tain so late?" said the Queen presently. 

" I came to fetch a pitcher of water for my pinks, 
madam," she answered, stooping to pick up the pitcher 
which stood beside her ; but when she showed it to the 
Queen she was amazed to see that it had turned to gold, 
all sparkling with great diamonds, and the water, of 
which it was full, was more fragrant than the sweet- 
est roses. She was afraid to take it until the Queen 
said : 

"It is yours, Felicia; go and water your pinks with 
it, and let it remind you that the Queen of the Woods is 
your friend." 

The shepherdess threw herself at the Queen's feet, 
and thanked her humbly for her gracious words. 

" Ah ! madam," she cried, " if I might beg you to 
stay here a moment I would run and fetch m/ pot of 
pinks for you  they could not fall into better hands." 

" Go, Felicia," said the Queen, stroking her cheek 
softly ; " I will w^t here until you come back." 

So Felicia took up her pitcher and ran to her little 
room, but while she had been away Bruno had gone in 
and taken the pot of pinks, leaving a great cabbage in 

390 



Felicia and the Pot of Pinks 

its place. When she saw the unlucky cabbage Felicia 
was much distressed, and did not know what to do ; but 
at last she ran back to the fountain, and, kneeling before 
the Queen, said : 

" Madam, Bruno has stolen my pot of pinks, so I 
have nothing but my silver ring; but I beg you to 
accept it as a proof of my gratitude." 

^ But if I take your ring, my pretty shepherdess,*' 
id the Queen, " you will have nothing left ; and what 
will you do then ? " 

" Ah { madam," she answered simply, " if I have 
your friendship I shall do very well." 

So the Queen took the ring and put it on her finger, 
and mounted her chariot, which was made of coral stud- 
ded with emeralds, and drawn by six milk-white horses. 
And Felicia looked after her until the winding of the 
forest path hid her from her sight, and then she went 
back to the cottage, thinking over all the wonderful 
things that had happened. 

The first thing that she did when she reached her 
room was to throw the cabbage out of the window. 

But she was very much surprised to hear an odd little 
voice cry out : ^' Oh ! I am half killed ! " and could not 
tell where it came from, because cabbages do not gener- 
ally speak. 

As soon as it was light* Felicia, who was very un- 
happy about her pot of pinks, went out to look for it, 
and the first thing she found was the unfortunate cabbage. 
She gave it a posh with her foot, saying : ^' What are you 

391 






Fairy Tales 

doing here, and how dared you put yourself in the place 
of my pot of pinks ? " 

If I hadn't been carried/' replied the cabbage, 
you may be very sure that I shouldn't have thought 
of going there." 

It made her shiver with fnght to hear the cabbage 
talk, but he went on : 

'Mf you will be good enough to plant me by my 
comrades again, I can tell you where your pinks are at 
this moment  hidden in Bruno's bed ! " 

Felicia was in despair when she heard this, not know- 
ing how she was to get them back. But she replanted 
the cabbage very kindly in his old place, and, as she 
finished doing it, she saw Bruno's hen, and said, catching 
hold of it : 

" Come here, horrid little creature ! you shall suffer 
for all the unkind things my brother has done to me." 

" Ah ! shepherdess," said the hen, "don't kill me ; I 
am rather a gossip, and I can tell you some surprising 
things that you will like to hear. Don't imagine that 
you are the daughter of the poor laborer who brought 
you up; your mother was a queen who had six girls 
already, and the King threatened that unless she had a 
son who could inherit his kingdom she should have her 
head cut off. 

" So when the Queen had another little daughter she 
was quite frightened, and agreed with her sister (who was 
a fairy) to exchange her for the fairy's little son. Now 
the Queen had been shut up in a great tower by the 

392 



Felicia and the Pot of Pinks 

King's orders, and when a great many days went by and 
still she heard nothing from the Fairy she made her 
escape from the window by means of a rope ladder, 
taking her little baby with her. After wandering about 
until she was half dead with cold and fatigue she reached 
this cottage. 

'* I was the laborer's wife, and was a good nurse, 
and the Queen gave you into my charge, and told me 
all her misfortunes, and then died before she had time 
to say what was to become of you. 

*^As I never in all my life could keep a secret, I 
could not help telling this strange tale to my neighbors, 
and one day a beautiful lady came here, and I told it to 
her also. When I had finished she touched me with a 
wand she held in her hand, and instantly I became a hen, 
and there was an end of my talking 1 I was very sad, 
and my husband, who was out when it happened, never 
knew what had become of me. After seeking me every- 
where he believed that I must have been drowned, or 
eaten up by wild beasts in the forest. That same lady 
came here once more, and commanded that you should 
be called Felicia, and left the ring and the pot of pinks 
to be given to you; and while she was in the house 
twenty-five of the King's guards came to search for you, 
doubtless meaning to kill you ; but she muttered a few 
words, and immediately they all turned into cabbages. 
It was one of them whom you threw out of your window 
yesterday. 

^^ I don't know how it was that he could speak  I 

393 



Fairy Tales 

have never heard either of them say a word before, nor 
have I been able to do it myself until now." 

The Princess was greatly astonished at the hen's 
story, and said kindly : " I am truly sorry for you, my 
poor nurse, and wish it was in my power to restore you 
to your real form. But we must not despair ; it seems 
to me, after what you have told me, that something must 
be going to happen soon. Just now, however, I must 
go and look for my pinks, which I love better than any- 
thing in the world." 

Bruno had gone out into the forest, never thinking 
that Felicia would search in his room for the pinks, and 
she was delighted by his unexpected absence, and thought 
to get them back without further trouble. But as soon 
as she entered the room she saw a terrible army of rats, 
who were guarding the straw bed; and when she at- 
tempted to approach it they sprang at her, biting and 
scratching furiously. Quite terrified, she drew back, 
crying out: "Oh! my dear pinks, how can you stay 
here in such bad company ? " 

Then she suddenly bethought herself of the pitcher 
of water, and, hoping that it might have some magic 
power, she ran to fetch it, and sprinkled a few drops 
over the fierce-looking swarm of rats. In a moment 
not a tail or a whisker was to be seen. Each one 
had made for his hole as fast as his legs could carry 
him, so that the Princess could safely take her pot of 
pinks. She found them nearly dying for want of 
water, and hastily poured all that was left in the 

394 



Felicia and the Pot of Pinks 

pitcher upon them. As she bent over them, enjoy- 
ing their delicious scent, a soft voice, that seemed to 
rustle among the leaves, said : 

''Lovely Felicia, the day has come at last when I 
may have the happiness of telling you how even the 
flowers love you and rejoice in your beauty." 

The Princess, quite overcome by the strangeness of 
hearing a cabbage, a hen, and a pink speak, and by the 
terrible sight of an army of rats, suddenly became very 
pale, and fainted away. 

At this moment in came Bruno. Working hard in 
the heat had not improved his temper, and when he saw 
that Felicia had succeeded in finding her pinks he was so 
angry that he dragged her out into the garden and shut 
the door upon her. The fresh air soon made her open 
her pretty eyes, and there before her stood the Queen of 
the Woods, looking as charming as ever. 

*' You have a bad brother," she said ; " I saw how 
cruelly he turned you out. Shall I punish him for it?" 

*^ Ah ! no, madam," she said ; 'M am not angry with 
him." 

** But supposing he was not your brother, after all, 
what would you say then?" asked the Queen. 

" Oh ! but I think he must be," said Felicia. 

" What ! " said the Queen, " have you not heard that 
you are a princess? " 

" I was told so a little while ago, madam, but how 
could I believe it without a single proof?" 

" Ah ! dear child," said the Queen, " the way you 

395 



Fairy Tales 

speak assures me that, in spite of your humble upbring- 
ing, you are indeed a real princess, and I can save you 
from being treated in such a way again." 

She was interrupted at this moment by the arrival of 
a very handsome young man. He wore a coat of green 
velvet fastened with emerald clasps, and had a crown of 
pinks on his head. He knelt upon one knee and kissed 
the Queen's hand. 

" Ah ! " she cried, " my pink, my dear son, what a 
happiness to see you restored to your natural shape by 
Felicia's aid ! " And she embraced him joyfully. Then 
turning to Felicia she said : 

*^ Charming Princess, I know all the hen told you, 
but you cannot have heard that the zephyrs, to whom 
was intrusted the task of carrying my son to the tower 
where the Queen, your mother, so anxiously waited for 
him, left him instead in a garden of flowers, while they 
flew oflF to tell your mother. Whereupon a fairy with 
whom I had quarrelled changed him into a pink, and I 
could do nothing to prevent it. 

^^ You may imagine how angry I was, and how I 
tried to find some means of undoing the mischief she 
had done ; but there was no help for it. I could only 
bring Prince Pink to the place where you were being 
brought up, hoping that when you grew up he might 
love you, and by your care be restored to his natural 
form. And you see everything has come right, as I 
hoped it would. Your giving me the silver ring was the 
sign that the power of the charm was nearly over, and 

396 



Felicia and the Pot of Pinks 

my enemy's last chance was to frighten you with her 
army of rats. That she did not succeed in doing; so 
now, my dear Felicia, if you will be married to my son 
with this^ silver ring your future happiness is certain. Do 
you think him handsome and amiable enough to be will- 
ing to marry him ? " 

" Madam," replied Felicia, blushing, " you over- 
whelm me with your kindness. I know that you are my 
mother's sister, and that by your art you turned the sol- 
diers who were sent to kill me into cabbages, and my 
nurse into a hen, and that you do me only too much 
honor in proposing that I shall marry your son. How 
can I explain to you the cause of my hesitation ? I feel, 
for the first time in my life, how happy it would make 
me to be loved. Can you indeed give me the Prince's 
heart ? " 

" It is yours already, lovely Princess ! " he cried, 
taking her hand in his ; '^ but for the horrible enchant- 
ment which kept me silent I should have told you long 
ago how dearly I love you." 

This made the Princess very happy, and the Queen, 
who could not bear to see her dressed like a poor shep- 
herdess, touched her with her wand, saying : 

'^ I wish you to be attired as befits your rank and 
beauty." And immediately the Princess's cotton dress 
became a magnificent robe of silver brocade embroidered 
with carbuncles, and her soft dark hair was encircled by 
a crown of diamonds, from which floated a clear white 
veil. With her bright eyes, and the charming color in 

397 



Fairy Tales 

her cheeks^ she was altogether such a dazzling sight that 
the Prince could hardly bear it. 

" How pretty you are, Felicia ! " he cried. " Don't 
keep me in suspense, I entreat you ; say that you will 
marry me." 

" Ah ! " said the Queen, smiling, " I think she will 
not refuse now." 

Just then Bruno, who was going back to his work, 
came out of the cottage, and thought he must be dream- 
ing when he saw Felicia ; but she called him very kindly, 
and begged the Queen to take pity on him. 

"What!" she said, "when he was so unkind to 

" Ah ! madam," said the Princess, " I am so happy 
that I should like everybody else to be happy too." 

The Queen kissed her, and said : " Well, to please 
you, let me see what I can do for this cross Bruno." 
And with a wave of her wand she turned the poor litde 
cottage into a splendid palace, full of treasures ; only the 
two stools and the straw bed remained just as they were, 
to remind him of his former poverty. Then the Queen 
touched Bruno himself, and made him gentle and . polite 
and grateful, and he thanked her and the Princess a thou- 
sand times. Lastly, the Queen restored the hen and the 
cabbages to their natural forms, and left them all very 
contented. The Prince and Princess were married as 
soon as possible with great splendor, and lived happily 
ever after. 



398 



SNOW-WHITE AND ROSE-RED 

nPHERE was once a poor widow who lived in a lonely 
^ cottage. In front of the cottage was a garden 
wherein stood two rose-trees, one of which bore white 
and the other red roses. She had two children who were 
like the two rose-trees, and one was called Snow-white, 
and the other Rose-red. They were as good and happy, 
as busy and cheerful as ever two children in the world 
were, only Snow-white was more quiet and gentle than 
Rose-red. Rose-red liked better to run about in the 
meadows and fields seeking flowers and catching butter- 
flies ; but Snow-white sat at home with her mother, and 
helped her with the house-work, or read to her when 
' there was nothing to do. 

The two children were so fond of each other that 
they always held each other by the hand when they went 
out together, and when Snow-white said, " We will not 
leave each other," Rose-red answered, " Never so long as 
we live," and their mother would add, " What one has 
she must share with the other." 

They often ran about the forest alone and gathered 
red berries, and no beasts did them any harm, but came 
close to them trustfully. The little hare would eat a 
cabbage-leaf out of their hands, the roe grazed by their 

399 



Fairy Tales 

side, the stag leaped merrily by them, and the birds sat 
still upon the boughs, and sang whatever they knew. 

No mishap overtook them ; if they had stayed too 
late in the forest, and night came on, they laid themselves 
down near one another upon the moss, and slept until 
morning came, and their mother knew this and had no 
distress on their account. 

Once when they had spent the night in the wood and 
the dawn had roused them, they saw a beautiful child in 
a shining white dress sitting near their bed. He got up 
and looked quite kindly at them, but said nothing and 
went away into the forest. And when they looked round 
they found that they had been sleeping quite close to a 
precipice, and would certainly have fallen into it in the 
darkness if they had gone only a few paces further. And 
their mother told them that it must have been the angel 
who watches over good children. 

Snow-white and Rose-red kept their mother's little 
cottage so neat that it was a pleasure to look inside it. 
In the summer Rose-red took care of the house, and 
every morning laid a wreath of flowers by her mother's 
bed before she awoke, in which was a rose from each tree. 
In the winter Snow-white lit the fire and hung the kettle 
on the wrekin. The kettle was of copper and shone like 
gold, so brightly was it polished. In the evening, when 
the snowflakes fell, the mother said, " Go, Snow-white, 
and bolt the door," and then they sat round the hearth,  
and the mother took her spectacles and read aloud out of a 
large book, and the two girls listened as they sat and spun. 

400 



Snow- white and Rose-Red 

And close by them lay a lamb upon the floor, and behind 
them upon a perch sat a white dove with its head hidden 
beneath its wings. 

One evening, as they were thus sitting comfortably 
together, some one knocked at the door as if he wished 
to be let in. The mother said, " Quick, Rose-red, open 
the door, it must be a traveller who is seeking shelter." 
Rose^red went and pushed back the bolt, thinking that 
it was a poor man, but it was not ; it was a bear that 
stretched his broad, black head within the door. 

Rose-red screamed and sprang back, the lamb bleated, 
the dove fluttered, and Snow-white hid herself behind 
her mother's bed. But the bear began to speak and 
ssdd, *^ Do not be afraid, I will do you no harm ! I am 
half frozen, and only want to warm myself a little beside 
you." 

** Poor bear," said the mother, " lie down by the fire, 
only take care that you do not burn your coat." Then 
she cried, '^ Snow-white^ Rose-red, come out, the bear 
will do you no harm, he means well." So they both 
came out, and by and by the lamb and dove came nearer, 
and were not afraid of him. The bear said, '^ Here, 
children, knock the snow out of my coat a little"; so 
diey brought the broom and swept the bear's hide clean ; 
and he stretched himself by the fire and growled content- 
edly and comfortably. It was not long before they grew 
quite at home, and played tricks with their clumsy guest. 
They tu^ed his hair with their hands, and put their feet 
upon his back and rolled him about, or they took a 

401 

R Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

hazel-switch and beat him, and when he growled they 
laughed. But the bear took it all in good part, only 
when they were too rough he called out, " Leave me 
alive, childrenji, 



** Snowy-white, Rosy-red, 
Will you beat your lover dead ? 



If 



When it was bed-time, and the others went to bed, 
the mother said to the bear, " You can lie there by the 
hearth, and then you will be safe from the cold and the 
bad weather." As soon as day dawned the two children 
let him out, and he trotted across the snow into the 
forest. 

Henceforth the bear came every evening at the same 
time, laid himself down by the hearth, and let the chil- 
dren amuse themselves with him as much as they liked ; 
and they got so used to him that the doors were never 
fastened until their black friend had arrived. 

When spring had come and all outside was green, the 
bear said one morning to Snow-white, " Now I must go 
away, and cannot come back for the whole summer.'* 
" Where are you going, then, dear bear ? '* asked Snow- 
white. " I must go into the forest and guard my treas- 
ures from the wicked dwarfs. In the winter, when the 
earth is frozen hard, they are obliged to stay below and 
cannot work their way through ; but now, when the sun has 
thawed and warmed the earth, they break through it, and 
come out to pry and steal ; and what once gets into their 
hands, and in their caves, does not easily see daylight 
again." 

402 



Snow- white and Rose-Red 

Snow-white was quite sorry for his going away, and 
as she unbolted the door for him, and the bear was hurry- 
ing out, he caught against the bolt and a piece of his 
hairy coat was torn off, and it seemed to Snow-white as 
if she had seen gold shining through it, but she was not 
sure about it. The bear ran away quickly, and was soon 
out of sight behind the trees. 

A short time afterward the mother sent her children 
into the forest to get firewood. There they found a big 
tree which lay felled on the ground, and close by the 
trunk something was jumping backward and forward in 
the grass, but they could not make out what it was. 
When they came nearer they saw a dwarf with an old 
withered face and a snow-white beard a yard long. The 
end of the beard was caught in a crevice of the tree, and 
the little fellow was jumping backward and forward like 
a dog tied to a rope, and did not know what to do. 

He glared at the girls with his fiery red eyes and cried, 
" Why do you stand there ? Can you not come here 
and help me ? " " What are you about there, little man ? " 
asked Rose-red. '' You stupid, prying goose ! " answered 
the dwarf; " I was going to split the tree to get a little 
wood for cooking. The little bit of food that one of us 
wants gets burned up directly with thick logs ; we do not 
swallow so much as you coarse, greedy folk. I had just 
driven the wedge safely in, and everything was going as 
I wished ; but the wretched wood was too smooth and 
suddenly sprang asunder, and the tree closed so quickly 
that I could not pull out my beautiful white beard ; so 

403 



Fairy Tales 

now it is tight in and I cannot get away, and the silly, 
sleek, milk-faced things laugh ! Ugh ! how odious you 
are!" 

The children tried very hard, but they could not pull 
the beard out, it was caught too fast '^ 1 will run and 
fetch some one," said Rose-red. " You senseless goose ! " 
snarled the dwarf; '^why should you fetch some one? 
You are already two too many for me ; can you not think 
of something better ? " " Don't be impatient," said 
Snow-white, " I will help you," and she pulled her 
scissors out of her pocket, and cut off the end of the 
beard. 

As soon as the dwarf felt himself free he laid hold of 
a bag which lay among the roots of the tree, and which 
was full of gold, and lifted it up, grumbling to himself, 
'^ Uncouth people, to cut off a piece of my fine beard. 
Bad luck to you ! " and then he swung the bag upon his 
back, and went off without even once looking at the 
children. 

Some time after that Snow-white and Rose-red went 

to catch a dish of fish. As they came near the brook 

they saw something like a large grasshopper jumping 

toward the water, as if it were going to leap in. They 

ran to it and found it was the dwarf. " Where are you 

going?" said Rose-red; "you surely don't want to go 

into the water ? " "I am not such a fool ! " cried the 

dwarf; " don't you see that the accursed fish wants to 

pull me in ? " The little man had been sitting there 

fishing, and unluckily the wind had twisted his beard 

404 



Snow- White and Rose-Red 

with the fishing-line ; just then a big fish bit, and the 
feeble creature had not strength to pull it out ; the fish 
kept the upper hand, and pulled the dwarf toward hinL 
He held on to all the reeds and rushes, but it was of 
little good, he was forced to follow the movements of the 
fish, and was in urgent danger of being dragged into the 
water. 

The girls came just in time ; they held him fast and 
tried to free his beard from the line, but all in vain, 
beard and line were entangled fast together. Nothing 
was left but to bring out the scissors and cut the beard, 
whereby a small part of it was lost. When the dwarf 
saw that he screamed out, 'Ms that civil, you toad-stool, 
to disfigure one's face ? Was it not enough to clip off 
the end of my beard ? Now you have cut off the best 
part of it. I cannot let myself be seen by my people. 
I wish you had been made to run the soles off your 
shoes ! " 

Then he took out a sack of pearls which lay in the 
rushes, and without saying a word more he dragged it 
away and disappeared behind a stone. 

It happened that soon afterward the mother sent the 
two children to the town to buy needles and thread, and 
laces and ribbons. The road led them across a heath 
upon which huge pieces of rock lay strewn here and 
there. Now they noticed a large bird hovering in the 
air, flying slowly round and round above them ; it sank 
lower and lower, and at last settled near a rock not far 
off. )irectly afterward they heard a loud, piteous cry. 

405 



Fairy Tales 

They ran up and saw with horror that the eagle had 
seized their old acquaintance the dwarf, and was going to 
carry him ofF. 

The children, full of pity, at once took tight hold of 
the little man, and pulled against the eagle so long that 
at last he let his booty go. As soon as the dwarf had 
recovered from his first fright he cried with his shrill 
voice, " Could you not have done it more carefully ? 
You dragged at my brown coat so that it is all torn and 
full of holes, you helpless clumsy creatures ! " Then he 
took up a sack full of precious stones, and slipped away 
again under the rock into his hole. The girls, who by 
this time were used to his thanklessness, went on their 
way and did their business in the town. 

As they crossed the heath again on their way home 
they surprised the dwarf, who had emptied out his bag 
of precious stones in a clean spot, and had not thought 
that any one would come there so late. The evening 
sun shone upon the brilliant stones ; they glittered and 
sparkled with all colors so beautifully that the children 
stood still and looked at them. *' Why do you stand 
gaping there ? " cried the dwarf, and his ashen-gray face 
became copper-red with rage. He was going on with his 
bad words when a loud growling was heard, and a black 
bear came trotting toward them out of the forest. The 
dwarf sprang up in a fright, but he could not get to his 
cave, for the bear was already close. Then in the dread 
of his heart he cried, " Dear Mr. Bear, spare me, I will 
give you all my treasures; look, the beautiful jewels 

406 



Snow- white and Rose-Red 

lying there ! Grant me my life ; what do you want with 
such a slender little fellow as I ? you would not feel me 
between your teeth. Come, take those two wicked girls, 
they are tender morsels for you, fat as young quails ; for 
mercy's sake, eat them ! " The bear took no heed of 
his words, but gave the wicked creature a single blow with 
his paw, and he did not move again. 

The girls had run away, but the bear called to them, 
" Snow-white and Rose-red, do not be afraid ; wait, I 
will come with you." Then they knew his voice and 
waited, and when he came up to them suddenly his 
bearskin fell off, and he stood there a handsome man, 
clothed all in gold. 'M am a King's son," he said, *' and 
I was bewitched by that wicked dwarf, who had stolen 
my treasures ; I have had to run about the forest as a 
savage bear until I was freed by his death. Now he has 
got his well-deserved punishment." 

Snow-white was married to him, and Rose-red to his 
brother, and they divided between them the great treas- 
ure which the dwarf had gathered together in his cave. 
The old mother lived peacefully and happily with her 
children for many years. She took the two rose-trees 
with her, and they stood before her window, and every 
year bore the most beautiful roses, white and red. 



407 



THE GOOSE-GIRL. 

nPHERE was once upon a time an old Queen whose 
^ husband had been dead for many years, and she 
had a beautiful daughter. When the princess grew up 
she was betrothed to a prince who lived at a great dis- 
tance. When the time came for her to be married, and 
she had to journey forth into the distant kingdom, the 
aged Queen packed up for her many costly vessels of 
silver and gold, and trinkets also of gold and silver ; and 
cups and jewels, in short, everything which appertained 
to a royal dowry, for she loved her child with all her 
heart. She likewise sent her maid in waiting, who was 
to ride with her, and hand her over to the bridegroom, 
and each had a horse for the journey, but the horse of 
the King's daughter was called Falada, and could speak. 
So when the hour of parting had come, the aged mother 
went into her bedroom, took a small knife and cut her 
finger with it until it bled, then she held a white hand- 
herchief to it into which she let three drops of blood fall, 
gave it to her daughter and said, ^^ Dear child, preserve 
this carefully, it will be of service to you on your way." 

So they took a sorrowful leave of each other; the 
princess put the piece of cloth in her bosom, mounted 
her horse, and then went away to her bridegroom. 
After she had ridden for a while she felt a burning thirst, 

408 



. / 



"Tlie maiden quietly went on combing and plaiting her 
hair, all of which the King observed." 



-Vol. IV, p. 414. 



The Gcx)se-Girl 

and said to her waiting-maid, *' Dismount, and take my 
cup which thou hast brought with thee for me, and get 
me some water from the stream, for I should like to 
drink." " If you are thirsty," said the waiting-maid, 
" get off your horse yourself, and lie down and drink out 
of the water, I don't choose to be your servant." So in 
her great thirst the princess alighted, bent down over the 
water in the stream and drank, and was not allowed to 
drink out of the golden cup. Then she said, '^ Ah, 
Heaven ! " and the three drops of blood answered, " If 
thy mother knew this, her heart would break." But the 
King's daughter was humble, said nothing, and mounted 
her horse again. She rode some miles further, but the 
day was warm, the sun scorched her, and she was thirsty 
once more, and when they came to a stream of water, she 
again cried to her waiting-maid, ^^ Dismount, and give 
me some water in my golden cup," for she had long ago 
forgotten the girl's ill words. But the waiting-maid said 
still more haughtily, " If you wish to drink, drink as you 
can, I don't choose to be your maid." Then in her 
great thirst the King's daughter alighted, bent over the 
flowing stream, wept and said, *^ Ah, Heaven ! " and the 
drops of blood again replied, "If thy mother knew this, 
her heart would break." And as she was thus drinking 
and leaning right over the stream, the handkerchief with 
the three drops of blood fell out of her bosom, and 
floated away with the water without her observing it, so 
great was her trouble. The waiting-maid, however, had 
seen it, and she rejoiced to think that she had now power 

409 



Fairy Talcs 

over the bride, for since the princess had lost the drops 
of blood, she had become weak and powerless. So now 
when she wanted to mount her horse again, the one that 
was called Falada, the waiting-maid said, '^ Falada is more 
suitable for me, and my nag will do for thee," and the 
princess had to be content with that. Then the wait- 
ing-maid, with many hard words, bade the princess ex- 
change her royal apparel for her own shabby clothes; 
and at length she was compelled to swear by the clear 
sky above her, that she would not say one word of this 
to any one at the royal court, and if she had not taken 
this oath she would have been killed on the spot. But 
Falada saw all this, and observed it well. 

The waiting-maid now mounted Falada, and the 
true bride the bad horse, and thus they travelled on- 
ward, until at length they entered the royal palace. 
There were great rejoicings over her arrival, and the 
prince sprang forward to meet her, lifted the waiting- 
maid from her horse, and thought she was his consort. 
She was conducted upstairs, but the real princess was left 
standing below. Then the old King looked out of the 
window and saw her standing in the courtyard, and how 
dainty and delicate and beautiful she was, and instantly 
went to the royal apartment, and asked the bride about 
the girl she had with her who was standing down below 
in the courtyard, and who she was ? ^^ I picked her up 
on my way for a compamon ; give the girl something to 
work at, that she may not stand idle." But the old 
King had no work for her, and knew of none, so he 

410 



The Goose-Girl 

said, " I have a little boy who tends the geese, she may 
help him." The boy was called Conrad, and the trae 
bride had to help him to tend the geese. Soon after- 
ward the false bride said to the young King, " Dear- 
est husband, I beg you to do me a favor." He an- 
swered, " I will do so most willingly." " Then send for 
the knacker, and have the head of the horse on which I 
rode here cut off, for it vexed me on the way." In 
reality, she was afraid that the horse might tell how she 
had behaved to the King's daughter. Then she succeeded 
in making the King promise that it should be done, and 
the faithful Falada was to die ; this came to the ears of 
the real princess, and she secretly promised to pay the 
knacker a piece of gold if he would perform a small ser- 
vice for her. There was a great dark-looking gateway in 
the town, through which morning and evening she had 
to pass with the geese : would he be so good as to 
nail up Falada's head on it, so that she might see him 
again, more than once. The knacker's man promised to 
do that, and cut off the head, and nailed it fast beneath 
the dark gateway. 

Early in the morning, when she and Conrad drove 
out their flock beneath this gateway, she said in passing, 

** Alas, Falada, hanging there I '* 

Then the head answered. 



II 



Alas, young Queen, how ill you fare t 
If this your tender mother knew. 
Her heart would surely break m two.** 

411 



Fairy Tales 

Then they went still further out of the town, and drove 
their geese into the country. And when they had come to 
the meadow, she sat down and unbound her hair which was 
like pure gold, and Conrad saw it and delighted in its 
brightness, and wanted to pluck out a few hairs. Then 
she said, 

** Blow, blow, tbott gentle wiad, I say, 
Blow Conrad's little bat away, 
And make bim chase it bere and tbere, 
Until I bave braided all my bair. 
And bound it up again." 

And there came such a violent wind that it blew Conrad's 
hat far away across country, and he was forced to ran 
after it. When he came back she had finished comUng 
her hair and was putting it up s^in, and he could not 
get any of it. Then Conrad was angry, and would not 
speak to her, and thus they watched the geese until the 
evening, and then they went home. 

Next day when they were driving the geese out through 
the dark gateway, the maiden said. 



fi 



** Alas, Falada, banging tbere I 

Falada answered. 



*' Alas, young Queen, bow ill you fare I 
If tbis your tender motber knew, 
Her beart would surely break in two. 



t* 



And she sat down again in the field and began to comb 

out her hair, and Conrad ran and tried to clutch it, so 

she said in haste, 

412 



The Goose-Girl 

*'* Blow, blow, thou gentle wind, I say, 
Blow Conrad *9 little hat away, 
And make him chase it here and there^ 
Until I have braided all my hair, 
And bound it up again/' 

Then the wind blew, and blew his little hat off his head 
and eir away, and Conrad was forced to run after it, and 
when he came back, her hair had been put up a long 
time, and he could get none of it, and so they looked 
after their geese till evening came. 

But in the evening after they had got home, Conrad 
went to the old King, and said, *^ I won't tend the geese 
with that girl any longer ! " " Why not ? " inquired the 
aged King. *^ Oh, because she vexes me the whole day 
long." Then the aged King commanded him to relate 
what it was that she did to him. And Conrad said, ^* In 
the morning when we pass beneath the dark gateway 
with the flock, there is a sorry horse's head on the wall, 
and she says to it, 

" Alas, Falada, hanging there 1 *' 

And the head replies, 

*' Alas, young Queen, how ill you fare I 
If this your tender mother knew, 
Her heart would surely break in two." 

And Conrad went on to relate what happened on the 
goose pasture, and how when there he had to chase his 
hat. 

The aged King commanded him to drive his flock 
out again next day, and as soon as morning came, he 

413 



Fairy Tales 

placed himself behind the dark gateway, and heard how 
the maiden spoke to the head of Falada, and then he 
too went into the country, and hid himself in the thicket 
in the meadow. There he soon saw with his own eyes 
the goose-girl and the goose-boy bringing their flock, and 
how after a while she sat down and unplaited her hair, 
which shone with radiance. And soon she said, 

** Blow, blow, thou gentle wind, I say, 
Blow Conrad's little hat away. 
And make him chase it here and there, 
Until I have braided all my hair, 
And bound it up again." 

Then came a blast of wind and carried off Conrad's hat, 
so that he had to run far away, while the maiden quietly 
went on combing and plaiting her hair, all of which the 
King observed. Then, quite unseen, he went away, and 
when the goose-girl came home in the evening, he called 
her aside, and asked why she did all these things. '^ I 
may not tell you that, and I dare not lament my sorrows 
to any human being, for I have sworn not to do so by 
the heaven which is above me ; if I had not done that, 
I should have lost my life." He urged her and left her 
no peace, but he could draw nothing from her. Then 
said he, "If thou wilt not tell me anything, tell thy sor- 
rows to the iron stove there," and he went away. Then 
she crept into the iron stove, and began to weep and 
lament, and emptied her whole heart, and said, " Here 
am I deserted by the whole world, and yet I am a King's 
daughter, and a false waidng-maid has by force brought 

414 



The Goose-Girl 

me to sach a pass that I have been compelled to put off 
my royal apparel, and she has taken my place with my 
bridegroom, and I have to perform menial service as a 
goose-girl. If my mother did but know that, her heart 
would break." 

The aged King, however, was standing outside by the 
pipe of the stove, and was listening to what she said, and 
heard it. Then he came back again, and bade her come 
out of the stove. And royal garments were placed on 
her, and it was marvellous how beautiful she was ! The 
aged King summoned his son, and revealed to him that 
he had got the false bride who was only a waiting-maid, 
but that the true one was standing there, as the sometime 
goose-girl. The young King rejoiced with all his heart 
when he saw her beauty and youth, and a great feast was 
made ready to which all the people and all good friends 
were invited. At the head of the table sat the bride- 
groom with the King's daughter at one side of him, and 
the waiting-maid on the other, but the waiting-maid was 
blinded, and did not recognize the princess in her dazzling 
array. When they had eaten and drunk, and were 
merry, the aged King asked the waiting-maid as a riddle, 
what a person deserved who had behaved in such and 
such a way to her master, and at the same time related 
the whole story, and asked what sentence such an one 
merited ? Then the false bride said, " She deserves no 
better fate than to be stripped entirely naked, and put in 
a barrel which is studded inside with pointed nails, and 
two white horses should be harnessed to it, which will 

415 



Fairy Tales 

drag her along through one street after another^ till she 
is dead." ^' It is thou/' said the aged King, ^*and thou 
hast pronounced thine own sentence, and thus shall it be 
done unto thee." And when the sentence had been car- 
ried out, the young King married his true bride, and 
both of them reigned over their kingdom in peace and 
happiness. 



416 



THE STORY OF THE YOUTH WHO WENT 
FORTH TO LEARN WHAT FEAR WAS 

A CERTAIN father had two sons, the elder of whom 
^^ was sharp and sensible, and could do everything, 
but the younger was stupid and could neither learn nor 
nnderstand anything, and when people saw him they 
said, "There's a fellow who will give his father some 
trouble ! " When anything had to be done, it was 
always the elder who was forced to do it ; but if his 
&ther bade him fetch anything when it was late, or in the 
night-time, and the way led through the churchyard, or 
any other dismal place, he answered, *' Oh, no, father, 
ril not go there, it makes me shudder!" for he was 
afraid. Or when stories were told by the fire at night 
which made the flesh creep, the listeners often said, 
" Oh, it makes us shudder ! " the younger sat in a corner 
and listened with the rest of them, and could not imagine 
what they could mean. " They are always saying, * It 
makes me shudder, it makes me shudder ! ' It does 
not make me shudder," thought he. " That, too, must 
be an art of which I understand nothing ! " 

Now it came to pass that his father said to him one 
day, " Hearken to me, thou fellow in the corner there, 
thou art growing tall and strong, and thou too must learn 
something by which thou canst earn thy living. Look 

417 



Fairy Tales 

how thy brother works, but thou dost not even earn thy 
salt." " Well, father," he replied, " I am quite willing 
to learn something  indeed, if it could but be managed, 
I should like to learn how to shudder. I don't under- 
stand that at all yet." The elder brother smiled when 
he heard that, and thought to himself, ^' Good God, 
what a blockhead that brother of mine is ! He will never 
be good for anything as long as he lives ! He who wants 
to be a sickle must bend himself betimes." 

The father sighed, and answered him, " Thou shalt 
soon learn what it is to shudder, but thou wilt not earn 
thy living by that." 

Soon after this the sexton came to the house on a 
visit, and the father bewailed his trouble, and told him 
how his younger son was so backward in every respect 
that he knew nothing and learned nothing. '^Just 
think," said he, '^ when I asked him how he was going 
to earn his bread, he actually wanted to learn to shudder." 
" If that be all," replied the sexton, " he can learn that 
with me. Send him to me, and I will soon polish him." 
The father was glad to do it, for he thought, "It will 
train the boy a little." The sexton therefore took him 
into his house, and he had to ring the bell. After a day 
or two, the sexton awoke him at midnight, and bade him 
arise and go up into the church tower and ring the bell. 
" Thou shalt soon learn what shuddering is," thought he, 
and secretly went there before him ; and when the boy 
was at the top of the tower and turned round, and was 
just going to take hold of the bell rope, he saw a white 

418 



The Story of the Youth 

figure standing on the stairs opposite to the sounding 
hole. " Who is there ? " cried he, but the figure made 
no reply, and did not move or stir. " Give an answer," 
cried the boy, '' or take thyself off, thou hast no business 
here at night." 

The sexton, however, remained standing motionless 
that the boy might think he was a ghost. The boy cried 
a second time, " What dost thou want here ?  speak if 
thou art an honest fellow, or I will throw thee down the 
steps ! " The sexton thought, " he can't intend to be as 
bad as his words," uttered no sound and stood as if he 
were made of stone. Then the boy called to him for the 
third time, and as that was also to no purpose, he ran 
against him and pushed the ghost down the stairs, so 
that it fell down ten steps and remained lying there in a 
corner. Thereupon he rang the bell, went home, and 
without saying a word went to bed, and fell asleep. The 
sexton's wife waited a long time for her husband, but he 
did not come back. At length she became uneasy, and 
wakened the boy, and asked, ^' Dost thou not know 
where my husband is ? He went up the tower before 
thou didst." " No, I don't know," replied the boy, 
^^ but some one was standing by the sounding hole on 
the other side of the steps, and as he would neither give 
an answer nor go away, I took him for a scoundrel, and 
threw him down stairs ; just go there and you will see if 
it was he, I should be sorry if it were." The woman ran 
away and found her husband, who was lying moaning in 
the corner, and had broken his leg. 

419 



Fairy Tales 

She carried him down, and then with loud screams 
she hastened to the boy's father. ''Your boy," cried 
she '' his been the cause of a great misfortune ! He 
has thrown my husband down the steps and made him 
break his leg. Take the good-for-nothing fellow away 
from our house." The father was terrified, and ran 
thither and scolded the boy. '' What wicked tricks are 
these ? " said he ; '' the devil must have put this into thy 
head." " Father," he replied, " do listen to me. I am 
quite innocent. He was standing there by night like 
one who is intending to do some evil. I did not know 
who it was, and I entreated him three times either to 
speak or to go away." " Ah," said the father, '' I have 
nothing but unhappiness with thee. Go out of my sight. 
I will see thee no more." 

" Yes, father, right willingly, wait only until it is day. 
Then will I go forth and learn how to shudder, and then 
I shall, at any rate, understand one art which will sup- 
port me." '' Learn what thou wilt," spake the father, 
''it is all the same to me. Here are fifty thalers for thee. 
Take these and go into the wide world, and tell no one 
from whence thou comest, and who is thy father, for I 
have reason to be ashamed of thee." " Yes, father, it 
shall be as you will. If you desire nothing more than 
that, I can easily keep it in mind." 

When day dawned, therefore, the boy put his fifty 
thalers into his pocket, and went forth on the great high- 
way, and continually said to himself, " If I could but 
shudder ! If I could but shudder ! " Then a man ap- 

4ao 



The Story of the Youth 

proached who heard this conversation which the youth 
was holding with himself, and when they had walked a 
little further to where they could see the gallows, the 
man said to him, ^' Look, there is the tree where seven 
men have married the ropemaker's daughter, and are 
now learning how to fly. Sit down below it, and wait till 
night comes, and thou wilt soon learn how to shudder." 
* If that is all that is wanted," answered the youth, " it 
is easily done ; but if I learn how to shudder as quickly 
as that, thou shalt have my fifty thalers. Just come 
back to me early in the morning." Then the youth 
went to the gallows, sat down below it, and waited till 
evening came. And as he was cold, he lighted himself a 
fire, but at midnight the wind blew so sharply that in 
spite of his fire, he could not get warm. And as the 
wind knocked the hanged men against each other, and 
they moved backward and forward, he thought to him- 
self, " Thou shiverest below by the fire, but how those 
up above must freeze and suffer ! " And as he felt pity 
for them, he raised the ladder, and climbed up, unbound 
one of them after the other, and brought down all 
seven. Then he stirred the fire, blew it, and set them 
all round it to warm themselves. But they sat there and 
did not stir, and the fire caught their clothes. So he 
said, '^ Take care, or I will hang you up again." The 
dead men, however, did not hear, but were quite silent, 
and let their rags go on burning. On this he grew 
angry, and said, ^' If you will not take care> I cannot help 

you, I will not be burned with you," and he hung them 

421 



Fairy Tales 

up again each in hb turn. Then he sat down by his fire 
and fell asleep, and next morning the man came to him 
and wanted to have the fifty thalers, and said, ^ Well, 
dost thou know how to shudder ? " '^ No," answered 
he, *^ how was I to get to know ? Those fellows up 
diere did not open their mouths^, and were so stupid that 
they let the few old rags which they had on their bodies 
get burned.'* Then the man saw that he would not 
carry away the fifty thalers that day, and went away say- 
ing, ^One of this kind has never come in my way 
before." 

The youth likewise went his way, and once more 
began to mutter to himself, '^ Ah, if I could but shudder ! 
Ah, if I could but shudder 1 " A wagoner who was 
striding behind him heard that and asked, ^' Who art 
thou ? " "I don't know," answered the youth. Then 
the wagoner asked, '* From whence comest thou ? " '' I 
know not." " Who is thy fiither ? " " That I may not 
tell thee." ^ What is it that thou art always muttering 
between thy teeth ? " " Ah," replied the youth, " I do 
80 wish I could shudder, but no one can teach me how 
to do it" ^ Give up thy foolish chatter," said the wag- 
oner. ** Come, go Ynth me, I will see about a place for 
thee" The youth went with the wagoner, and in the 
evening diey arrived at an inn where they wished to pass 
the night. Then at the entrance of the room the youth 
again said quite loudly, " If I could but shudder ! If I 
could but shudder ! " The host who heard that, iaugfhed 

and said, ^' If that is your desire, there ought to be a 

422 



The Story of the Youth 

good opportunity for you here." " Ah, be silent," said 
the hostess ; '* so many inquisitive persons have already 
lost their lives, it would be a pity and a shame if such 
beautiful eyes as these should never see the daylight 
again." 

But the youth said, " However difficult it may be, I 
will learn it, and for this purpose indeed have I jour- 
neyed forth." He let the host have no rest, until the 
latter told him, that not far from thence stood a haunted 
castle where any one could very easily learn what shud- 
dering was, if he would but watch in it for three nights. 
The King had promised that he who would venture 
this should have his daughter to wife, and she was the 
most beautiful maiden the sun shone on. Great treas- 
ures likewise lay in the castle, which were guarded by 
evil spirits, and these treasures would then be freed, and 
would make a poor man rich enough. Already many men 
had gone into the castle, but as yet none had come out 
again. Then the youth went next morning to the King, 
and said that if he were allowed he would watch three 
nights in the enchanted castle. The King looked at him, 
and as the youth pleased him, he said, '*Thou mayst 
ask for three things to take into the castle with thee, but 
they must be things without life." Then he answered, 
^^ Then I ask for a fire, a turning lathe, and a cutting- 
board with the knife." The King had these things 
carried into the castle for him during the day. When 
^'aht was drawing near, the youth went up and made 
himself a bright fire in one of the rooms, placed the 

423 



J 



Fairy Tales 

cutting*board and knife beside it, and seated himself by 
the turning-lathe. " Ah, if I could but shudder ! " said 
he, " but 1 shall not learn it here either." Toward mid- 
night he was about to poke his fire, and as he was 
blowing it, something cried suddenly from one corner, 
" Au, miau ! how cold we are ! " " You simpletons ! " 
cried he, '^ what are you crying about ? It you are cold, 
come and take a seat by the fire and warm yourselves." 
And when he had said that, two great black cats came 
with one tremendous leap and sat down on each side of 
him, and looked savagely at him with their fiery eyes. 
After a short time, when they had warmed themselves, 
they said, '^ Comrade, shall we have ^ game at cards ? " 
" Why not? " he replied, " but just show me your paws." 
Then they stretched out their claws. " Oh," said he, 
*^ what long nails you have ! Wait, I must first cut them 
a little for you." Thereupon he seized them by the 
throats, put them on the cutting -board and screwed their 
fi^et fast. '^ I have looked at your fingers," said he, ^^and 
my fancy for card-playing has gone," and he struck them 
dead and threw them out into the water. But when he 
had made away with these two, and was about to ^t 
down again by his fire, out from every hole and corner 
came black cats and black dogs with red-hot chains, and 
more and more of them came until he could no longer 
stir, and they yelled horribly, and got on his fire, pulled 
it to pieces, and wanted to put it out. He watched them 
for a while quietly, but at last when they were going too 
far, he seized his cutting knife, and cried, ^^ Away with ye, 

424 



The Story of the Youth 

vermin/* and began to cut them down. Part of them ran 
away, the others he killed, and threw out into the fish 
pond. When he came back be blew up the embers of 
his fire again and warmed himself. And as he thus sat, 
his eyes would keep open no longer, and he felt a desire 
to sleep. Then he looked round and saw a great bed in 
the corner. " That is the very thing for me," said he, 
and got into it When he was just going to shut his eyes, 
however, the bed began to move of its own accord, and 
went over the whole of the castle. " That's right," said 
he, " but go faster." Then the bed rolled on as if six 
horses were harnessed to it, up and down, over thresholds 
and steps, but suddenly, hop, hop, it turned over upside 
down, and lay on him like a mountain. But he threw 
quilts and pillows up in the air, got out and said, ^^ Now 
any one who likes may drive/' and lay down by his fire, 
and slept until it was day. In the morning the King 
came, and when he saw him lying there on the ground, 
he thought the spirits had killed him and he was dead. 
Then said he, " After all it is a pity  he is a handsome 
man." The youth heard it, got up, and said, ^^ It has 
not come to that yet." Then the King was astonished, 
but very glad, and asked how he had &red. " Very well 
indeed," answered he ; " one night is over, the two others 
will get over likewise." Then he went to the innkeeper, 
who opened his eyes very wide, and said, " I never ex- 
pected to see thee alive again ! Hast thou learned how 
to shudder yet ? " " No," said he, " it is all in vain. If 

some one would but tell me ! " 

425 

S Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

The second night he again went up into the old castle, 
sat down by the fire, and once more began his old song, 
" If I could but shudder ! " When midnight came, an 
uproar and noise of tumbling about was heard ; at first it 
was low, but it grew louder and louder. Then it was 
quiet for a while, and at length with a loud scream, half 
a man came down the chimney and fell before him. 
** Hollo ! " cried he, " another half belongs to this. This 
is too little ! " Then the uproar began again, there was 
a roaring and howling, and the other half fell down like- 
wise. " Wait," said he, " I will just blow up the fire a 
little for thee." When he had done that and looked 
round again, the two pieces were joined together, and a 
frightful man was sitting in his place. '^ That is no part 
of our bargain," said the youth, " the bench is mine." 
The man wanted to push him away ; the youth, however, 
would not allow that, but thrust him off with all his 
strength, and seated himself again in his own place. Then 
still more men fell down, one after the other ; they brought 
nine dead men's legs and two skulls, and set them up and 
played at ninepins with them. The youth also wanted 
to play and said, " Hark you, can I join you ? " " Yes, 
if thou hast any money." " Money enough," replied he, 
"but your balls are not quite round." Then he took 
the skulls and put them in the lathe and turned them till 
they were round. " There, now, they will roll better ! " 
said he. " Hurrah ! now it goes merrily ! " He played 
with them and lost some of his money, but when it struck 
twelve, everything vanished from his sight. He lay down 

426 



The Story of the Youth 

and quiedy fell asleep. Next morning the King came 
to iaquiic after him. ^ How has it fared irith thee this 
time ? " asked he. "I have been playing at ninepins,^' 
he ansivered, '^and have lost a couple of fiirthings." 
" Hast thou not shuddered then ? " ^' Eh, ivhat ? " said 
he, *' I have made merry. If I did but know what it 
was to shudder ! " 

The third night he sat down again on his bench and 
said quite sadly, ^' If I could but shudder." When it 
grew kte, six tall men came in and brought a cofHn. Then 
said he, ^' Ha, ha, that is certainly my little cousin, who 
only died a few days ago," and he beckoned with his 
finger, and cried, ''Come, little cousin, come." They 
placed the coffin on the ground, but he went to it 
and took the lid off, and a dead man lay therein. He 
fett his face, but it was cold as ice. ^ Stop," said he, '' I 
will warm thee a little," and went to the fire and warmed 
his hand and laid it on the dead man's face, but he re- 
mained cold. Then he took him out, and sat down by the 
fire and laid him on his breast and rubbed his arms that 
the blood might drculate again. As this also did no 
good, he thought to himself, " When two people lie in 
bed together, they warm each other," and carried him to 
bed, covered him over and lay down by him. After a 
short dme the dead man became warm too, and began 
to move. Then said the youth, " See, little cousin, have 
I not warmed thee ? " The dead man, however, got up 
and cried, " Now will I strangle thee." 

*' What ! " said he, " is that the way thou thankcst 

427 



Fairy Tales 

me ? Thou shalt at once go into thy coffin again," and 
he took him up, threw him into it, and shut the lid. 
Then came the six men and carried him away again. '^ I 
cannot manage to shudder," said he. '* I shall never 
learn it here as long as I live." 

Then a man entered who was taller than all others, 
and looked terrible. He was old, however, and had a 
long white beard. " Thou wretch," cried he, " thou 
shalt soon learn what it is to shudder, for thou shalt die." 
" Not so fast," replied the youth. " If I am to die, I 
shall have to have a say in it." " I will soon seize thee," 
said the fiend. " Softly, softly, do not talk so big. I 
am as strong as thou art, and perhaps even stronger." 
" We shall see," said the old man. " If thou art stronger, 
I will let thee go come, we will try." Then he led 
him by dark passages to a smith's forge, took an axe, and 
with one blow struck an anvil into the ground. ^' I can 
do that better still," said the youth, and went to the other 
anvil. The old man placed himself near and wanted to 
look on, and his white beard hung down. Then the 
youth seized the axe, split the anvil with one blow, and 
struck the old man's beard in with it. " Now I have 
thee," said the youth. " Now it is thou who wilt have 
to die." Then he seized an iron bar and beat the old 
man till he moaned and entreated him to stop, and he 
would give him great riches. The youth drew out the 
axe and let him go. The old man led him back into the 
castle, and in a cellar showed him three chests full of 
gold. " Of these," said he, " one part is for the poor, 

428 



The Story of the Youth 

the other is for the king, the third is thine." In the 
meantime it struck twelve, and the spirit disappeared ; 
the youth, therefore, was left in darkness. *^ I shall still 
be able to find my way out," said he, and felt about, 
found the way into the room^ and slept there by his fire. 
Next morning the King came and said, ** Now thou must 
have learned what shuddering is ? " " No," he answered ; 
^^what can it be? My dead cousin was here, and a 
bearded man came and showed me a great deal of money 
down below, but no one told me what it was to shudder." 
" Then," said the King, " thou hast delivered the castle, 
and shalt marry my daughter." " That is all very well," 
said he, '* but still I do not know what it is to shudder ! " 
Then the gold was brought up and the wedding cele^ 
brated ; but howsoever much the young King loved his 
wife, and however happy he was, he still said always, '^ If 
I could but shudder  if I could but shudder." And at 
hrst she was angry at this. Her waiting-maid said, ^^ I 
will find a cure for him ; he shall soon learn what it is to 
shudder." She went out to the stream which flowed 
through the garden, and had a whole bucketful of gud- 
geons brought to her. At night when the young King 
was sleeping, his wife was to draw the clothes off him and 
empty the bucketful of cold water with the gudgeons in 
it over him, so that the little fishes would sprawl about 
him. When this was done, he woke up and cried, " Oh, 
what makes me shudder so ?  what makes me shudder 
so, dear wife ? Ah ! now I know what it is to shudder 1 " 



429 



STORY OF THE EMPEROR'S NEW 

CLOTHES 

li/I ANY years ago there lived an Emperor who was so 
^^^ fond of new clothes that he spent all his money 
on them in order to be beautifully dressed. He did not 
care about his soldiers, he did not care about the theatre ; 
he only liked to go out walking to show off his new 
clothes. He had a coat for every hour of the day ; 
and just as they say of a king, ^' He is in the council- 
chamber," they always said here, " The Emperor is in 
the wardrobe." 

In the great city in which he lived there was always 
something going on ; every day many strangers came 
there. One day two impostors arrived who gave them- 
selves out as weavers, and said that they knew how to 
manufacture the most beautiful cloth imaginable. Not 
only were the texture and pattern uncommonly beauti- 
ful, but the clothes which were made of the stuff pos- 
sessed this wonderful property that they were invisible to 
any one who was not fit for his office, or who was unpar- 
donably stupid. 

** Those must indeed be splendid clothes," thought 
the Emperor. '^ If I had them on I could find out which 
men in my kingdom are unfit for the offices they hold ; 
I could distinguish the wise from the stupid ! Yes, this 

430 



Story of the Emperor's New Clothes 

cloth must be woven for me at once." And he gave 
both the impostors much money, so that they might 
begin their work. 

They placed two weaving-looms, and began to do as 
if they were working, but they had not the least thing on 
the looms. They also demanded the finest silk and the 
best gold, which they put in their pockets, and worked 
at the empty looms till late into the night. 

" I should like very much to know how far they have 
got on with the cloth," thought the Emperor. But he 
remembered when he thought about it that whoever was 
stupid or not fit for his oflice would not be able to see it. 
Now he certainly believed that he had nothing to fear 
for himself, but he wanted first to send somebody else 
in order to see how he stood with regard to his ofiice. 
Everybody in the whole town knew what a wonderful 
power the cloth had, and they were all curious to see 
how bad or how stupid their neighbor was. 

^'I will send my old and honored minister to the 
weavers," thought the Emperor. " He can judge best 
what the cloth is like, for he has intellect, and no one 
understands his oflice better than he." 

Now the good old minister went into the hall where 
the two impostors sat working at the empty weaving- 
looms. " Dear me ! " thought the old minister, opening 
his eyes wide, " I can see nothing ! " But he did not 
say so. 

Both the impostors begged him to be so kind as to 
step closer, and asked him if it were not a beautiful tex- 

431 



Fairy Tales 

ture and lovely colors. They pointed to the empty loom, 
and the poor old minister went forward rubbing his eyes ; 
but he could see nothing, for there was nothing there. 

"Dear, dear!" thought he, "can I be stupid? I 
have never thought that, and nobody must know it! 
Can I be not fit for my office i No, I must certainly not 
say that I cannot see the cloth ! " 

" Have you nothing to say about it ? *' asked one of 
the men who was weaving. 

" Oh, it is lovely, most lovely ! " answered the old 
minister, looking through his spectacles. " What a tex- 
ture ! What colors ! Yes, I will tell the Emperor that 
it pleases me very much." 

" Now we are delighted at that/' said both the weavers, 
and thereupon they named the colors and explained the 
make of the texture. 

The old minister paid great attention, so that he 
could tell the same to the Emperor when he canie back 
to him, which he did. 

The impostors now wanted more money, more silk, 
and more gold to use in their weaving. They put it ail 
in their own pockets, and there came no threads on the 
loom, but they went on as they had done before, work- 
ing at the empty loom. The Emperor soon sent another 
worthy statesman to see how the weaving was getting on, 
and whether the cloth would soon be finished. It was 
the same with him as the first one ; he looked and looked^ 
but because there was nothing on the empty loom he 
could see nothing. 



Story of the Emperor's New Clothes 

^^ Is it not a beautiful piece of cloth ? '' asked the two 
impostors, and they pointed to and described the splendid 
material which was not there. 

'* Stupid I am not ! " thought the man, *' so it must 
be my good office for which I am not fitted. It is 
strange, certainly, but no one must be allowed to notice 
it." And so he praised the cloth which he did not see, 
and expressed to them his delight at the beautiful colors 
and the splendid texture. ** Yes, it is quite beautiful,** 
he said to the Emperor. 

Everybody in the town was talking of the magnificent 
doth. 

Now the Emperor wanted to see it himself while it 
was still on the loom. With a great crowd of select 
followers, among whom were both the worthy states- 
men who had already been there before, he went to the 
cunning impostors, who were now weaving with all their 
might, but without fibre or thread. 

'* Is it not splendid ! " said both the old statesmen 
who had already been there. " See, your Majesty, what a 
texture ! What colors ! " And then they pointed to the 
empty loom, for they believed that the others could see 
the cloth quite well. 

" What ! " thought the Emperor, " I can see noth- 
ing ! This is indeed horrible ! Am I stupid ? Am I 
not fit to be Emperor ? That were the most dreadful 
thing that could happen to me. Oh, it is very beautiful," 
he said. *^ It has my gracious approval." 

And then he nodded pleasantly, and examined the 

433 



Fairy Tales 

empty loom, for ht would not say that he could see 
nothing* 

His whole Court round him looked and looked, and 
saw no more than the others ; but they said like the 
Emperor, ** Oh ! it is beautiful ! " And they advised 
him to wear these new and magnificent clothes for the 
first time at the great procession which was soon to take 
place. ^' Splendid ! Lovely ! Most beautiful ! " went 
from mouth to mouth ; every one seemed delighted over 
them, and the Emperor gave to the impostora the title of 
Court weavers to the Emperor. 

Throughout the whole of the night before the morning 
on which the procession was to take place, the impostors 
were up and were workii^ by the light of over sixteea 
candles. The people could see that they vrere very busy 
making the Emperor's new clothes ready. They pre^ 
tended they were taking the cloth from the loom, cut 
with huge scissors in the air, sewed with needles without 
thread, and then said at last, '* Now the clothes are 
finished!" 

The Emperor came himself with his most disdn* 
guished knights, and each impostor held up his arm just 
as if he were holding something and said, *' See ! here 
are the breeches ! Here is the coat ! Here the cloak ! " 
and so on. 

*' Spun clothes are so comfortable that one would imag* 
ine one had nothing on at all ; but that is the beauty of it ! " 

'* Yes," said all the knights, but they could see noth- 
ing, for there was nothing there. 

434 



Story of the Emperor's New Clothes 

*^ Will it please your Majesty graciously to take off 
your clothes,'' said the impostors, '^ then we will put on' 
the new clothes, here before the mirror." 

The Emperor took off all his clothes, and the im- 
postors placed themselves before him as if they were 
putting on each part of his new clothes which was ready, 
and the Emperor turned and bent himself in front of the 
mirror. 

"How beautifully they fit! How well they sit!" 
said everybody. "What material! What colors! It 
is a gorgeous suit ! " 

"They are waiting outside with the canopy which 
your Majesty is wont to have borne over you in the pro- 
cession," announced the Master of the Ceremonies. 

" Look, I am ready," said the Emperor. " Doesn't 
it sit well 1 " And he turned himself again to the mirror 
to see if his finery was on all right. 

The chamberlains who were used to carry the train 
put their hands near the floor as if they were lifting up 
the train ; then they did as if they were holding some- 
thing in the air. They would not have it noticed that 
they could see nothing. 

So the Emperor went along in the procession under 
the splendid canopy, and all the people in the streets and 
at the windows said, " How matchless are the Emperor's 
new clothes! That train fastened to his dress, how 
beautifully it hangs ! " 

No one wished it to be noticed that he could see 
nothing, for then he would have been unfit for his oflice, 

435 






Fairy Tales 

or else very stupid. None of the Emperor's clothes had 
met with such approval as these had. 

But he has nothing on ! " said a litde child at last. 
Just listen to the innocent child ! " said the father, 
and each one whispered to his neighbor what the child 
had said. 

'^ But he has nothii^ on ! " the whole of the people 
called out at last. 

This struck the Emperor, for it seemed to him as if 
they were right ; but he thought to himself, '^ I must go 
on with the procession now." And the chamberlains 
walked along still more uprightly, holding up the train 
which was not there at all. 



436 



THE ROSE AND THE RING 

OR THE HISTORY OF PRINCE GIGLIO 
AND PRINCE BULBO 

A fireside Pantomime for Great and Small Children 

By MR. M. A. TITMARSH 
(w. M. Thackeray) 



437 



PRELUDE 

It happened that th undersigned spent the last 
Christmas season in a foreign city where there were 
many English children. 

In that city, if you wanted to give a child's party, 
you could not even get a magic lantern or buy Twelfth- 
Night characters  those fanny painted pictures of the 
King, the Queen, the Lover, the Lady, the Dandy, the 
Captain, and so on  ^with which our young ones are wont 
to recreate themselves at this festive time. 

My friend. Miss Bunch, who was governess of a 
large family, that lived in the Piano Nobile of the house 
inhabited by myself and my young charges (it was the 
Palazzo Poniatowski at Rome, and Messrs. Spillmann, 
two of the best pastry-cooks in Christendom, have their 
shop on the ground floor) ; Miss Bunch, I say, begged 
me to draw a set of Twelfth-Night characters for the 
amusement of our young people. 

She is a lady of great fancy and droll imagination, 
and, having looked at the characters, she and I com- 
posed a history about them, which was recited to the 
little folks at night, and served as our fireside pan- 
tomime. 

Our juvenile audience was amused by the adventures 
of Giglio and Bulbo, Rosalba and Angelica. I am 

439 



Fairy Tales 

bound to say the fate of the Hall Porter created a con- 
siderable sensation, and the wrath of Countess GruffanufF 
was received with extreme pleasure. * 

If these children are pleased, thought I, why should 
not others be amused also? In a few days Dr. Birch's 
young friends will be expected to reassemble at Rodwell 
Riegs, where they will learn everything that is useful, 
and under the eyes of careful ushers continue the busi- 
ness of their little lives. 

But in the meanwhile, and for a brief holiday, let us 
laugh and be as pleasant as we can. And you elder folks 
 a little joking and dancing and fooling will do even 
you no harm. The author wishes you a merry Christ- 
mas, and welcomes you to the Fireside Pantomime. 

M. A. TiTMARSH. 
December, 1854. 



440 




THE ROSE AND THE RING 



CHAPTER I 

SHOWS HOW THE ROYAL FAMILY SATE DOWN TO 
BREAKFAST 

'T'HIS is Valoroso XXIV., King of Paflagonia, seated 
-^ with his Queen and only child at their royal break- 
^t-table, and receiving the letter which announces to 
his Majesty a proposed visit ftom Prince Bulbo, heir of 
Padella, reigning King of Crim Tartary. Remark the 
delight upon the monarch's royal features. He is so 
absorbed in the perusal of the King of Crim Tartary's 
letter, that he allows his eggs to get cold, and leaves his 
august muffins untasted. 

" What ! that wicked, brave, delightful Prince Bulbo !" 



cc 



Fairy Tales 

cries Princess Angelica  *' so handsome, so accomplished, 
so witty  the conqueror of Rimbombamento, where he 
slew ten thousand giants ! " 

" Who told you of him, my dear ? " asks his Majesty. 

" A little bird," says Angelica. 
Poor Giglio ! " says mamma, pouring out the tea. 
Bother Giglio ! " cries Angelica, tossing up her 
head, which rustled with a thousand curl-papers. 

" I wish," growls the King  " I wish Giglio was  '* 

" Was better ? Yes dear, he is better," says the 
Queen. '^ Angelica's little maid, Betsinda, told me so 
when she came to my room this morning with my early 
tea." 

**You are always drinking tea," said the monarch, 
with a scowl. 

" It is better than drinking port or brandy-and-water," 
replies her Majesty. 

" Well, well, my dear, 1 only said you were fond of 
drinking tea," said the King of Paflagonia, with an effort 
as if to command his temper. " Angelica ! I hope you 
have plenty of new dresses ; your milliners' bills are long 
enough. My dear Queen, you must see and have some 
parties. I prefer dinners, but of course you will be for 
balls. Your everlasting blue velvet quite tires me ; and, 
my love, I should like you to have a new necklace. Order 
one. Not more than a hundred or a hundred and fifty 
thousand pounds." 

" And Giglio dear," says the Queen. 

" Giglio may go to the  " 

442 



The Rose and the Ring 

" Oh, sir ! " screams her Majesty. " Your own 
nephew ! our late King's only son." 

" Giglio may go to the tailor's, and order the bills 
to be sent in to Glumboso to pay. Confound him ! I 
mean bless his dear heart. He need want for noth- 
ing; give him a couple of guineas for pocket-money, my 
dear, and you may as well order yourself bracelets, while 
you are about the necklace, Mrs. V." 

Her Majesty, or Mrs. V.^ as the monarch facetiously 
called her (for even royalty will have its sport, and this 
august family were very much attached), embraced her 
husband, and, twining her arm around her daughter's 
waist, they quitted the breakfast-room in order to make 
all things ready for the princely stranger. 

When they were gone, the smile that had lighted up 
the eyes of the husband and father fled  the pride of the 
King fled  the man was alone. Had I the pen of a 
G. P. R. James, I would describe Valoroso's torments in 
the choicest language ; in which I would also depict 
his flashing eye, distended nostril  his dressing-gown, 
pocket-handkerchief, and boots. But I need not say I 
have not the pen of that novelist ; suflSce it to say, Val- 
oroso was alone. 

He rushed to the cupboard, seizing from the table 
one of the many egg-cups with which his princely board 
was served for the matin meal, drew out a bottle of right 
Nantz or Cognac, filled an emptied cup several times, 
and laid it down with a hoarse " Ha, ha, ha ! now Val- 
oroso is a man again ! " 

443 



Fairy Tales 

^* But oh ! " he weat on (still sippmg, I nm sorry to 
say), *^ ere I was a king> I needed not this intoxicating 
draught; once I detested the hot brandy wine, and 
quaffed no other fount but nature's rill. It dashes not 
more quickly o'er the rocks than I did, as with blunder- 
buss in hand, I brushed away the early morning dew 
and shot the partridge, snipe, or antlered deer ! . Ah I 
well may England's dramatist remark, ' Uneasy lies the 
head that wears a crown ! ' Why did I steal my neph- 
ew's, my young Giglio's ? Steal ! said I ; no, no, no> 
not steal, not steal. Let me withdraw that odious ex* 
pression. I took, and on my manly head I set, the 
royal crown of Paflagonia; I took, and with my royal 
arm I wield, the sceptral rod of Paflagonia ; I took, and 
in my outstretched hand I hold, the royal orb of Pafla- 
gonia ! Could a poor boy, a snivellings drivelling boy 
 was in his nurse's arms but yesterday, and cried for 
sugar plums and puled for pap  bear up the awful weight 
of crown, orb, sceptre?  gird on the sword my royal 
fathers wore, and meet in fight the tough Crimean foe ? '* 

And then the monarch went on to argue in his own 
mind (though we need not say that blank verse is not 
argument) that what he had got it was his duty to keep, 
and that, if at one time he had entertained ideas of a cer- 
tain restitution, which shall be nameless, the prospect by 
a certain marriage of uniting two crowns and two nations 
which had been engaged in bloody and expensive wars, 
as the Paflagonians and the Crimeans had been, put the 
idea of Giglio's restoration to the throne out of the 

AAA 



The Rose and the Ring 

question : nay, were his own brother, King Savio, alive, 
he would certainly will away the crown from his own 
son in order to bring about such a desirable union. 

Thus easily do we deceive ourselves ! Thus do we 
fancy what we wish is right! The King took courage, 
read the papers, finished his muffins and eggs, and rang 
the bell for his Prime Minister. The Queen, after think- 
ing whether she should go up and see Giglio, who had 
been sick, thought, ** Not now. Business first, pleasure 
afterward. I will go and see dear Giglio this afternoon ; 
and now I will drive to the jeweller's, to look for the 
necklace and bracelets." The Princess went up into 
her own room, and made Betsinda, her maid, bring out 
all her dresses ; and as for Giglio, they forgot him as 
much as I forget what I had for dinner last Tuesday 
twelvemonth. 



CHAPTER II 

HOW KING VALOROSO GOT THE CROWN AND PRINCE 

GIGLIO WENT WITHOUT 

Paflagonia, ten or twenty thousand years ago, ap- 
pears to have been one of those kingdoms where the laws 
of succession were not settled ; for when King Savio died, 
leaving his brother regent of the kingdom, and guardian 
of Savio's orphan infant, this unfaithful regent took no 
sort of regard of the late monarch's will ; had himself 
proclaimed sovereign of Pafl^onia under the title of 

445 



Fairy Tales 

King Valorosa XXIV., had a most splendid coronation, 

and ordered all the nobles of the kingdom to pay him 

homage. So long as Valoroso gave them plenty of baUs 

at Court, plenty of money, and lucrative places, the 

Pailagonian nobility did not care who was king; and as 

for the people, in those early times, they were equally 

inctiflferenL The Prince Giglio, by reason of his tender 

age at his tx)yal father's death, did not feel the loss of his 

crown and empire. As long as he had plenty of toys 

and sweetmeats, a holiday five times a week, and a horse 

and gun to go out shooting when he grew a little older, 

and, above all, the company of his darling cousin, the 

King's only child, poor Giglio .was perfectly contented; 

nor did he envy his uncle the royal robes and sceptre, 

the great hot, uncomfortable throne of state, and the 

enormous, cumbersome crown in which that monarch 

appeared, from morning till night. King Valoroso's 

portrait has been left to us ; and I think you will agree 

with me that he must have been sometimes rather tired 

of his velvet, and his diamonds, and his ermine, and his 

grandeur. I shouldn't like to sit in that stifling robe 

with such a thing as that on my head. 

No doubt the Queen must have been lovely in her 

youth ; for though she grew rather stout in after life, yet 

her features, as shown in her portrait, are certainly pleeu-- 

ing. If she was fond of flattery, scandal, cards, and fine 

clothes, let us deal gently with her infirmities, which, 

after all, may be no greater than our own. She was kind 

to her nephew ; and if she had any scruples of conscience 

446 



The Rose and the Ring 

about her husband's taking the young Prince's crown, con- 
soled herself by thinking that the King, though a usurper. 




was a most respectable man, and that at his death Prince 
Giglio would be restored to his throne, and share it with 
his cousin, whom he loved so fondly. 
447 



Fairy Tales 



The Prime Minister was Glumboto, an old statesnuutj 
who moat cheerfiilly swore fidelity u> King Vakiroso, and 




in whose hands the monarch left all the affairs of his 

kingdom. All Valoroso wanted was plenty of money, 

448 



The Rose and the Ring 

plenty of hunting, plenty of flattery, and as little trouble 
as possible. As long as he had his sport, this monarch 
cared little how his people paid for it ; he engaged in 
some wars, and of course the Paflagonian newspapers 
announced that he gained prodigious victories ; he had 
statues erected to himself in every city of the empire ; 
and of course his pictures placed everywhere, and in all 
the print shops ; he was Valoroso the Magnanimous, 
Valoroso the Victorious, Valoroso the Great, and so forth 
 for even in these early times courtiers and people knew 
how to flatter. 

This royal pair had one only child, the Princess An- 
gelica, who, you may be sure, was a paragon in the court- 
iers' eyes, in her parents', and in her own. It was said 
she had the longest hair, the largest eyes, the slimmest 
waist, the smallest foot, and the most lovely complexion 
of any young lady in the Paflagonian dominions. Her 
accomplishments were announced to be even superior to 
her beauty ; and governesses used to shame their idle 
pupils by telling them what Princess Angelica could do. 
She could play the most difllicult pieces of music at sight. 
She could answer any one of Mangnal's Questions. She 
knew every date in the history of Paflagonia, and every 
other country. She knew French, English, Italian, Ger- 
man, Spanish, Hebrew, Greek, Latin, Cappadocian, 
Samothracian, ^gean, and Crim Tartar. In a word, she 
was a most accomplished young creature ; and her gov- 
erness and lady-in-waiting was the severe Countess 
Gruflisinuff. 

449 

T Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

Would you not fancy, from this picture, that GrufF- 
anuff must have been a person of the highest birth? She 
looks so haughty that I should have thought her a prin- 




cess at the very least, with a pedigree reaching as fer back 
as the deluge. But this lady was no better born than 
many other ladies who give themselves airs ; and all sen- 
sible people laughed at her absurd pretensions ; the fact 
450 



The Rose and the Ring 

is she had been maid-servant to the Queen when her 
Majesty was only Princess, and her husband had been 
head footman, but after his death or disappearance y of 
which you shall hear presently, this Mrs. GrufFanufF, by 
flattering, toadying, and wheedling her royal mistress, 
became a favorite with the Queen (who was rather a weak 
woman), and her Majesty gave her a title, and made her 
nursery governess to the Princess. 

And now I must tell you about the Princess's learn- 
ing and accomplishments, for which she had such a won- 
derful character. Clever Angelica certainly was, but as 
idle as possible. Play at sight, indeed ! she could play 
one or two pieces, and pretend that she had never seen 
them before ; she could answer half a dozen Mangnal's 
Questions ; but then you must take care to ask the right 
ones. As for her languages, she had masters in plenty, 
but I doubt whether she know more than a few phrases 
in each, for all her pretence ; and as for her embroidery 
and her drawing, she showed beautiful specimens, it is 
true, but who did them ? 

This obliges me to tell the truth, and to do so I 
must go back ever so far, and tell you about the Fairy 
Blackstick. 



451 



CHAPTER III 

TELLS WHO THE FAIRY BLACKSTICK WAS, AND WHO WERE 
EVER SO MANY GRAND PERSONAGES BESIDES 

Between the kingdoms of Paflagonia and Crim Tar- 
tary, there lived a mysterious personage, who was known 
in those countries as the Fairy Blackstick, from the 
ebony wand or crutch which she carried ; on which she 
rode to the moon sometimes, or upon other excursions 
of business or pleasure, and with which she performed 
her wonders. 

When she was young, and had been first taught the 
art of conjuring, by the necromancer, her father, she was 
always practicing her skill, whizzing about from one 
kingdom to another upon her black stick, and conferring 
her fairy favors upon this Prince or that. She had scores 
of royal godchildren ; turned numberless wicked people 
into beasts, birds, millstones, clocks, pumps, bootjacks, 
umbrellas, or other absurd shapes ; and in a word was 
one of the most active and officious of the whole College 
of fairies. 

But after two or three thousand years of this sport, I 
suppose Blackstick grew tired of it. Or perhaps she 
thought, " What good am I doing by sending this Prin- 
cess to sleep for a hundred years ? by fixing a black pud- 
ding on to that booby's nose? by causing diamonds and 

pearls to drop from one little girl's mouth, and vipers 

452 



The Rose and the Ring 

and toads from another's? I begin to think I do as 
much harm as good by my performances. I might as 
well shut my incantations up, and allow things to take 
their natural course. 

"There were my two young goddaughters, King 
Savio's wife, and Duke Padella's wife ; I gave them each 
a present which was to render them charming in the eyes 
of their husbands, and secure the afiection of those gentle- 
men as long as they lived. What good did my Rose and 
my Ring do these two women ? None on earth. From 
having all their whims indulged by their husbands, they 
became capricious, lazy, ill-humored, absurdly vain, and 
leered and languished, and fancied themselves irresistibly 
beautiful, when they were really quite old and hideous, 
the ridiculous creatures ! They used actually to patron- 
ize me when I went to pay them a visit : mej the Fairy 
Blackstick, who knows all the wisdom of the necro- 
mancers, and who could have turned them into baboons, 
and all their diamonds into strings of onions, by a single 
wave of my rod ! " So she locked up her books in her 
cupboard, declined further magical performances, and 
scarcely used her wand at all except as a cane to walk 
about with. 

So when Duke Padella's lady had a little son (the 
Duke was at that time only one of the principal noble- 
men in Crim Tartary), Blackstick, although invited to 
the christening, would not so much as attend; but 
merely sent her compliments and a silver papboat for the 
baby, which was really not worth a couple of guineas. 

453 



Fairy Tales 

About the same time the Queen of Paflagonia presented 
his Majesty with a son and heir ; and guns were fired^ 
the capital illuminated, and no end of feasts ordained to 
celebrate the young Prince's birth. It was thought the 
feiry, who was asked to be his godmother, would at least 
have presented him with an invisible jacket, a flying 
horse, a Fortunatus's purse, or some other valuable token 
of her favor; but instead, Blackstick went up to the 
cradle of the child Giglio, when everybody was admiring 
him and complimenting his royal papa and mamma, and 
said : '' My poor child, the best thing I can send you is 
a little misfortuney' and this was all she would utter, to 
the disgust of Giglio's parents, who died very soon after, 
when Giglio's uncle took the throne, as we read in 
Chapter I. 

In like manner, when Cavolfiore, King of Crim 
Tartary, had a christening of his only child, Rosalba, 
the Fairy Blackstick, who had been invited, was not 
more gracious than in Prince Giglio's case. While 
everybody was expatiating over the beauty of the darling 
child, and congratulating its parents, the Fairy Black- 
stick looked very sadly at the baby and its mother, and 
said : " My good woman (for the Fairy was very femil- 
iar, and no more minded a Queen than a washerwoman) 
 my good woman, these people who are following you 
will be the first to turn against you ; and, as for this lit- 
tle lady, the best thing I can wish her is a little misfor- 
tune'* So she touched Rosafba with her black wand, 
looked severely at the courtiers, motioned the Queen an 

454 



The Rose and the Ring 

adif u with her hand, and sailed slowly up into the air 
out of the window. 

When she was gone, the Court people, who had been 
awed and silent in her presence, began to speak. ^' What 
an odious Fairy she is [they said]  3. pretty Fairy, in- 
deed ! Why, she went to the King of Paflagonia's 
christening, and pretended to do all sorts of things for 
that family ; and what has happened  the Prince, her 
godson, has been turned off his throne by his uncle. 
Would we allow our sweet Princess to be deprived of 
her rights by any enemy ? Never, never, never, never ! " 

And they all shouted in a chorus, " Never, never, 
never, never ! " 

Now, I should like to know how did these fine 
courtiers show their fidelity ? One of King Cavolfiore's 
vassals, the Duke Padellajust mentioned, rebelled against 
the King, who went out to chastise his rebellious subject. 
" Any one rebel against our beloved and august Mon- 
arch ! " cried the courtiers ; " any one resist him ? He 
is invincible, irresistible. He will bring home Padella a 
prisoner ; and tie him to a donkey's tail, and drive him 
round the town, saying : * This is the way the Great 
Cavolfiore treats rebels/ " 

The King went forth to vanquish Padella ; and the 
poor Queen, who was a very timid, anxious creature, 
grew so frightened and ill, that I am sorry to say she 
died, leaving injunctions with her ladies to take care of 
the dear little Rosalba. Of course they said they would. 
Of course they vowed they would die rather than ^^any 

455 



Fairy Tales 

harm should happen to the Princess. At first the Crim 
Tartar Court Journal stated that the King was obtaining 
great victories over the audacious rebel ; then it was an- 
nounced that the troops of the infamous Padella were in 
flight ; then it was said that the royal army would soon 
come up with the enemy ; and then  then the news 
came that King Cavolfiore was vanquished and slain by 
His Majesty, King Padella the First ! 

At this news, half the courtiers ran off to pay their 
duty to the conquering chief, and the other half ran 
away, laying hands on all the best articles in the palace, 
and poor little Rosalba was left there quite alone ^juite 
alone ; and she toddled from one room to another, cry- 
ing : ^' Countess ! Duchess ! [only she said ' Tountess, 
Duttess,' not being able to speak plain] bring me my 
mutton sop ; my Royal Highness hungry ! Tountess, 
Duttess ! " She went from the private apartments 
into the throne-room and nobody was there ; thence 
into the ball-room, and nobody was there ; thence into 
the pages'-room, and nobody was there. She toddled 
down the great staircase into the hall, and nobody was 
there. The door was open, and she went into the 
court, and into the garden, and thence into the wilder- 
ness, and thence into the forest where the wild beasts 
live, and was never heard of any more 1 

A piece of her torn mantle and one of her shoes were 
found in the wood in the mouths of two lioness's cubs, 
whom Kino Padella and a royal hunting party shot  

456 



The Rose and the Ring 

for he was King now, and reigned over Crim Tartary. 
" So the poor little Princess is done for," said he ; " well, 
what's done can't be helped. Gentlemen, let us go to 
luncheon ! " And one of the courtiers took up the shoe 
and put it in his pocket. And there was an end of 
Rosalba. 




CHAPTER IV 

how blackstick was not asked to the princess 

angelica's christening 

When the Princess Angelica was born, her parents 
not only did not ask the Fairy Blackstick to the christen- 
ing party, but gave orders to their porter absolutely to 
refuse her if she called. This porter's name was GrufF- 
anufF, and he had been selected for the post by their 
Royal Highnesses because he was a very tall, fierce man, 
who could say *^ Not at home," to a tradesman or an 
unwelcome visitor, with a rudeness which frightened 
most such persons away. He was the husband of that 
Countess whose picture we have just seen, and as long 
as they were together they quarrelled from morning till 
night. Now this fellow tried his rudeness once too 
often, as you shall hear. For the Fairy Blackstick 
coming to call upon the Prince and Princess, who were 
actually sitting at the open drawing-room window, GrufF- 
anuff not only denied them, but made the most odious 
vulgar sign as he was going to slam the door in the 
Fairy's face ! " Git away, old Blackstick ! " said he. 
" I tell you. Master and Missis ain't at home to you ;" 
and he was, as we have said, going to slam the door. 

But the Fairy, with her wand, prevented the door 
being shut ; and GruffanufF came out again in a fury, 
swearing in the most abominable way, and asking the 

458 



The Rose and the Ring 

Fairy " whether she thought he was a-^oing to stay at 
that there door hall day ? " 

"You are going to stay at that door aii day and alt 




nightj and for many a long year," the Fairy said, very 

majestically ; and GrufFanufT, coming out of the door, 

straddling before it with his great calves, burst out 

459 



Fairy Tales 

laughing, and cried : " Ha, ha, ha ! this is a good un ! 
Ha  ah  what's this ? Let me down  O  o  
H'm ! " and then he was dumb ! 

For, as the Fairy waved her wand over him, he felt 
himself rising off the ground, and fluttered up against 
the door, and then, as if a screw ran into his stomach, 
he felt a dreadful pain there, and was pinned to the 




door ; and then his arms flew up over his head ; and his 
legs, after writhing about wildly, twisted under his body; 
and he felt cold, cold, growing over him, as if he was 
turning into metal, and he said: " O o  H'm!" and 
could say no more, because he was dumb. 

He was turned into metal ! He was from being 
brazen, brass! He was neither more nor less than a 
knocker ! And there he was, nailed to the door in the 
460 



The Rose and the Ring 

blazing summer day, till he burned almost red-hot ; and 
there he was, nailed to the door all the bitter winter 
nights, till his brass nose was dropping with icicles. And 
the postman came and rapped at him, and the vulgarest 
boy with a letter came and hit him up against the door. 
And the King and Queen (Princess and Prince they were 
then), coming home from a walk that evening, the King 
said : '* Hullo, my dear ! you have had a new knocker 
put on the door. Why, it's rather like our porter in the 
face! What has become of that boozy vagabond?" 
And the housemaid came and scrubbed his nose with 
sandpaper. And once, when the Princess Angelica's little 
sister was born, he was tied up in an old kid glove ; and, 
another night, some larking young men tried to wrench 
him off, and put him to the most excruciating agony with 
a turnscrew. And then the Queen had a fancy to have 
the color of the door altered ; and the painters dabbed 
him over the mouth and eyes, and nearly choked him, 
as they painted him pea-green. I warrant he had leisure 
to repent of having been rude to the Fairy Blacks tick. 

As for his wife, she did not miss him ; and as he was 
always guzzling beer at the public-house, and notoriously 
quarrelling with his wife, and in debt to the tradesmen, 
it was supposed he had run away from all these evils and 
emigrated to Australia or America. And when the Prince 
and Princess chose to become King and Queen, they 
left their old house, and nobody thought of the porter 
any more. 

461 



CHAPTER V 

HOW PRINCESS ANGELICA TOOK A LITTLE MAID 

One day, when the Princess Angelica was quite a 
little girl, she was walking in the garden of the palace, 
with Mrs. Grufi^nuiF, the governess, holding a parasol 




over her head to keep her sweet complexion from the 
freckles, and Angelica was carrying a bun to feed the 
swans and ducks in the royal pond. 

They had not reached the duck-pond, when there 
462 



The Rose and the Ring 

came toddling up to them such a fimny little girl ! She 
had a great quantity of hair blowing about her chubby 
little cheeks, and looked as if she had not been washed 
or combed for ever so long. She wore a ragged bit of a 
cloak, and had only one shoe on. 

"You little wretch, who let you in here?" asked 
GrufianufF. 

" Dive me dat bun," said the little girl, " me vely 
hungy." 

" Hungry ! what is that ? " asked Princess Angelica, 
and gave the child the bun. 

" Oh, Princess ! " says GruflfanufF, " how good, how 
kind, how truly angelical you are ! See, your Majesties," 
she said to the King and Queen, who now came up, along 
with their nephew. Prince Giglio, " how kind the Princess 
is ! She met this little dirty wretch in the garden  I 
can't tell how she came in here, or why the guards did 
not shoot her dead at the gate !  and the dear darling of 
a Princess has given her the whole of her bun ! " 
I didn't want it," said Angelica. 
But you are a darling little angel all the same," says 
the governess. 

" Yes ; I know I am," said Angelica. " Dirty little 
girl, don't you know I am very pretty ? " Indeed, she 
had on the finest of little dresses and hats, and as her 
hair was carefully curled, she looked very well. 

'* Oh, pooty, pooty ! " says the little girl, capering 
about, laughing, and dancing, and munching her bun; 
and as she ate it she began to sing, " Oh what fun to have 

463 



1 



Fairy Tales 

a plum bun ! how I wis it never was done ! " At which, 
and her funny accent, Angelica, Giglio, and the King and 
Queen b^an to laugh very merrily. 




" I can dance as well as sing," says the little girl. " I 
can dance, and I can sing, and I can do all sort of ting." 
And she ran to a flower-bed, and pulling a few polyan- 
thuses, rhododendrons, and other flowers, made herself 
464 



The Rose and the Ring 

a little wreath, and danced before the King and Queen 
so drolly and prettily that everybody was delighted. 

" Who was your mother  who were your relations, 
little girl ? " said the Queen. 

The little girl said : " Little lion was my brudder ; 
great big lioness my mudder ; neber heard of any 
udder." 

And she capered away on her one shoe, and every- 
body was exceedingly diverted. 

So Angelica said to the Queen : ^* Mamma, my parrot 
fiew away out of its cage, and I don't care any more for 
any of my toys, and I think this funny little dirty child 
will amuse me. I will take her home and give her some 
of my old frocks." 

^^ Oh, the generous darling ! " says GruffanuiF. 

** Which I have worn ever so many times, and am 
quite tired of," Angelica went on ; ^^ and she shall be 
my little maid. Will you go home with me, little dirty 
girl ? " 

" The child clapped her hands, and said : *' Go home 
with you  yes ! You pooty Princess !  Have a nice 
dinner and wear a new dress ! " 

And they all laughed again, and took home the child 
to the palace, where, when she was washed and combed, 
and had one of the Princess's frocks given to her, she 
looked as handsome as Angelica, almost. Not that 
Angelica ever thought so ; for this little lady never 
imagined that anybody in the world could be as pretty, 
as good, or as clever as herself. In order that the little 

465 



Fairy Tales 

girl should not become too proud and conceited, Mrs. 
GruflfanufF took her old ragged mantle and one shoe, and 
put them into a glass box, with a card laid upon them, 
upon which was written : " These were the old clothes 
in which little Betsinda was found when the great good- 
ness and admirable kindness of her Royal Highness, the 
Princess Angelica, received this little outcast." And the 
date was added, and the box locked up. 

For a while little Betsinda was a great favorite with 
the Princess, and she danced, and sang, and made her 
little rhymes, to amuse her mistress. But then the 
Princess got a monkey, and afterward a little dog, and 
afterward a doll, and did not care for Betsinda any more, 
who became very melancholy and quiet, and sang no 
more funny songs, because nobody cared to hear her. 
And then, as she grew older, she was made a little lady's- 
maid to the Princess ; and though she had no wages, she 
worked and mended, and put Angelica's hair in papers, 
and was never cross when scolded, and was always eager 
to please her mistress, and was always up early and to 
bed late, and at hand when wanted, and in fact be- 
came a perfect little maid. So the two girls grew up, 
and when the Princess came out, Betsinda was never 
tired of waiting on her ; and made her dresses better than 
the best milliner, and was useful in a hundred ways. 
While the Princess was having her masters, Betsinda 
would sit and watch them ; and in this way she picked 
up a great deal of learning ; for she was always awake, 
though her mistress was not, and listened to the wise 

466 



r 



The Rose and the Ring 

professors when Angelica was yawning, or thinking of 
the next ball. And when the dancing-master came, 
Betsinda learned along with Angelica; and when the 
music-master came, she watched him, and practiced the 
Princess's pieces when Angelica was away at balls and 
parties; and when the drawing-master came, she took 
note of all he said and did ; and the same with French, 
Italian, and all other languages  she learned them from 
the teacher who came to Angelica. When the Princess 
was going out of an evening she would say : ^^ My good 
Betsinda, you may as well finish what I have begun." 
"Yes, Miss," Betsinda would say, and sit down very 
cheerful, not to finish what Angelica begun, but to 
do it. 

For instance, the Princess would, begin a head of a 
warrior, let us say, and when it was begun it was some- 
thing like this. 




467 



Fairy Tales 

But when it was done, the warrior was like this (only 




handsomer still if possible), and the Princess put her 
name to the drawing; and the Court and King and 
Queen, and above all poor Giglio, admired the picture 
of all things, and said : " Was there ever a genius like 
Angelica?" So, I am sorry to say, was it with the 
Princess's embroidery and other accomplishments; and 
Angelica actually believed that she did these things her- 
self, and received all the flattery of the Court as if every 
word of it was true. Thus she began to think that there 
was no young woman in all the world equal to herself, 
and that there was no young man good enough for her. 
As for Betsinda, as she heard none of these praises, she 
was not puffed up by them, and being a most grateful, 
good-natured girl, she was only too anxious to do every- 
thing which might give her mistress pleasure. Now you 
begin to perceive that Angelica had faults of her own, and 
v^ by no means such a wonder of wonders as people 
represented her Royal Highness to be. 
468 



CHAPTER VI 

HOW PRINCE GIGLIO BEHAVED HIMSELF 

And now let us speak about Prince Giglio, the nephew 
of the reigning monarch of Paflagonia. It has already 
been stated, that as long as he had a smart coat to wear, 
a good horse to ride, and money in his pocket, or rather 
to take out of his pocket, for he was very good-natured, 
my young Prince did not care for the loss of his crown 
and sceptre, being a thoughtless youth, not much inclined 
to politics or any kind of learning. So his tutor had a 
sinecure. Giglio would not learn classics or mathematics, 
and the Lord Chancellor of Paflagonia, Squaretoso, 
pulled a very long face because the Prince could not be 
got to study the Paflagonian laws and constitution ; but 
on the other hand, the King's gamekeepers and hunts- 
men found the Prince an apt pupil ; the dancing-master 
pronounced that he was a most elegant and assiduous 
scholar; the First Lord of the Billiard Table gave the 
most flattering reports of the Prince's skill ; so did the 
Groom of the Tennis Court ; and as for the Captain of 
the Guard and Fencing-Master, the valiant and veteran 
Count KuTASOFF Hedzoff, he avowed that since he ran 
the General of Crim Tartary, the dreadful Grumbuskin, 
through the body, he never encountered so expert a 
swordsman as Prince Giglio. 

I hope you do not imagine that there was any impro- 

469 



Fairy Tales 

priety in the Prince and Princess walking together in the 
palace garden, and because Giglio kissed Angelica's hand 
in a polite manner. In the first place they are cousins; 
oext> the Queen is walking in the garden too (you cannot 




Bee her for she happens to be behind that tree), and her 
Majesty always wished that Angelica and Giglio should 
marry: so did Giglio: so did Angelica sometimes, for 
she thought her cousin very handsome, brave, and good- 
natured ; but then you know she was so clever and knew 
470 



The Rose and the Ring 

so many things, and poor Giglio knew nothing, and had 
no conversation. 

When they looked at the stars, what did Giglio know 
of the heavenly bodies ? Once, when on a sweet night 
in a balcony where they were standing, Angelica said : 
" There is the Bear." " Where ? " says Giglio ; " don't 
be afraid, Angelica ! if a dozen bears come, I will kill 
them rather than they shall hurt you." " Oh, you silly 
creature ! " says she, " you are very good, but you arc 
not very wise." When they looked at the flowers, Giglio 
was utterly unacquainted with botany, and had never 
heard of Linnseus. When the butterflies passed Giglio 
knew nothing about them, being as ignorant of ento- 
mology as I am of algebra. So you see, Angelica, though 
she liked Giglio pretty well, despised him on account 
of his ignorance. I think she probably valued her own 
learning rather too much ; but to think too well of one's 
self is the fault of people of all ages and both sexes. 
Finally, when nobody else was there, Angelica liked her 
cousin well enough. 

King Valoroso was very delicate in health, and withal 
so fond of good dinners (which were prepared for him 
by his French cook, Marmitonio), that it was supposed 
he could not live long. Now the idea of anything hap- 
pening to the King struck the artful Prime Minister 
and the designing old lady-in-waiting with terror. For, 
thought Glumboso and the Countess, "when Prince 
Giglio marries his cousin and comes to the throne, what 
a pretty position we shall be in, whom he dislikes, and 

471 



Fairy Talcs 

who have always been unkind to him. We shall lose 
our places in a trice ; GruflanufF will have to give up all 
the jewels, laces, snuiF-boxes, rings, and watches which 
belonged to the Queen Giglio's mother ; and Glumboso 
will be forced to refund two hundred and seventeen thou- 
sand millions nine hundred and eighty-seven thousand 
four hundred and thirty-nine pounds, thirteen shillings, 
and sixpence halfpenny, money left to Prince Giglio by 
his poor dead father." So the Lady of Honor and the 
Prime Minister hated Giglio because they had done him 
a wrong ; and these unprincipled people invented a hun- 
dred cruel stories about poor Giglio, in order to influence 
the King, Queen, and Princess against him : how he was 
so ignorant that he could not spell the commonest words 
and actually wrote Valoroso Valloroso, and spelt Angel* 
ica with two Ts ; how he drank a great deal too much 
wine at dinner, and was always idling in the stables with 
the grooms ; how he owed ever so much money at the 
pastry-cook's and the haberdasher's ; how he used to go 
to sleep at church ; how he was fond of playing cards 
with the pages. So did the Queen like playing cards ; 
so did the King go to sleep at church, and eat and drink 
too much ; and if Giglio owed a trifle for tarts, who owed 
him two hundred and seventeen thousand millions nine 
hundred and eighty-seven thousand four hundred and 
thirty-nine pounds, thirteen shillings, and sixpence half- 
penny, I should lik^ to know? Detractors and tale- 
bearers (in my humble opinion) had better look at home. 
All this backbiting and slandering had effect upon Prin- 

472 



The Rose and the Ring 

cess Angelica, who began to look coldly on her cousin, 
then to laugh at him and scorn him for being so stupid, 
then to sneer at him for having vulgar associates ; and at 
court balls, dinners, and so forth, to treat him so un-- 
kindly that poor Giglio became quite ill, took to his bed, 
and sent for the doctor. 

His Majesty King Valoroso, as we have seen, had his 
own reasons for disliking his nephew i and as for those 
innocent readers who ask why ? I beg (with the permis- 
sion of their dear parents) to refer them to Shakespeare's 
pages, where they will read why King John disliked 
Prince Arthur. With the Queen, his royal but weak- 
minded aunt, when Giglio was out of sight he was out of 
mind. While she had her whist and her evening parties, 
she cared for little else. 

I .dare say fwo villains, who shall be nameless, wished 
Doctor Pildrafto, the Court Physician, had killed Giglio 
right out, but he only bled and physicked him so se- 
verely that the Prince was kept to his room for several 
months and grew as thin as a post. 

While he was laying sick in this way, there came to 
the Court of Paflagonia a famous painter, whose name 
was Tomaso Lorenzo, and who was Painter in Ordinary 
to the King of Crim Tartary, Paflagonia's neighbor. To- 
maso Lorenzo painted all the Court, who were delighted 
with his work: for even Countess GrufFanufF looked 
young and Glumboso good-humored in his pictures. 
" He flatters very much," some people said. " Nay ! " 
says Princess Angelica, ^^ I am' above flattery, and I 

473 
U Val. 4 



Fairy Tales 

think he did not make my picture handsome enough. I 
can't bear to hear a man of genius unjustly cried down, 
and I hope my dear papa will make Lorenzo a knight 
of his Order of the Cucumber." 

The Princess Angelica, although the courtiers vowed 
her Royal Highness could draw so beautifully that the 
idea of her taking lessons was absurd, yet chose to have 
Lorenzo for a teacher, and it was wonderful, as long as 
she painted in bis studioy what beautiful pictures she 
made ! Some of the performances were engraved for 
the Book of Beauty; others were sold for enormous 
sums at Charity Bazaars. She wrote the signatures 
under the drawings, no doubt, but I think I know who 
did the pictures  this artful painter, who had come with 
other designs on Angelica than merely to teach her to 
draw. 

One day, Lorenzo showed the Princess a portrait of 
a young man in armor, with fair hair and the loveliest 
blue eyes, and an expression at once melancholy and 
interesting. 

" Dear Signor Lorenzo, who is this ? " asked the 
Princess. ''I never saw any one so handsome," says 
Countess GrufianufF (the old humbug). 

" That," said the painter, " that, madam, is the por- 
trait of my august young master, his Royal Highness 
Bulbo, Crown Prince of Crim Tartary, Duke of Acro- 
ceraunia. Marquis of Poluphloisboio, and Knight Grand 
Cross of the Order of the Pumpkin. That is the Order 
of the Pumpkin glittering on his manly breast, and re* 

474 



The Rose and the Ring 

by his Royal Highness from his august father, 
his Majesty King Padella I.^ for his gallantry at the 
battle of Rimbombamento, when he slew with his own 
princely hand the King of Ograria and two hundred and 
eleven giants of the two hundred and eighteen who 
formed the King's bodyguard. The remainder were de- 
stroyed by the brave Crim Tartar army after an obstinate 
combat, in which the Crim Tartars suffered severely." 

What a Prince ! thought Angelica : so brave  so 
calm-looking  so young  ^what a hero ! 

^^ He is as accomplished as he is brave/' continued 
the Court Painter. "He knows all languages perfectly, 
sings deliciously, plays every instrument, composes operas 
which have been acted a thousand nights running at the 
Imperial Theatre of Crim Tartary, and danced in a ballet 
there before the King and Queen, in which he looked so 
beautiful, that his cousin, the lovely daughter of the 
King of Circassia, died for love of him. 

" Why did he not marry the poor Princess ? " asked 
Angelica, with a sigh. 

" Because they were first cousins, madam, and the 
clergy forbid these unions," said the Painter. " And 
besides, the young Prince had given his royal heart eise^ 
where.** 

" And to whom ? " asked her Royal Highness. 

" I am not at liberty to mention the Princess's name," 
answered the Painter. 

" But you may tell me the first letter of it," gasped 
out the Princess. 

475 



Fairy Tales 

" That your Royal Highness is at liberty to guess/' 
says Lorenzo. 

'* Does it begin with a Z ? " asked Angelica. 




The Punter said it wasn't a Z ; then she tried a Y ; 
then an X ; then a W, and went so backward through 
almost the whole alphabet. 

476 



The Rose and the Ring 

When she came to D, and it wasn't D, she grew very 
much excited ; when she came to C, and it wasn't Q she 
was still more nervous; when she came to B^ and it 
VMsn*i 5, " O dearest GrufianufF," she said, " lend me 
your smelling-bottle ! " and, hiding her head in the 
Countess's shoulder, she faintly whispered : ^^ Ah, Signor, 
can it be A?" 

^^ It was A ; and though I may not, by my Royal 
Master's orders, tell your Royal Highness the Princess's 
name, whom he fondly, madly, devotedly, rapturously 
loves, I may show you her portrait," says this sly boots ; 
and leading the Princess up to a gilt frame he drew a 
curtain which was before it. 

O goodness, the frame contained a looking-glass I 
and Angelica saw her own face ! 



CHAPTER VII 

HOW GIGLIO AND ANGELICA HAD A QUARREL 

The Court Painter of his Majesty the King of Crim 
Tartary returned to that monarch's dominions, carrying 
away a number of sketches which he had made in the 
Paflagonian capital (you know, of course, my dears, that 
the name of the capital is Blombodinga); but the most 
charming of all his pieces was a portrait of the Princess 
Angelica, which all the Crim Tartar nobles came to see. 
With this work the King was so delighted, that he deco- 
rated the Painter with his Order of the Pumpkin (sixth 

477 



Fairy Tales 

class), and the artist became Sir Tomaso Lorenzo, K. P., 
thenceforth. 

King Valoroso also sent Sir Tomaso his Order of the 
Cucumber, besides a handsome order for money, for he 
painted the King, Queen, and principal nobility while at 
Blombodinga, and became all the fashion, to the perfect 
rage of all the artists in Paflagonia, where the King used 
to point to the portrait of Prince Bulbo, which Sir To- 
maso had left behind him, and say : ^^ Which among you 
can paint a picture like that ? " 

It hung in the royal parlor over the royal sideboard, 
and Princess Angelica could always look at it as she sat 
making the tea. Each day it seemed to grow hand* 
somer and handsomer, and the Princess grew so fond of 
looking at it, that she would often spill the tea over the 
cloth, at which her father and mother would wink and 
wag their heads, and say to each other : '^ Aha ! we see 
how things are going." 

In the meanwhile poor Giglio lay upstairs very sick 
in his chamber, though he took all the doctor's horrible 
medicines like a good young lad ; as I hope you do, my 
dears, when you are ill and mamma sends for the medi- 
cal man. And the only person who visited Giglio (be- 
sides his friend, the captain of the guard, who was almost 
always busy or on parade) was little Betsinda, the house- 
maid, who used to do his bedroom and sitting-room out, 
bring him his gruel, and warm his bed. 

When the little housemaid came to him in the morn- 
ing and evening. Prince Giglio used to say : 

478 



The Rose and the Ring 

 

" Betsinda ! Betsinda ! how is the Princess Angelica ? " 

And Betsinda used to answer : " The Princess is very 
well, thank you, my Lord." And Giglio would heave a 
sigh, and think : If Angelica were sick I am sure / should 
not be very well." 

Then Giglio would say: ^^ Betsinda, has the Princess 
Angelica asked for me to-day ? " And Betsinda would 
answer: " No, my Lord, not to-day "; or, " She was very 
busy practicing the piano when I saw her " ; or, " She 
was writing invitations for an evening party, and did 
not speak to me " ; or make some excuse or other not 
strictly consonant with truth ; for Betsinda was such a 
good-natured creature, that she strove to do everything 
to prevent annoyance to Prince Giglio, and even brought 
him up roast chicken and jellies from the kitchen (when 
the doctor allowed them, and Giglio was getting better), 
saying "that the Princess had made the jelly, or the 
bread sauce, with her own hands, on purpose for 
Giglio." 

When Giglio heard of this he took heart and began 
to mend immediately ; and gobbled up all the jelly, and 
picked the last bone of the chicken  drumsticks, merry- 
thought, sides'-bones, back, pope's-nose, and all  thank- 
ing his dear Angelica; and he felt so much better the 
next day that he dressed and went downstairs, where, 
whom should he meet but Angelica going into the draw- 
ing-room. All the covers were ofF the chairs, the chan- 
deliers taken out of the bags, the damask curtains 
uncovered, the work and things carried away, and the 

479 



Fairy Tales 

handsomest albums on the tables. Angelica had her 
hair in papers : in a word, it was evident there was going 
to be a party. 

^' Heavens, Giglio/' cried Angelica ; ^^you here in 
such a dress ! What a figure you are ! '' 

*^ Yes, dear Angelica, I am come downstairs, and feel 
so well to*day, thanks to the fowl and the jelly. ^^ 

^^ What do I know about fowls and jellies, that you 
allude to them in that rude way ? " says Angelica. 

" Why, didn't  didn't you send them, Angelica 
dear ? " says Giglio. 

" I send them indeed ! Angelica, dear ! No, Giglio, 
dear," says she, mocking him, '^/was engaged in getting 
the rooms ready for his Royal Highness the Prince of 
Crim Tartary, who is coming to pay my papa's Court a 
visit. 

" The  Prince  of  Crim  Tartary ! " Giglio said, 
aghast. 

" Yes, the Prince of Crim Tartary," says Angelica, 
mocking him. '^ I dare say you never heard of such a 
country. What did you ever hear of? You don't know 
whether Crim Tartary is on the Red Sea or on the Black 
Sea, I dare say." 

'^ Yes, I do ; it's on the Red Sea," says Giglio ; at 

which the Princess burst out laughing at him, and said : 

" Oh, you ninny ! You are so ignorant, you are really 

not fit for society ! You know nothing but about horses 

and dogs; and are only fit to dine with my Royal 

Father's heaviest dragoons. Don't look so surprised at 

480 






The Rose and the Ring 

me, sir ; go and put your best clothes on to receive the 
Prince, and let me get the drawing-room ready/* 

Giglio said : ^* O Angelica, Angelica, I didn't think 
this of you. This wasn't your language to me when you 
gave me this ring, and I gave you mine in the garden, 
and you gave me that k  " 

But what k was we never shall know, for Angelica, 
in a rage, cried : ^^ Get out, you saucy, rude creature ! 
How dare you remind me of your rudeness ? As for 
your little trumpery twopenny ring, there, sir, there ! " 
And she flung it out of the window. 

It was my mother's marriage ring," cried Giglio. 
/ don't care whose marriage ring it was," cries An- 
gelica. " Marry the person who picks it up if she's a 
woman, you shan't marry me. And give me back my 
ring. I've no patience with people who boast about the 
things they give away ! / know who'll give me much 
finer things than you ever gave me. A beggarly ring 
indeed, not worth five shillings ! " 

Now Angelica little knew that the ring which Giglio 
had given her was a fairy ring : if a man wore it, it made 
all the women in love with him ; if a woman, all the 
gentlemen. The Queen, Giglio's mother, quite an ordi- 
nary-looking person, was admired immensely while she 
wore this ring, and her husband was frantic when she was 
ill. But when she called her little Giglio to her, and put 
the ring on his finger. King Savio did not seem to care 
for his wife so much any more, but transferred all his love 
to little Giglio. So did everybody love him as long as 

481 



Fairy Tales 



cc 

i 
I 



he had the ring, but when, as quite a child, he gave k 
to Angelica, people began to love and admire ber ; and 
Gtglio, as the saying is, played only second fiddle. 

Yes," says Angelica, going on in her foolish, un- 
grateful way, ^^ / know who'll give me much finer things 
than your beggarly little pearl nonsense." 

*' Very good, miss ! You may take back your ring, 
too ! " says Giglio, his eyes flashing fire at her, and then^ 
as if his eyes had been suddenly opened, he cried out : 
'^ Ha, what does this mean ? Is ihis the woman I have 
been in love with all my life ? Have I been such a ninny 
as to throw away my regard upon yeu? Why  actu- 
ally  yes  you are a little crooked ! " 

" Oh, you wretch ! " cries Angelica. 

"And, upon my conscience, you you squint a 
Uttle." 

" E ! " cries Angelica. 

"And your hair is red  ^and you are marked with 
small-pox  and what ? you have three false teeth  and 
one leg shorter than the other ! " 

" You brute, you brute, you ! " Angelica screamed 
out ; and as she seized the ring with one hand, she dealt 
Giglio, one, two, three, smacks on the face, and would 
have pulled the hair off his head had he not started 
laughing, and crying : 

" O dear me, Angelica, don't pull out my hair, it 
hurts ! You might remove a great deal of your own, as 
I perceive, without scissors or pulling at all. O, ho, ho ! 
ha, ha, ha ! he, he, he ! " 

482 



The Rose and the Ring 

And he nearly choked himself with laughing, and she 
with rage, when, with a low bow, and dressed in his Court 
habit. Count Gambabella, the first lord-in-waiting, en- 
tered and said : ^^ Royal Highnesses ! Their Majesties 
expect you in the Pink Throne-room, where they await 
the arrival of the Prince of Crim Tartar y/' 



CHAPTER VIII 

HOW GRUFFANUFP PICKED THE FAIRY RING UP, AKD 

PRINCE BULBO CAME TO COURT 

Prince Bulbo's arrival had set all the Court in a 
flutter : everybody was ordered to put his or her best 
clothes on : the footmen had their gala-liveries ; the Lord 
Chancellor his new wig ; the Guards their last new tunics ; 
and Countess GruflfanufF you may be sure was glad of 
an opportunity of decorating her old person with her 
finest things. She was walking through the court of the 
Palace on her way to wait upon their Majesties, when she 
spied something glittering on the pavement, and bade 
the boy in buttons who was holding up her trdn, to go 
and pick up the article shining yonder. He was an ugly 
little wretch, in some of the late groom-porter*s old 
clothes cut down, and much too tight for him; and 
yet, when he had taken up the ring (as it turned out 
to be), and was carrying it to his mistress, she thought 
he looked like a little cupid. He gave the ring to 
her ; it was a trumpery little thing enough, but too small 

483 



Fairy Talcs 

for any of her old knuckles, so she put tt into her 
pocket. 

" O mum ! " says the boy, looking at her, " how, hovr 
beyoutiful you do look, mum, to-day, mum 1 " 




"And you, too, Jacky," she was going to say; bat 
 no, he was no longer good-looking at all  but only the 
carroty-haired little Jacky of the morning. However, 
praise is welcome from the ugliest of men or boys, and 
Grufianuff, bidding the boy hold up her train, walked on 
484 



The Rose and the Ring 

io high good-humor. The Guards saluted her with pe- 
culiar respect. Captain HedzoiT, in the anteroom, said : 
** My dear mtdam, you look like an angel to-day." 
And so, bowing and smirking, Grufisnuff went in and 
took her place behind her Royal Master and Mistress, 



Mm 


1 '*'tt ^1 


^ 


ni 


1 ^^M^ 


m^ 


wt ^-A^L, .^^^, 


'jffi 


^|,^K'^^E 


mI 


l^^^^g 


** 


 ^ ~^_,s-._s=- 



who were in the throne-room awMting the Prince of 
Crim Tartary. Princess Angelica sat at their feet, and 
behind the King's chair stood Prince Giglio, looking very 



The Prince of Crim Tartary made his appearance, 
attended by Baron Sleibootz, his chamberlain, and fol- 
485 



Fairy Tales 

lowed by a black page, carrying the most beautiful crown 
you ever saw ! He was dressed in his travelling costume, 
and his hair, as you see, was a little in disorder. ^' I 
have ridden three hundred miles since breakfast," said 
he, ^' so eager was I to behold the Prin  ^the Court and 
august family of Paflagonia, and I could not wait one 
minute before appearing in your Majesties' presences." 

Giglio, from behind the throne, burst out into a roar 
of contemptuous laughter ; but all the Royal party, in 
fact, were so flurried, that they did not hear this little 
outbreak. "Your R. H. is welcome in any dress,*' says 
the King, " Glumboso, a chair for his Royal Highness." 

" Any dress his Royal Highness wears, is a Court 
dress," says Princess Angelica, smiling graciously. 

" Ah ! but you should see my other clothes," said the 
Prince. " I should have had them on, but that stupid 
carrier has not brought them. Who's that laughing ? " 

It was Giglio laughing. " I was laughing," he said, 
"because you said just now that you were in such a 
hurry to see the Princess, that you could not wait to 
change your dress ; and now you say you come in those 
clothes because you have no others." 

And who are you ? " says Prince Bulbo, fiercely. 
My father was King of this country, and I am his 
only son. Prince ! " replied Giglio, with equal haughtiness. 

" Ha ! " said the King and Glumboso, looking very 
flurried ; but the former, collecting himself, said : " Dear 
Prince Bulbo, I forgot to introduce to your Royal High- 
ness my dear nephew, his Royal Highness Prince Gig- 

486 



(ft 

C( 



The Rose and the Ring 

lio ! Know each other ! Embrace each other ! Giglio, 
give his Royal Highness your hand ! " and Giglio, giving 
his hand, squeezed poor Bulbo's until the tears ran out 
of his eyes. Glumboso now brought a chair for the 
royal visitor, and placed it on the platform on which the 
King, Queen, and Prince were seated ; but the chair was 
on the edge of the platform, and as Bulbo sat down, it 
toppled over, and he with it, rolling over and over, and 
bellowing like a bull. Giglio roared still louder at this 
disaster, but it was with laughter : so did all the Court 
when Prince Bulbo got up, for though when he entered 
the room he appeared not very ridiculous, as he stood up 
from his fall for a moment, he looked so exceedingly 
plain and foolish, that nobody could help laughing at 
him. When he had entered the room, he was observed 
to carry a rose in his hand, which fell out as he tumbled. 

" My rose ! my rose ! " cried Bulbo, and his chamber- 
lain dashed forward and picked it up, and gave it to 
the Prince, who put it in his waistcoat. Then people 
wondered why they had laughed, there was nothing par- 
ticularly ridiculous in him. He was rather short, rather 
stout, rather red-haired, but for a prince not so bad. 

So they sat and talked, the royal personages together, 
the Crim Tartar officers with those of Paflagonia  Gig- 
lio very comfortable with GruffanufF behind the throne. 
He looked at her with such tender eyes, that her heart 
was all in a flutter. " Oh, dear Prince," she said, " how 
could you speak so haughtily in presence of their Majes- 
ties? I protest I thought I should have fainted." 

487 



Fairy Tales 

'^ I should have caught you in my arms," said Giglio, 
looking raptures. 

" Why were you so cruel to Prince Bulbo, dear 
Prince ? " says GrufF. 

" Because I hate him," says Gil. 

'* You are jealous of him, and still love poor Angel- 
ica," cries GrufianufF, putting her handkerchief to her 
eyes. 

" I did, but I love her no more ! " Giglio cried. " I 
despise her ! Were she heiress to twenty thousand 
thrones, I would despise her and scorn her. But why 
speak of thrones ? I have lost mine. I am too weak to 
recover it  I am alone, and have no friend." 

Oh, say not so, dear Prince," says Gruffenuff. 
Besides," says he, " I am so happy here behind the 
throne that I would not change my place, no, not for the 
throne of the world." 

" What are you two people chattering about there ? " 
says the Queen, who was rather good-natured, though 
not overburdened with wisdom. " It is time to dress for 
dinner. Giglio, show Prince Bulbo to his room. Prince, 
if your clothes have not come, we shall be very happy 
to see you as you are." But when Prince Bulbo got to 
his bedroom, his luggage was there and unpacked ; and 
the hairdresser coming in, cut and curled him entirely to 
his own satisfaction ; and when the dinner-bell rang, the 
royal company had not to wait above five-and-twenty 
minutes until Bulbo appeared, during which time the 
King, who could not bear to wait, grew as sulky as pos- 

488 



(C 

cc 



The Rose and the Ring 

nbl. As for Giglio, he never left Madun Grufl&nufF 
all this time, but stood with her in the embrasure of a 
window paying her compliments. At length the Groom 
of the Chambers announced his Royal Highness the 

Prince of Crim Tartary ! and the noble company went 
into the roval dining-room. It was quite a small party : 




only the King and Queen, the Princess, whom Bulbo 
took out, the two Princes, Countess GrufianufF, Glum- 
boso the Prime Minister, and Prince Bulbo's chamberlain. 
You may be sure they had a very good dinner  let every 
boy and girl think of what he or she likes best and fancy 
it on the table.' 



 Here a very pretty game may be played by al 
they like best for dinner. 

489 



the children sajrlng; what 



Fairy Tales 

The Princess talked incessantly all dinner-time to the 
Prince of Crimea, who ate an immense deal too much, 
and never took his eyes off his plate, except when Giglio, 
who was carving a goose, sent a quantity of stuffing and 




onion sauce into one of them. Gigtio only burst out a- 
laughing as the Crimean Prince wiped his shirt front and 
face with his scented pocket-handkerchief. He did not 
make Prince Bulbo any apology. When the Prince 
490 



The Rose and the Ring 

looked at him, Giglio would not look that way. When 
Prince Bulbo said : " Prince Giglio, may I have the honor 
of taking a glass of wine with you ? " Giglio wouldnU 
answer. All his talk and his eyes were for Countess 
GruffanufF, who you may be sure was pleased with Giglio's 
attentions, the vain old creature! When he was not 
complimenting her, he was making fun of Prince Bulbo, 
so loud that GruffanufFwas always tapping him with her 
fan, and saying: "O you satirical Prince! O fie, the 
Prince will hear ! " . " Well, I don't mind," says Giglio, 
louder still. 

The King and Queen luckily did not hear ; for her 
Majesty was a little deaf, and the King thought so 
much about his own dinner, and, besides, made such a 
dreadful noise, hobgobbling in eating it, that he heard 
nothing elsei After dinner his Majesty and the Queen 
went to sleep in their armchairs. 

This was the time when Giglio began his tricks with 
Prince Bulbo, plying that young gentleman with port, 
sherry, madeira, champagne, marsala, cherry brandy, and 
pale ale, of all of which Master Bulbo drank without stint. 
But in plying his guest, Giglio was obliged to drink him- 
self, and, I am sorry to say, took more than was good for 
him, so that the young men were very noisy, rude, and 
foolish when they joined the ladies after dinner; and 
dearly did they pay for that imprudence, as now, my 
darlings, you shall hear ! 

Bulbo went and sat by the piano, where Angelica was 
playing and singing, and he sang out of tune, and he 

491 



Fairy Tales 

upset the coffee when the footman brought it and he 
laughed out of place, and talked absurdly, and fell asleep 
and snored horribly. Booh, the nasty pig ! But as he 
lay there stretched on the pink satin so&, Angelica still 
persisted in thinking him the most beautiful of human 
beings. No doubt the magic rose which Bulbo wore 
caused this infatuation on Angelica's part : but is she the 
first young woman who has thought a silly fellow charm- 
ing? 

Giglio must go and sit by GruflanufF, whose old face 
he too every moment began to find more lovely. He 
paid the most outrageous compliments to her: There 
never was such a darling  Older than he was ?  Fiddle- 
de-dee ! He would marry her  he would have nothing 
but her ! 

To marry the heir to the throne ! Here was a chance 1 
The artful hussy actually got a sheet of paper and wrote 
upon it : '^ This is to give nodce that I, Giglio, only 
son of Savio, King of Paflagonia, hereby promise to many 
the charming and virtuous Barbara Griselda, Countess 
GrufiknufF, and widow of the late Jenkins GrufianuflF, 
Esq." 

" What is it you are writing ? you charming Grufly ! " 
says Giglio, who was lolling on the sofa by the wridng- 
table. 

" Only an order for you to sign, dear Prince, for giv- 
ing coals and blankets to the poor this cold weather. 
Look ! the King and Queen are both asleep, and your 
Royal Highness's order will do/' 

492 



The Rose and the Ring 

So Giglio, who was very good-natured as Gruflfy well 
knew^ signed the order immediately ; and when she had 
it in her pocket you may fancy what airs she gave her- 
self. She was ready to flounce out of the room before 
the Queen herself, as now she was the wife of the rightful 
King of Paflagonia ! She would not speak to Glumboso, 
whom she thought a brute for depriving her dear husband 
of the crown ! And when the candles came, and she had 
helped to undress the Queen and Princess, she went into 
her own room, and actually practiced on a sheet of paper, 
"Griselda Paflagonia," "Barbara Regina," "Griselda 
Barbara, Paf. Reg.," and I don't know what signatures 
besides, against the day when she should be Queen, for- 
sooth! 



CHAPTER IX 

flow BETSINDA GOT THE WARMING-PAN 

Little Betsinda came in to put Grufianufi^'s hair in 
paper; and the Countess was so pleased, that, for a 
wonder, she complimented Betsinda. ^^ Betsinda ! " she 
said, " you dressed my hair very nicely to-day ; I prom- 
ised you a little present. Here are five sh  no, here is 
a pretty little ring, that I picked  that I have had some 
time/' And she gave Betsinda the ring she had picked 
up in the court. It fitted Betsinda exactly. 

^' It's like the ring the Princess used to wear," says 
the maid. 

493 



Fairy Tales 

< No such thing," says GrufiknufF, ^' I have had it ever 
so long. There  tuck me up quite comfortable; and 
now, as it's a very cold night (the snow is beating in at 
the window), you may go and warm dear Prince Giglio's 
bed, like a good girl, and then you may unrip my green 
silk, and then you can just do me up a little cap for the 
morning, and then you can mend that hole in my silk 
stocking, and then you can go to bed, Betsinda. Mind, 
I shall want my cup of tea at five o'clock in the mom- 

ing." 

^^ I suppose I had best warm both the young gentle- 
men's beds, ma'am," said Betsinda. 

GrufFanufF, for reply, said, " Hau-au-ho ?  Grau-haw- 
hoo !  Hoong-hrho ! " In fact, she was snoring sound 
asleep. 

Her room, you know, is next to the King and Queen, 
and the Princess is next to them. So pretty Betsinda 
went away for the coals to the kitchen, and filled the 
royal warming-pan. 

Now, she was a very kind, merry, civil, pretty giri ; 
but there must have been something very captivating 
about her this evening, for all the women in the servants' 
hall began to scold and abuse her. The housekeeper 
said she was a pert, stuck-up thing; the upper-house- 
maid asked, how dare she wear such ringlets and ribbons, 
it was quite improper! The cook (for there was a 
woman-cook as well as a man-cook) said to the kitchen 
mdd that she could never see anything in that creetur ; 
but as for the men, every one of them, coachman John, 

494 



The Rose and the Ring 



Buttons the page, and Monsieur the Prince of Crim 
Tartary's valet, started up and said : 
My eyes ! " 

O mussy ! " . ___, . ,  . , . . 

o :^^J^^ I " I What a pretty girl Betsinda is ! : 
U jemman ! t j o 



i 

C( 

a 

" O del ! " 

" Hands off; none of your impertinence, you vulgar, 
low people ! '* says Betsinda, walking off with her pan 
of coals. She heard the young gentlemen playing at 
billiards as she went up stairs: first to Prince Giglio*s 
bed, which she warmed, and then to Prince Bulbo's room. 

He came in just as she had done ; and as soon as he 
saw her, " O 1 O ! O ! O ! O ! O ! what a beyou oo 
ootiful creature you are. You angel  ^you peri  ^you 
rose-bud, let me be thy bulbul  thy Bulbo, too ! Fly 
to the desert, fly with me 1 I never saw a young gazelle 
to glad me with its dark blue eye that had eyes like thine. 
Thou nymph of beauty, take, take this young heart. A 
truer never did itself sustain within a soldier' waistcoat. 
Be mine ! Be mine ! Be Princess of Crim Tartary ! 
My Royal father will approve our union ; and, as for 
that little carroty-haired Angelica, I do not care a fig for 
her any more." 

" Go away, your Royal Highness, and go to bed, 
please,*' said Betsinda, with the warming-pan. 

But Bulbo said : " No, never, till thou swearest to be 
mine, thou lovely, blushing, chambermaid divine ! Here, 
at thy feet, the Royal Bulbo lies, the trembling captive 
of Betsinda's eyes." 

495 



Fairy Tales 

And he went on making himself so absurd and ridicu- 
lous^ that Betsinda, who was fiill of fun, gave him a 
touch with the warming-pan, which, I promise you, made 
him cry " O-o-o-o ! " in a very different manner. 

Prince Bulbo made such a noise that Prince Giglio, 
who heard htm horn the next room, came in to see what 




was the matter. As soon as he saw what was taking 
place, Giglio, in a fury, rushed on Bulbo, kicked him in 
the rudest manner up to the ceiUng, and went on kicking 
him till his hair was quite out of curl. 

Poor Betsinda did not know whether to laugh or cry ; 
the kicking certainly must hurt the Prince, but then he 
looked so droll ! When GigUo had done knocking him 
496 



The Rose and the Ring 

up and down to the ground, and while he went into a 
corner rubbing himself, what do you think Giglio does ? 
He goes down on his knees to Betsinda, takes her hand. 




b^s her to accept his heart, and offers to marry her that 
moment. Fancy Betsinda's condition, who had been in 
love with the Prince ever since she first saw him in the 
Palace garden, when she was quite a little child. 

V *^ Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales  

** Oh, divine Betsinda ! " says the Prince, " how have 
I lived fifteen years in thy company without seeing thy 
perfections ? What woman in ail Europe, Asia, Africa, 
and America, nay, in Australia, only it is not yet discov- 
ered, can presume to be thy equal ? Angelica ? Pish ! 
GrufianufF? Phoo! The Queen? Ha, ha! Thou 
art my Queen. Thou art the real Angelica because thou 
art really angelic." 

^^ Oh, Prince ! I am but a poor chambermaid," says 
Betsinda, looking, however, very much pleased. 

^^ Didst thou not tend me in my sickness, when all 
forsook me ? " continues Giglio. " Did not thy gentle 
hand smooth my pillow, and bring me jelly and roast 
chicken ? " 

" Yes, dear Prince, I did," says Betsinda, " and I 
sewed your Royal Highness's shirt-buttons on too, if 
you please, your Royal Highness," cries this artless 
maiden. 

When poor Bulbo, who was now madly in love with 
Betsinda, heard this declaration, when he saw the unmis- 
takable glances which she flung upon Giglio, Bulbo began 
to cry bitterly, and tore quantities of hair out of his head, 
till it all covered the room like so much tow. 

Betsinda had left the warming-pan on the floor while 
the Princes were going on with their conversation, and as 
they began now to quarrel and be very fierce with one 
another, she thought proper to run away. 

'^ You great big blubbering booby, tearing your hair 
in the corner there ; of course you will give me sadsfac- 

498 



The Rose and the Ring 

don for insuldi^ Betsinda. Teu dare to kneel down at 
Princess Giglio's knees and kiss her hand ! " 

" She's not Princess Giglio ! " roars out Bulbo. 
** She shall be Princess Bulbo, and no other shall be 
Princess Bulbo." 

" You are engaged to my cousin ! " bellows Giglio. 

*' I hate your cousin," says Bulbo. 




" You shall give me satisfacdon for insulting her I " 
cries Giglio in a fury. 
"I'll have your life." 
" I'll run you through." 
" I'll cut your throat." 
" \'i\ blow your brains out." 
" I'll knock your head off." 
" I'll send a friend to you in flie morning." 
" I'll send a bullet into you in the afternoon." 
" We'll meet again," says Giglio, shaking his fist 
499 



Fairy Tales 



in Bulbo's face; and seizing up the warming-pan, he 
kissed it because, forsooth, Betsinda had carried it, 
and rushed downstairs. What should he see on the 
landing but his Majesty talking to Betsinda, whom he 
called by all sorts of fond names. His Majesty had 
heard a row in the building, so he stated, and smell- 
ing something burning had come out to see what the 
matter was. 

" It's the young gentlemen smoking, perhaps, sir," 
says Betsinda. 

^^ Charming chambermaid," says the King (like all 
the rest of them), " never mind the young men ! Turn 
thy eyes on a middle-aged autocrat, who has been con- 
sidered not ill-looking in his time." 

" Oh, sir ! what, what will her Majesty say ? " cries 
Betsinda. 

" Her Majesty ! " laughs the monarch. " Her 
Majesty be hanged. Am I not Autocrat of Pafla- 
gonia ? Have I not blocks, ropes, axes, hangmen  
ha ? Runs not a river by my palace wall ? Have I 
not sacks to sew up wives withal? Say but the word, 
that thou wilt be mine own  ^your mistress straightway 
in a sack is sewn, and thou the sharer of my heart and 
throne." 

When Giglio heard these atrocious sentiments, he 
forgot the respect usually paid to Royalty, lifted up the 
warming-pan and knocked down the King as flat as a 
pancake ; after which. Master Giglio took to his heels 
and ran away, and Betsinda went off screaming, and the 

500 



The Rose and the Ring 

^een, the Princess, and GrcfEiDufF all cune oat of their 
rooms. Fancy their feelings on beholding their husband, 
ftcfaer, sovereign, in this posture ! 




CHAPTER X 

HOW KINO VALOROSO WAS IN A DREADFUL PASSION 

As SOON as the coals began to burn him, the King 
came to himself and stood up. " Ho ! my captain of 
the guards ! " hia Majesty exclaimed, stamping hia royal 
feet with rage. O piteous spectacle ! the King's nose 
was bent quite crooked by the blow of Prince Giglio. 
His Majesty ground his teeth with rage. " Hedzoff," 
he said, taking a death warrant out of his dressing-gown 
pocket, "Hedzoff, good HedzofF, seize upon the Prince. 
Thou'It find him in his chamber two pair up. But now 
he dared, with sacril^ous hand, to strike the sacred 
night-cap of a king  Hedzoff, and floor me with a 
warming-pan ! Away, no more demur, the villain dies ! 
See it be done, or else  h'm ! ha !  h'm 1 mind thine 
own eyes ! " and fallowed by the ladies, and lifting up 
the tails of his dressing gown, the King entered his own 
apartment. 

501 



Fairy Tales 

Captain HedzoJF was very much affected, having z 
sincere love for Giglio. " Poor, poor Glglio ! " he said, 
the tears rolling over his manly face, and dripping down 
his mustaches ; " my noble young prince, is it my 
hand must lead thee to death ? " 




" Lead him to fiddlestick, Hedzoff," said a female 
voice. It was Grufi^nuff, who had come out in her 
dressing-gown when she heard the noise. " The King 
said you were to hang the Prince. Well, hang the 
Prince." 

" I don't understand you," said Hedzoff", who was 
not a very clever man. 

"You Gaby! He didn't say which Prince," says 
Gruffanuff". 

502 



The Rose and the Ring 

" No ; he didn't say which, certainly," said HedzofF. 

" Well, then, take Bulbo, and hang him ! " 

When Captain HedzofF heard this he began to dance 
about for joy. " Obedience is a soldier's honor," says 
he. ^^ Prince Bulbo's head will do capitally," and he 
went to arrest the Prince the very first thing next 
morning. 

He knocked at the door. "Who's there?" says 
Bulbo. "Captain HedzofF? Step in, pray, my good 
Captain. I am delighted to see you. I have been 
expecting you." 

" Have you ? " said Hedzoff. 

"Sleibootz, my Chamberlain, will act for me," says 
the Prince. 

" I beg your Royal Highness's pardon, but you will 
have to act for yourself, and it's a pity to wake Baron 
Sleibootz." 

The Prince Bulbo still seemed to take the matter verv 
coolly. " Of course. Captain," says he, " you are come 
about that afiair with Prince Giglio." 

" Precisely," says HedzofF, " that affair of Prince 
Giglio." 

Is it to be pistols or swords. Captain ? " asks Bulbo. 
I'm a pretty good hand with both, and I'll do for 
Prince Giglio as sure as my name is my Royal Highness 
Prince Bulbo." 

" There's some mistake, my Lord," says the Captain. 
*^The business is done with axes among us." 

"Axes? That's sharp work," says Bulbo. "Call 

503 



cc ~ 



Fairy Talcs 

my Chamberlun ; he'll be my second, and in ten min- 
utes I flatter myself you'll see Master Giglio's head off 
his impertinent shoulders. I'm hungry for his blood I 
Hoo-oo, aw ! " and he looked as savage as an <^re. 




" 1 beg your pardon, sir, but by this warrant I am 
to take you prisoner, and hand you over to  to the 
execudoner." 

" Pooh, pooh, my good man !  Stop, I say  ho 1 
hulloa! " was all that this luckless [uincc was enabled to 
504 



The Rose and the Ring 

say, for HedzofF's Guards seizing him, tied a handker* 
chief over his mouth and face, and carried him to the 
place of execution. 

The King, who happened to be talking to Glum- 
boso, saw him pass, and took a pinch of snuff, and said : 
'* So much for Giglio. Now let's go to breakfast." 

The Captain of the Guard handed over his prisoner 
to the Sheriff^ with the fatal order : 

"At sight cut off the bearer's head. 

"Valoroso XXIV." 

" It's a mistake," said Bulbo, who did not seem to 
understand the business in the least. 

" Poo poo pooh," says the Sheriff. " Fetch Jack 
Ketch instantly. Jack Ketch ! " 

And poor Bulbo was led to the scaffold, where an 
executioner with a block and a tremendous axe was 
always ready in case he should be wanted. 

But we must now revert to Giglio and Betsinda. 



CHAPTER XI 

WHAT ORUFPANUFF DID TO GIGLIO AND BETSINDA 

Gruffanuff, who had seen what had happened with 
the King, and knew that Giglio must come to grief, got 
up very early the next morning, and went to devise 
some plans for rescuing her darling husband, as the 
silly old thing insisted on calling him. She found him 

505 



Fairy Tales 

walking up and down the garden^ thinking of a rhyme 
for Betsinda {tinder and winda were all he could find), 
and indeed having forgotten all about the past evening, 
except that Betsinda was the most lovely of beings. 

" Well, dear Giglio," says Gruff. 

" Well, dear GruiFy," says Giglio, only he was quite 
satirical. 

^^ I have been thinking, darling, what you must do in 
this scrape. You must fly the country for a while." 

" What scrape ?  fly the country ? Never without 
her I love, Countess," says Giglio. 

" No, she will accompany you, dear Prince," she 
says, in her most coaxing accents. '^ First we must get 
the jewels belonging to our royal parents, and those of 
her and his present Majesty. Here is the key, duck ; 
they are all yours you know by right, for you are the 
rightful King of Paflagonia, and your wife will be the 
rightful Queen." 

Will she ? " says Giglio. 

Yes ; and having got the jewels, go to Glumboso*s 
apartment, where, under his bed, you will find sacks con- 
taining money to the amount of ^2i7,ocx),ocx),987,439 
1 3 J. Syid.y all belonging to you, for he took it out of 
your royal father's room on the day of his death. With 
this we will fly." 

fVe will fly ? " says Giglio, 

Yes, you and your bride  your aflianced love  
your GrufFy ! " says the Countess, with a languishing 
leer. 

So6 



cc 



u 
u 



The Rose and the Ring 

** Tou, my bride ! " says Giglio, " you, you hideous 
old woman ! " 

" O you, you wretch ! didn't you give mc this paper 
promising marrii^e ? " cries Gruff. 

*'Get away> you old goose! I love Betsinda, and 




Betsinda only ! " And in a fit of terror he ran from her 
as quickly as he could. 

" He ! he ! he ! " shrieks out Gruff, " a promise is a 
promise, if there are laws in Paflagonia ! And as hr 
that monster, that wretch, that fiend, that ugly little 
vixen  as for that upstart, that ingrate, that beast, Bet- 
sinda, Master Giglio will have no little difficulty in dis- 
covering her whereabouts. He may look very long 
507 



Fairy Tales 

before finding her^ I warrant. He little knows that 
Miss Betsinda is  " 

Is  what? Now, you shall hear. Poor Betsinda 
got up at five in winter's morning to bring her cruel mis- 
tress her tea; and instead of finding her in a good 
humor, found GruflFy as cross as two sticks. The Count- 
ess boxed Betsinda's ears half a dozen times whilst she 
was dressing; but as poor little Betsinda was used to 
this kind of treatment, she did not feel any special alarm. 
" And now," says she, " when her Majesty rings her bell 
twice, rU trouble you, miss, to attend." 

So when the Queen's bell rang twice, Betsinda came 
to her Majesty and made a pretty little curtsey. The 
Queen, the Princess, and GrufBmufF were all three in the 
room. As soon as they saw her they began. 

You wretch ! " says the Queen. 

You little vulgar thing ! " says the Princess. 

You beast ! " says GrufllanufF. 

Get out of my sight ! " says the Queen. 

Go away with you, do ! " says the Princess. 

Quit the premises ! " says GrufllanufF. 
Alas ! and woe is me 1 very lamentable events had 
occurred to Betsinda that morning, and all in conse- 
quence of that fatal warming-pan business of the pre- 
vious night. The King had offered to marry her; of 
course her Majesty the Queen was jealous : Bulbo had 
fallen in love with her ; of course Angelica was furious : 
Giglio was in love with her, and O what a fury Grufily 

was in! 

568 



a 
cc 
cc 

( 
it 
 



The Rose and the Ring 



(cap 
MP 



"Talc, off that ^ petticoat [' S^" y"-" '''=)' ^''' 
( gown j' ' "' 
and began tearing the clothes off poor Betsinda. 




"a^J^f!" {princ'^'Bulbo 



.! ]a 
ulbo!" V 
iiglio?" J 



cried the Queen, 
the Princess, 
and Countess. 
" Give her the rags she wore when she came into the 
house, and turn her out of it ! " cries the Queen. 
509 



Fairy Tales 

" Mind she does not go with my shoes on, which I 
lent her so kindly ," says the Princess ; and indeed the 
Princess's shoes were a great deal too big for Betsinda. 

" Come with me, you filthy hussy ! " and taking up 
the Queen's poker, the cruel GruffanufF drove Betsinda 
into her room. 

The Countess went to the glass box in which she had 
kept Betsinda's old cloak and shoe this ever so long^ 
and said : " Take those rags, you little beggar creature, 
and strip off everything belonging to honest people, and 
go about your business "; and she actually tore off the 
poor little delicate thing's back almost all her things, 
and told her to be off out of the house. 

Poor Betsinda huddled the cloak round her back, 
on which were embroidered the letters prin . .  rosal 
 . . and then came a great rent. 

As for the shoe, what was she to do with one poor 
little tootsey sandal? the string was still to it, so she 
hung it round her neck. 

" Won't you give me a pair of shoes to go out in the 
snow, mum, if you please, mum ! *' cried the poor child. 

"No, you wicked beast!" says Grufianuff, driving 
her along with the poker driving her down the cold 
stairs  driving her through the cold hall  flinging her 
out into the cold street, so that the knocker itself shed 
tears to see her ! 

But a kind fairy made the soft snow warm for her 
little feet, and she wrapped herself up in the ermine of 
her mantle and was gone. 

510 



The Rose and the Ring 

'^And now let us think about breakfast," says the 
greedy Queen. 

" What dress shall I put on, mamma ? the pink or 
the pea-green," says Angelica. " Which do you think 
the dear Prince will like best?" 

" Mrs. v.! " sings out the King from his dressing- 
room, '^ let us have sausages for breakfast 1 Remember 
we have Prince Bulbo staying with us ! " 

And they all went to get ready. 

Nine o'clock came, and they were all in the break- 
fast-room, and no Prince Bulbo as yet. The urn was 
hissing and humming; the muffins were smoking  such 
a heap of muffins ! the eggs were done, there was a pot 
of raspberry jam, and coffee, and a beautiful chicken and 
tongue on the side table. Marmitonio the cook brought 
in the sausages. O how nice they smelled ! 

" Where is Bulbo ? " said the King. " John, where 
is his Royal Highness? " 

John said he had a took hup his Roilighnessesses 
shaving-water, and his clothes and things, and he wasn't 
in his room, which he sposed his Royaliness was just 
stepped hout. 

" Stepped out before breakfast in the snow ! Im- 
possible ! " says the King, sticking his fork into a sau- 
sage. " My dear, take one. Angelica, won't you have 
a saveloy ? " The Princess took one, being very fond of 
them ; and at this moment Glumboso entered with Cap- 
tain HedzofF, both looking very much disturbed. " I 
am afraid your Majesty  " cries Glumboso. " No 

511 



Fairy Tales 

business before breakfast, Glum ! " says the King. 
'* Breakfast first, business next. Mrs. V., some more 
sugar ! " 

" Sire, I'm afraid if we wait till after breakfast it will 
be too late," says Glumboso. " He  he  he'll be 
hanged at half-past nine." 

'^ Don't talk about hanging and spoil my breakfast, 
you unkind, vulgar man you ! " cries the Princess. 
" John, some mustard. Pray, who is to be hanged ? " 

" Sire, it is the Prince," whispers Glumboso to the 
King. 

" Talk about business after breakfast, I tell you ! " 
says his Majesty, quite sulky. 

" We shall have a war. Sire, depend on it," says the 
Minister. " His father. King Padella  " 

" His father King wbo f " says the King. " King 
Padella is not Giglio's father. My brother. King 
Savio, was Giglio's father." 

" It's Prince Bulbo they are hanging. Sire, not Prince 
Giglio," says the Prime Minister. 

" You told me to hang the Prince, and I took the 
ugly one," says HedzofF. " 1 didn't, of course, think 
your Majesty intended to murder your own flesh and 
blood ! " 

The King for all reply flung the plate of sausages at 
HedzofF 's head. The Princess cried out Hee-karee- 
karee ! and fell down in a fainting fit. 

" Turn the cock of the urn upon her Royal High- 
ness," said the King, and the boiling water gradually 

512 



The Rose and the Ring 

revived her. His Majesty looked at his watch, com- 
pared it by the clock in the parlor, and by that of the 
church in the square opposite ; then he wound it up ; 
then he looked at it again. " The great question is/' 
says he, ^^ am I fast or am I slow ? If I'm slow, we may 
as well go on with breakfast If I'm fast, why there is 
just the possibility of saving Prince Bulbo. It's a doosid 
awkward mistake, and upon my word, HedzofF, I have 
the greatest mind to have you hanged too." 

'' Sire, I did but my duty ; a soldier has but his or* 
ders. I didn't expect after forty-seven years of faithful 
service that my sovereign would think of putting me to 
a felon's death ! " 

'' A hundred thousand plagues upon you ! Can't 
you see that while you are talking my Bulbo is being 
hung ! " screamed the Princess. 

'^ By Jove ! she's always right, that girl, and I'm so 
absent," says the King, looking at his watch again, 
'^ Ha ! there go the drums ! What a doosid awkward 
thing though ! " 

" O papa, you goose ! Write the reprieve, and let 
me run with it," cries the Princess  and she got a sheet 
of paper, and pen and ink, and laid them before the 
King. 

"Confound it! Where are my spectacles!" the 
monarch exclaimed. " Angelica ! Go up into my bed* 
room, look under my pillow, not your mamma's ; there 
you'll see my keys. Bring them down to me, and 
Well, well ! what impetuous things these girls are I " 

$13 



Fairy Tales 

Angelica was gone and had run up panting to the bed- 
room, and found the keys, and was back again before 
the King had finished a muffin. " Now, love," says he, 
'^ you must go all the way back for my desk, in which 
my spectacles are. If you would but have heard me 
out ... Be hanged to her ! There she is ofif again ! 
Angelica ! ^ngelica ! " When his Majesty called in 
his loud voice, she knew she must obey, and came back. 

"My dear, when you go out of a room how often 
have I told you, shut the door. That's a darling. That's 
all." At last the keys and the desk and the spectacles 
were got, and the King mended his pen, and signed his 
name to a reprieve, and Angelica ran with it as swift as 
the wind. " You'd better stay, my love, and finish the 
muffins. There's no use going. Be sure it's too late. 
Hand me over that raspberry jam, please," said the mon- 
arch. " Bong ! Bawong 1 There goes the half hour. 
I knew it was." 

Angelica ran, and ran, and ran, and ran. She ran up 
Fore Street, and down High Street, and through the 
Market-place, and down to the left, and over the bridge, 
and up the blind alley, and back again, and round by 
the Castle, and so along by the Haberdasher's on the 
right, opposite the lamp-post, and round the square, and 
she came  ^she came to the Execution place^ where she saw 
Bulbo laying his head on the block ! ! ! The executioner 
raised his axe, but at that moment the Princess came 
panting up and cried Reprieve. " Reprieve ! " screamed 
the Princess. " Reprieve ! " shouted all the people. Up 

514 



The Rose and the Ring 

the scaffold stairs she sprang, with the agility of a lighter 
of lamps ; and flinging herself in Bulbo's arms, regard- 




less of all ceremony, she cried out : " O my Prince ! my 

lord ! my love I my Bulbo 1 Thine Angelica has been 

SIS 



Fairy Tales 

in dme to save thy precious existence, sweet rosebud ; to 
prevent thy being nipped in thy young bJoom ! Had 
aught befallen thee, Angelica too had died, and welcomed 
death that joined her to her Bulbo." 

" H'm ! there's no accounting for tastes," said Bulbo, 
looking so very much puzzled and uncomfortable that 
the Princess, in tones of tenderest strain, asked the cause 
of his disquiet. 

" I tell you what it is, Angelica," said he, " since I 
came here yesterday there has been such a row, and dis- 
turbance, and quarrelling, and fighting, and chopping of 
heads off, and the deuce to pay, that I am inclined to go 
back to Crim Tartary." 

"But with me as thy bride, my Bui bo! Though 
wherever thou art is Crim Tartary to me, my bold, my 
beautiful, my Bulbo ! " 

** Well, well, I suppose we must be married," says 
Bulbo. " Doctor^ you came to read the funeral service 
 read the marriage service, will you. What must be, 
must. That will satisfy Angelica, and then, in the name 
of peace and quietness, do let us go back to breakfast." 

Bulbo had carried a rose in his mouth all the time of 
the dismal ceremony. It was a fairy rose, and he was 
told by his mother, that he ought never to part with it. 
So he had kept it between his teeth, even when he laid 
his poor head upon the block, hoping vaguely that some 
chance would turn up in his favor. As he began to 
speak to Angelica, he forgot about the rose, and of course 
jt dropped out of his mouth. The romantic Princess 

Si6 



The Rose and the Ring 

instantly stooped and seized it. '^ Sweet rose ! " she ex- 
claimed, ^'that bloomed upon my Bulbo's lip, never, 
never will I part from thee ! " and she placed it in her 
bosom. And you know Bulbo couldtCt ask her to give 
the rose back again. And they went to breakfast ; and 
as they walked, it appeared to Bulbo that Angelica be- 
came more exquisitely lovely every moment. 

He was frantic until they were married ; and now, 
strange to say, it was Angelica who didn't care about him ! 
He knelt down, he kissed her hand, he prayed and 
begged ; he cried with admiration, while she for her part 
said she really thought they might wait ; it seemed to her 
he was not handsome any more  no, not at all, quite the 
reverse, and not clever, no, very stupid, and not well- 
bred like Giglio ; no, on the contrary, dreadfully vul  

What I cannot say, for King Valoroso roared out 
"P^^A, stuff! " in a terrible voice. "We will have no 
more of this shilly-shallying ! Call the Archbishop, and 
let the Prince and Princess be married off-hand ! " 

So married they were, and I am sure for my part I 
trust they will be happy. 



517 



CHAPTER XII 

HOW BETSINDA FLED, AND WHAT BECAME OF HER 

Betsinda wandered on and on, till she passed through 
the town gates, and so on the great Crim Tartary road, 
the very way on which Giglio, too, was going. " Ah ! " 
thought she, as the diligence passed her, of which the 
conductor was blowing a delightful tune on his horn, 
" how I should like to be on that coach ! " But the 
coach and the jingling horses were very soon gone. She 
little knew who was in it, though very likely she was 
thinking of him all the time. 

Then came an empty cart, returning from market ; 
and the driver being a kind man, and seeing such a very 
pretty girl trudging along the road with bare feet, most 
good-naturedly gave her a seat. He said he lived on the 
confines of the forest, where his old father was a wood- 
man, and, if she liked, he would take her so far on her 
road. All roads were the same to little Betsinda, so she 
very thankfully took this one. 

And the carter put a cloth round her bare feet, and 
gave her some bread and cold bacon, and was very kind 
to her. For all that she was very cold and melancholy. 
When, after travelling on and on, evening came, and all 
the black pines were bending with snow, there, at last, 
was the comfortable light beaming in the woodman's 

Si8 



The Rose and the Ring 

windows, and so they arrived, and went into his cottage. 
He was an old man, and had a number of children, who 
were just at supper, with nice hot bread and milk, when 
their elder brother arrived with the cart. And they 
jumped and clapped their hands ; for they were good 
children, and he had brought them toys from the town. 
And when they saw the pretty stranger they ran to her, 
and brought her to the fire, and rubbed her poor little 
feet, and brought her bread and milk. 

" Look, Father ! " they said to the old woodman, 
^' look at this poor girl and see what pretty cold feet she 
has. They are as white as our milk ! And look and 
see what an odd cloak she has, just like the bit of velvet 
that hangs up in our cupboard, and which you found 
that day the little cubs were killed by King Padella in 
the forest ! And look, why bless us all ! she has got 
round her neck just such another little shoe as that you 
brought home, and have shown us so often  a little blue 
velvet shoe ! *' 

" What," said the old woodman  '^ what is all this 
about a shoe and a cloak ? " 

And Betsinda explained that she had been left, when 
quite a little child, at the town with this cloak and this 
shoe. And the persons who had taken care of her had 
 had been angry with her for no fault, she hoped of her 
own. And they had sent her away with her old clothes 
 and here, in fact, she was. She remembered having 
been in a forest  and perhaps it was a dream  it was so 
very odd and strange  having lived in a c^e with lions 

S19 



Fairy Tales 

there ; and, before thac> having lived in a very, very fine 
house, as fine as a king's, in a town. 

When the woodman heard this, he was so astonished, 
it was quite curious to see how astonished he was. He 
went to his cupboard, and took out of a stocking a five- 
shilling piece of King CavolfiorCi and vowed it was ex- 
actly like the young woman. Atid then he produced 
the shoe and piece of velvet which he had kept so long, 
and compared them with the things which Betsinda wore. 
In Betsinda's little shoe was written, " Hopkins, maker 




to the Royal Family " ; so in the other shoe was written, 
" Hopkins, maker to the Royal Family." In the inside 
of Betsinda's piece of cloak was embroidered, " prim 
ROSAL " ; in the other piece of cloak was embroidered, 
" CESS BA No. 246." So that when put t<^ether you 
read, " princess rosalba. No. 246." 

On seeing this, the dear old woodman fell down od 
his knee, saying: "O my Princess, O my gracious royal 
lady, O my rightful Queen of Crim Tartary  1 hail thee 
 I acknowledge thee  I do thee hom^^e ! " And in 
token of his fealty, he rubbed his venerable nose three 
30 



The Rose and the Ring 

tunes on the ground, and put the Princess's foot on hit 
head. 

" Why," said she, " my good woodman, you must be 
a nobleman of my father's court ! '* For in her lovtlj 
retreat, and under the name of Betsinda, her Majestv, 




RosALBA, Queen of Crim Tartary, had read of the cus- 
toms of ail foreign courts and nations. 

" Marry, indeed, am I, my gracious liege  the poor 
Lord Spinachi, once  the humble woodman these fifteen 
years syne. Ever since the tyrant, Padella (may ruin 
overtake the treacherous knave ! ), dismissed me from my 
post of First Lord." 

*' First Lord of the Toothpick and Joint Keeper of 
the Snuff Box ? I mind me ! Thou heldest these posts 
521 
W Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

under our royal Sire. They are restored to thee, Lord 
Spinachi ! I make thee knight of the second class of 
our Order of the Pumpkin (the first class being reserved 
for crowned heads alone). Rise Marquis of Spinachi ! '* 
And with indescribable majesty, the Queen, who had no 
sword handy, waved the pewter spoon with which she 
had been taking her bread-and-milk, over the bald head 
of the old nobleman, whose tears absolutely made a 
puddle on the ground, and whose dear children went to 
bed that night Lords and Ladies Bartolomeo, Ubaldo, 
Catarina, and Ottavia degli Spinachi ! 

The acquaintance her Majesty showed with the his- 
tory, and noble families of her empire, was wonderful. 
" The House of Broccoli should remain faithful to us," 
she said ; " they were ever welcome at our Court. Have 
the Articiocchi, as was their wont, turned to the Rising 
Sun ? The family of Sauerkraut must sure be with us 
 they were ever welcome in the halls of King Cavol- 
fiore." And so she went on enumerating quite a list of 
the nobility and gentry of Crim Tartary, so admirably 
had her Majesty profited by her studies while in exile. 

The old Marquis of Spinachi said he could answer 

for them all ; that the whole country groaned under 

Padella*s tyranny, and longed to return to its rightful 

sovereign ; and late as it was he sent his children, who 

knew the forest well, to summon this nobleman and that ; 

and when his eldest son, who had been rubbing the horse 

down and giving him his supper, came into the house for 

his own, the Marquis told him to put his boots on, and a 

522 



The Rose and the Ring 

saddle on the mare^ and ride hither and thither to such 
and such people. 

When the young man heard who his companion in 
the cart had been, he too knelt down and put her royal 
foot on his head ; he too bedewed the ground with his 
tears ; he was frantically in love with her as everybody 
now was who saw her ; so were the young lords Bartolo- 
meo and Ubaldo, who punched each other's little heads 
out of jealousy : and so, when they came from the east 
and west, at the summons of the Marquis degli Spinachi, 
were the Crim Tartar Lords who still remained faithful 
to the House of Cavolfiore. They were such very old 
gentlemen for the most part, that her Majesty never sus- 
pected their absurd passion, and went among them quite 
unaware of the havoc her beauty was causing, until an 
old blind Lord who had joined her party, told her what 
the truth was ; after which, for fear of making the people 
too much in love with her, she always wore a veil. She 
went about, privately, from one nobleman's castle to an- 
other; and they visited among themselves again, and 
had meetings, and composed proclamations and counter- 
proclamations, and distributed all the best places of the 
kingdom among one another, and selected who of the 
opposition party should be executed when the Queen 
came to her own. And so in about a year they were 
ready to move. 

The party of Fidelity was in truth composed of very 
feeble old fogies for the most part ; they went about the 
country waving their old swords and flags, and calling 

523 



Fairy Talcs 

**God save the Queen ! " and King Padella happening to 
be absent upon an invasion, they had their own way for 
a little, and to be sure the people were very enthusiastic 
whenever they saw the Queen ; otherwise the vulgar took 
matters very quietly, for they said, as far as they could 
recollect, they were pretty well as much taxed in Cavol- 
fiore's time, as now tn Padclla's. 




CHAPTER XIII 

HOW QUEEN ROSALBA CAME TO THE CASTLE OF THE 

BOLD COUNT HOGGINARMO 

Her Majesty, having indeed nothing e.se to give, 
made all her followers Knights of the Pumpkin, and 
marquises, earls, and baronets, and the^ had a little court 
for her, and made her a little crown of gilt paper, and a 
robe of cotton velvet, and they quarrelled about the places 
to be given away in her court, and about rank and 
precedence and dignities  you can't think how they 
quarrelled ! The poor Queen was very tired of her 
honors before she had had them a month, and I dare say 
sighed sometimes even to be a lady's maid again. But 
we must all do our duty in our respective stations, so the 
Queen resigned herself to perform hers. 

We have said how it happened that none of the 
Usurper's troops came out to oppose this Army of Fi- 
delity : it pottered along as nimbly as the gout of the 
principal commanders allowed ; it consisted of twice as 
many officers as soldiers ; and at length passed near the 
estates of one of the most powerful noblemen of the 
country, who had not declared for the Queen, but of 
whom her party had hope, as he was always quarrelling 
with King Padella. 

When they came close to his park gates, this noble- 

525 



Fairy Tales 

man sent to say he would wait upon her Majesty ; he was 
a most powerful warrior, and his name was Count Hog- 
ginarmo, whose helmet it took two strong negroes to 




carry. He knelt down before her and said : " Madam 
and liege lady ! it becomes the great nobles of the Crimean 
realm to show every outward sign of respect to the wearer 
of the crown, whoever that may be. We testify to our 
536 



I (( 



The Rose and the Ring 

own nobility in acknowledging yours. The bold Hog- 
ginarmo bends the knee to the first of the aristocracy of 
his country." 

Rosalba said, '^ The bold Count of Hogginarmo was 
uncommonly kind." But she felt afraid of him, even 
while he was kneeling, and his eyes scowled at her from 
between his whiskers, which grew up to them. 

The first Count of the Empire, madam," he went 
on, " salutes the Sovereign. The Prince addresses him- 
self to the not more noble lady ! Madam ! my hand is 
free, and I offer it, and my heart and my sword to your 
service! My three wives lie buried in my ancestral 
vaults. The third perished but a year since, and this 
heart pines for a consort ! Deign to be mine, and I 
swear to bring to your bridal table the head of King 
Padella, the eyes and nose of his son. Prince Bulbo, the 
right hand and ears of the usurping sovereign of Paflago- 
nia, which country shall thenceforth be an appanage to 
your  to our Crown ! Say yes ; Hogginarmo is not ac- 
customed to be denied. Indeed, I cannot contemplate 
the possibility of a refusal : for frightful would be the 
result, dreadful the murders, furious the devastations, 
horrible the tyranny, tremendous the tortures, misery, 
taxation, which the people of this realm will endure if 
Hogginarmo's wrath be aroused ! I see consent in your 
Majesty's lovely eyes  their glances fill my soul with 
rapture ! " 

" O sir," Rosalba said, withdrawing her hand in great 
fright. " Your Lordship is exceedingly kind, but I am 

527 



Fairy Tales 

sorry to tell you that I have a prior attachment to a young 
gentleman by the name of  Prince  Giglio  and never 
 never can marry any one but him." 

Who can describe Hogginarmo's wrath at this re- 
mark ? Rising up from the ground, he ground his teeth 
so that fire flashed out of his mouth, from which at the 
same time issued remarks and language so loudy violeniy 
and improper^ that this pen shall never repeat them! 
" R-r-r-r-r-r  Rejected ! Fiends and perdition ! The 
bold Hogginarmo rejected ! All the world shall hear of 
my rage ; and you, madam, you above all shall rue it ! " 
And kicking the two negroes before him, he rushed away, 
his whiskers streaming in the wind. 

Her Majesty's Privy Council was in a dreadful panic 
when they saw Hogginarmo issue from the royal pres- 
ence in such a towering rage, making footballs of the 
poor negroes  a panic which the events justified. They 
marched off from Hogginarmo's park very crestfallen, 
and in another half-hour they were met by that rapacious 
chieftain with a few of his followers, who cut, slashed, 
charged, whacked, banged, and pommelled among them, 
took the Queen prisoner, and drove the Army of Fidelity 
to I don't know where. 

Poor Queen! Hogginarmo, her conqueror, would 
not condescend to see her. " Get a horse-van ! " he said 
to his grooms. '^ Clap the hussy into it, and send her, 
with my compliments, to his Majesty King Padella." 

Along with his lovely prisoner, Hogginarmo sent a 
letter full of servile compliments and loathsome flatteries 

528 



The Rose and the Ring 

to King Padella, for whose life and chat of his royal 
family the hypocritical humbug pretended to offer the most 
fulsome prayers. And Hogginarmo promised' speedily 
to pay his humble homage at his august master's throne. 




of which he b^ged leave to be counted the most loyal 
and constant defender. Such a wary old HrJ as King 
Padella was not to be caught by Master Hogginarmo's 
chaf, and we shall hear presently how the tyrant treated 
his upstart vassal. No, no ; depend on't, two such 
rogues do not trust one another. 

So this poor Queen was laid in the straw like Mattery 
529 



Fairy Talcs 

Daw, and driven along in the dark ever so many miles 
to the Court, where King Padella had now arrived, hav- 
ing vanquished all his enemies> murdered most of them. 




and brought some of the richest into captivity with him 
for the purpose of torturing them and finding out where 
they had hidden their money. 

Rosalba heard their shrieks and groans in the dun- 
530 



The Rose and the Ring 

geon in which she was thrust ; a most awful black hole^ 
full of bats, rats, mice, toads, frogs, mosquitoes, bugs, 
fleas, serpents, and every kind of horror. No light was 
let into it, otherwise the jailers might have seen her 
and fallen in love with her, as an owl that lived up in 
the roof of the tower did ; and a cat, you know, who can 
see in the dark, having set its green eyes on Rosalba 
never would be got to go back to the turnkey's wife to 
whom it belonged. And the toads in the dungeon came 
and kissed her feet, and the vipers wound round her 
neck and arms, and never hurt her, so charming was this 
poor Princess in the midst of her misfortunes. 

At last, after she had been kept in this place ever so 
long, the door of the dungeon opened and the terrible 
King Padella came in. 

But what he said and did must be reserved for 
another chapter, as we must now back to Prince Giglio. 



CHAPTER XIV 

WHAT BECAME OF GIGLIO 

The idea of marrying such an old creature as Gruff- 
anufF frightened Prince Giglio so that he ran up to his 
room, packed his trunks, fetched in a couple of porters, 
and was off to the diligence office in a twinkling. 

It was well that he was so quick in his operations, did 
not dawdle over his luggage, and took the early coach, 

531 



Fairy Tales 

for as. soon as the mistake about Prince Bulbo was found 
out, that cruel Glumboso sent up a couple of policemen 
to Prince Giglio's room, with orders that he should be 
carried to Newgate, and his head taken off before twelve 
o'clock. But the coach was out of the Paflagonian do- 
minions before two o'clock ; and I dare say the express 
that was sent after Prince Giglio did not ride very quick, 
for many people in Paflagonia had a regard for Giglio, 
as the son of their old sovereign ; a Prince who, with all 
his weaknesses, was very much better than his brother  
the reigning, usurping, lazy, careless, passionate, tyran- 
nical, reigning monarch. That Prince busied himself 
with the balls, fetes, masquerades, hunting parties, and 
so forth, which he thought proper to give, on occasion 
of his daughter's marriage to Prince Bulbo ; and let us 
trust was not sorry in his own heart that his brother's 
son had escaped the scaffold. 

It was very cold weather, and the snow was on the 
ground, and Giglio, who gave his name as simple Mr. 
Gills, was very glad to get a comfortable place in the 
coupe of the diligence where he sat with the conductor 
and another gentleman. At the first stage from Blom- 
bodinga, as they stopped to change horses, there came up 
to the diligence a very ordinary, vulgar-looking woman, 
with a bag under her arm, who asked for a place. All 
the inside places were taken, and the young woman was 
informed that if she wished to travel, she must go upon 
the roof; and the passenger inside with Giglio (a rude 
person, I should think) put his head out of the window, 

532 



The Rose and the Ring 

and said : " Nice weather for travelling outside ! I wish 
you a pleasant journey, my dear." The poor woman 
coughed very much, and Giglio pitied her. " I will give 




up my pla to her," says he, "rather than she should 
travel in the cold air with that horrid cough." On which 
the vulgar traveller said : " Tou'd keep her warm, 1 am 
sure, if it's a muff she wants." On which Giglio pulled 
533 



Fairy Tales 

his nose, boxed his ears, hit him in the eye, and gave 
this vulgar person a warning never to call him muff 
again. 

Then he sprang up gayly on to the roof of the dili- 
gence, and made himself very comfortable in the straw. 
The vulgar traveller got down only at the next station, 
and Giglio took his place again, and talked to the person 
next to him. She appeared to b a most agreeable, well- 




informed, and entertaining female. They travelled to- 
gether till night, and she gave Giglio all sorts of things 
out of the bag which she carried, and which indeed seemed 
to contain the most wonderful collection of articles. He 
was thirsty  out there came a pint bottle of Bass's pale 
ale, and a silver mug! Hungry  she took out a cold 
fowl, some slices of ham, bread, salt, and a most delicious 
piece of cold plum-pudding, and a little glass of brandy 
afterward. 

S34 



The Rose and the Ring 

As they travelled, this plain-looking, queer woman 
talked to Giglio on a variety of subjects, in which the 
poor Prince showed his ignorance as much as she did her 
capacity. He owned, with many blushes, how ignorant 
he was; on which the lady said: ''My deal Gigl  my 
good Mr. Gills, you are a young man, and have plenty 
of time before you. You have nothing to do but to im- 
prove yourself. Who knows but that you may find use 
for your knowledge some day ? When  when you may 
be wanted at home, as some people may be." 

" Good Heavens, madam ! " says he, " do you know 
me?" 

" I know a number of funny things," says the lady. 
" I have been at some people's christenings, and turned 
away from othf r folks' doors. I have seen some people 
spoilt by good fortune, and others, as I hope, improved 
by hardship. I advise you to stay at the town where the 
coach stops for the night. Stay there and study, and 
remember your old friend to whom you were kind." 

" And who is my old friend ? " asked Giglio. 

" When you want anything," says the lady, " look 
in this bag, which I leave to you as a present, and be 
grateful to^" 

"To whom, madam?" says he. 

** To the Fairy Blackstick," says the lady, flying out 
of the window. And when Giglio asked the conductor 
if he knew where the lady was, " What lady ? " says the 
man ; " there has been no lady in this coach, except the 
old woman who got out at the last stage." And Giglio 

535 



Fairy Talcs 



thought he had been dreaming. But there was the bag 
which Blackstick had given him lying on his lap; and 
when he came to the town he took it in his hand and 
went into the inn. 

They gave him a very bad bedroom, and Giglio, when 
he woke in the morning, fancying himself in the Rdyal 
Palace at home, called, " John, Charles, Thomas ! My 
chocolate  my dressing-gown  my slippers " ; but no- 
body came. There was no bell, so he went and bawled 
out for wiuter on the top of the stairs. 
 The landlady came up, looking  looking like this  




" What are you a hollaring and a bellaring for here> 
young man ? " says she. 

" There's no warm water  no servants ; my boots 
are not even cleaned." 

" He, he ! Clean 'em yourself," says the landlady. 
"You young students give yourselves pretty airs. I 
never heard such impudence." 
536 



The Rose and the Ring 

"I'll quit the house this instant/* says Gigllo. 

" The sooner the better^ young man. Pay your bill 
and be off. Atl my rooms is wanted for gentlefolks, 
and not for such as you." 




"You may well keep the Bear Inn." said Giglio. 
"You should have yourself punted as the sign." 

The landlady of the Bear went away growling. And 

Gigtio returned to his room, where the first thing he 

saw was the fury bag lying on the table, which seemed 

to give a little hop as he came in. " i hope it has some 

537 



Fairy Tales 

breakfast in it/* says Giglio, " for I have only a very 
little money left." But on opening the bag, what do 
you think was there; a blacking-brush and a pot of War- 
ren's jet, and on the pot was written :  

" Poor young men their boots must black, 
Use me and cork me and put me back.** 

So Giglio laughed and blacked his boots, and put back 
the brush and the bottle into the bag. ' 

When he had done dressing himself, the bag gave 
another little hop, and he went to it and took out  

1. A table-cloth and a napkin. 

2. A sugar-basin full of the best loaf-sugar. 

4, 6, 8, lo. Two forks, two teaspoons, two knives, and 
a pair .of sugar-tongs, and a butter-knife, all marked G. 
II, 12, 13. A tea-cup, saucer, and slop-basin. 

14. A jug full of delicious cream. 

1 5. A canister with black tea and green. 

16. A large tea-urn and boiling water. 

17. A saucepan, containing three eggs, nicely done. 

18. A quarter of a pound of best Epping butter. 

19. A brown loaf. 

And if he hadn't enough now for a good breakfast, 
I should like to know who ever had one ! 

Giglio, having had his breakfast, popped all the 
things back into the bag, and went out looking for lodg- 
ings. I forgot to say that this celebrated university 
town was called Bosforo. 

He took a modest lodging opposite the Schools, paid 
his bill at the inn, and went to his apartment with his 

538 



The Rose and the Ring 

trunk, carpet-bag, and not forgetting, we may be sure, 
his other bag. 

When he opened his trunk, which the day before 
he had filled with his best clothes, he found it contained 
only books. And in the first of them which he opened 
there was written  

'< Clothes for the back, boob for the head : 

Ready and remember them when they are read." 

And in his bag, when Giglio looked in it, he found a 
student's cap and gown, a writing-book full of paper, 
an inkstand, pens, and a Johnson's Dictionary, which 
was very useful to him, as his spelling had been sadly 
neglected. 

So he sat down and worked away, very, very hard 
for a whole year, during which " Mr. Giles " was quite 
an example to all the students in the University of Bos- 
foro. He never got into any riots or disturbances. 
The professors all spoke well of him, and the students 
liked him, too ; so that, when at examination, he took 
all the prizes, viz. : 

The Spelling Prize ( The French Prize 

The Writing Prize J The Arithmetic Prize 

The History Prize 1 The Latin Prize 

The Catechism Prize (^ The Good Conduct Prize 

all his fellow students said, ^' Hurray ! Hurray for Giles! 
Giles is the boy  the students' joy ! Hurray for Giles ! " 
And he brought quite a quantity of medals, crowns, 
books, and tokens of distinction home to his lodgings. 

539 



Fairy Tales 

One day after the examinations, as he was diverting 
himself at a coffee-house with two friends (did I tell you 
that in his bag, every Saturday night, he found just 
enough to pay his bills, with a guinea over, for pocket- 
money ? Didn't I tell you ? Well, he did, as sure as 
twice twenty makes forty-five), he chanced to look in 
the " Bosforo Chronicle," and read off, quite easily (for 
he could spell, read, and write the longest words now) 
the following : 

" Romantic Circumstance.  One of the most ex- 
traordinary adventures that we have ever heard has set 
the neighboring country of Crim Tartary in a state <^ 
great excitement. 

"It will be remembered that when the present re- 
vered sovereign of Crim Tartary, his Majesty King 
PadelUiy took possession of the throne, after having van- 
quished, in the terrific battle of Blunderbusco, the late 
King Cavolfiore^ that Prince's only child, the Princess 
Rosalba, was not fbund in the royal palace, of which 
King Padella took possession, and, it was said, had 
strayed into the forest (being abandoned by all her attend- 
ants), where she had been eaten up by those ferocious 
lions, the last pair of which were captured some time 
since, and brought to the Tower, after killing several 
hundred persons. 

" His Majesty King Padella, who has the kindest 
heart in the world, was grieved at the accident which had 
occurred to the harmless little Princess, for whom his 
Majesty's known benevolence would certainly have pro- 

540 



The Rose and the Ring 

vided a fitting establishment. But her death seemed to 
be certain. The mangled remains of a cloak, and a little 
shoe, were found in the forest, during a hunting party, 
in which the intrepid sovereign of Crim Tartary slew 
two of the lions' cubs with his own spear. And these 
interesting relics of an innocent little creature were car- 
ried home and kept by their finder, the Baron Spinachi, 
formerly an oflicer in Cavolfiore's household. The 
Baron was disgraced in consequence of his known legiti- 
mist opinions, and has lived for some time in the humble 
capacity of a wood-cutter, in a forest, on the outskirts of 
the Kingdom of Crim Tartary. 

" Last Tuesday week Baron Spinachi and a number 
of gentlemen, attached to the former dynasty, appeared 
in arms, crying ' God save Rosalba, the first Queen of 
Crim Tartary ! ' and surrounding a lady whom report 
describes as * beautiful exceedingly.* Her history may be 
authentic, is certainly most romantic. 

'^ The personage calling herself Rosalba states that 
she was brought out of the forest, fifteen years since, by 
a lady in a car, drawn by dragons (this account is cer- 
tainly improbable)^ that she was left in the palace Garden 
of Blombodinga, where her Royal Highness Angelica, 
now married to his Royal Highness the Prince Buibo, 
Crown Prince of Crim Tartary, found the child, and, 
with that elegant benevolence which has always distin- 
guished the heiress of the throne of Paflagonia, gave 
the little outcast a shelter and a home I Her parents not 
being known, and her garb very humble, the foundling 

541 



Fairy Tales 

was educated in the Palace in a menial capacity, under 
the name of Betsinda. 

^^ She did not give satisfaction, and was dismissed, 
carrying with her, certainly, part of a mantle and a shoe, 
which she had on when first found. According to her 
statement she quitted Blombodinga about a year ago, 
since which time she has been with the Spinachi family. 
On the very same morning the Prince Giglio, nephew to 
the King of Paflagonia, a young Prince whose character 
for talent and order were, to say truth, none of the high- 
esty also quitted Blombodinga, and has not been since 
heard of! " 

'^ What an extraordinary story ! " said Smith and 
Jones, two young students, Giglio's especial friends. 

" Ha 1 what is this ? " Giglio went on reading  

" Second Edition, Express.  We hear that the 
troop under Baron Spinachi has been surrounded, and 
utterly routed, by General Count Hogginarmo, and the 
soi'disant Princess is sent a prisoner to the capital. 

" University News.  Yesterday, at the Schools, the 
distinguished young student, Mr. Giles, read a Latin 
oration, and was complimented by the Chancellor of 
Bosforo, Dr. Prugnaro, with the highest University 
honor  the wooden spoon." 

" Never mind that stuff," says Giles, greatly dis- 
turbed. " Come home with me, my friends  partakers 
of my academic toils  I have that to tell shall astonish 
your honest minds." 

** Go it, old boy 1 " cried the impetuous Smith. 

542 



The Rose and the Ring 

" Talk away, my buck ! " says Jones, a lively fellow. 

With an air of indescribable dignity, Giglio checked 
their natural, but no more seemly familiarity. '' Jones, 
Smith, my good friends," said the Prince, '* disguise is 
henceforth useless, I am no more the humble student 
Giles, I am the descendant of a royal line." 

" Atavis edite regibuSy I know, old co  ," cried Jones, 
he was going to say old cock, but a flash from the royal 
EYE again awed him. 

" Friends," continued the Prince, " I am that Giglio, 
I am, in fact, Paflagonia. Rise, Smith, and kneel not in 
the public street. Jones, thou true heart ! My faith- 
less uncle, when I was a baby, filched from me that 
brave crown my father left me, bred me all young and 
careless of my rights, like unto hapless Hamlet, Prince 
of Denmark ; and had I any thoughts about my wrongs, 
soothed me with promises of near redress. I should 
espouse his daughter young Angelica; we two indeed 
should reign in Paflagonia. His words were false  false 
as Angelica's heart !  false as Angelica's hair, color, front 
teeth ! She looked with her skrew eyes upon young 
Bulbo, Crim Tartary's stupid heir, and she preferred 
him. 'Twas then I turned my eyes upon Betsinda  
Rosalba, as she now is. And I saw in her the blushing 
sum of all perfection ; the pink of maiden modesty ; the 
nymph that my fond heart had ever woo'd in dreams," 
etc., etc. 

( I don't give this speech, which was very fine, but 
very long ; and though Smith and Jones knew nothing 

543 



Fairy Tales 

about the circumstances, my dear reader does, so I 
go on,) 

The Prince and his young friends hastened home to 
his apartment, highly excited by the intelligence, as no 
doubt by the royal narrator's admirable manner of re- 
counting it, and they ran up to his room where he had 
worked so hard at his books. 

On his writing-table was his bag, grown so long that 
the Prince could not help remarking it. He went to it, 
opened it, and what do you think he found in it ? 

A splendid long, gold-handled, red-velvet-scabbard- 
ed, cut-and-thrust sword, and on the sheath was em- 
broidered, " ROSALBA FOR EvER ! " 

He drew out the sword, which flashed and illumi- 
nated the whole room, and called out ^* Rosalba for 
ever ! " Smith and Jones following him, but quite re- 
spectfully this time, and taking the time from his Royal 
Highness. 

And now his trunk opened with a sudden pong, and 
out there came three ostrich feathers in a gold crown, 
surrounding a beautiful shining steel helmet, a cuirass, a 
pair of spurs, finally a complete suit of armor. 

The books on Giglio's shelves were all gone. Where 
there had been some great dictionaries, Giglio's friends 
found two pairs of Jack-boots, labelled ^^ Lieutenant 

Smith," " Jones, Esq.," which fitted them to a 

nicety. Besides, there were helmets, back and breast 
plates, swords, etc., just like in Mr. G. P. R. James's 
novels, and that evening three cavaliers might have been 

544 



The Rose and the Ring 

seen issuing from the gates of Bosforo, in whom the 
porters, proctors, etc., never thought of recognizing the 
young Prince and his friends. 




They got horses at a livery-stable keeper's, and never 
drew bridle until they reached the last town on the fron- 
tier, before you come to Crim Tarury. Here, as their 
545 



Fairy Tales 

animals were tired, and the cavaliers hungry, they stopped 
and refreshed at an hostel. I could make a chapter of 
this if I were like some writers, but I like to cram my 
measure tight down, you see, and give you a great deal 
for your money, and in a word, they had some bread 
and cheese and ale upstairs on the balcony of the inn. 
As they were drinking, drums and trumpets sounded 
nearer and nearer, the market-place was filled with sol- 
diers, and his Royal Highness looking forth, recognized 
the Paflagonian banners, and the Paflagonian national air 
which the bands were playing. 

The troops all made for the tavern at once, and 
as they came up Giglio exclaimed, on beholding their 
leader : " Whom do I see ? Yes ! No ! It is, it is ! 
Phoo! No, it can't be! Yes! It is my friend, my 
gallant faithful veteran, Captain HedzofF! Ho I Hedz- 
off! Knowest thou not thy Prince, thy Giglio? 
Good Corporal, methinks we once were friends. Ha, 
Sergeant, an my memory serves me right, we have 
had many a bout at single stick." 

" r faith, we have a many, good my Lord," says the 
Sergeant. 

" Tell me, what means this mighty armament," con- 
tinued his Royal Highness from the balcony, *'and 
whither march my Paflagonians ? " 

HedzoflF's head fell. "My Lord," he said, "we 
march as the allies of great Padella, Crim Tartary's 
monarch." 

"Crim Tartary's usurper, gallant HedzofF! Crim 

546 



The Rose and the Ring 

Tartary's grim tynnt, honest Hedzoff!" said the 
Prince, on the balcony, quite sarcastically. 

'* A soldier, Prince, must needs obey his orders : 




mine are to help his Majesty Padella. And also (though 
alack that I should say it ! ) to seize wherever I should 
light upon him  " 

"First catch your hare! ha, HedzofF! " exclaimed 
his Royal Highness. 

547 



Fairy Tales 

"  On the body of Giglio, whilome Prince of Pafla- 
gonia," HedzofF went on, with indescribable emotion. 
"My Prince, give up your sword without ado. Look ! 
we are thirty thousand men to one ! " 

" Give up my sword ! Giglio give up his sword ! '* 
cried the Prince ; and stepping well forward on to the bal- 
cony, the royal youth, without preparatiofiy delivered a 
speech so magnificent, that no report can do justice to it. 
It was all in blank verse (in which, from this time, he 
invariably spoke, as more becoming his majestic station). 
It lasted for three days and three nights, during which 
not a single person who heard him was tired, or re- 
marked the difference between daylight and dark. The 
soldiers only cheering tremendously, when occasionally, 
once in nine hours, the Prince paused to suck an orange, 
which Jones took out of the bag. He explained in 
terms which we say we shall not attempt to convey, the 
whole history of the previous transaction ; and his deter- 
mination not only not to give up his sword, but to 
assume his rightful crown: and at the end of this ex- 
traordinary, this truly gigantic effort, Captain HedzofF 
flung up his helmet, and cried : " Hurray ! Hurray ! 
Long live King Giglio ! " 

Such were the consequences of having employed his' 
time well at College ! 

When the excitement had ceased, beer was ordered 
out for the army, and their Sovereign himself did not 
disdain a little ! And now it was with some alarm that 
Captain HedzofF told him his division was only the 

548 



The Rose and the Ring 

advanced guard of the Paflagonian contingent, hastening 
to King Padella's aid. The main force being a day's 
march in the rear under his Royal Highness Prince Bulbo. 
" We will wait here, good friend, to beat the Prince," 
his Majesty said, " and then will make his royal Father 



wince." 



CHAPTER XV 

WE RETURN TO R03ALBA 

King Padella made very similar proposals to Ros- 
alba to those which she had received from the various 
princes who, as we have seen, had fallen in love with 
her. His Majesty was a widower, and offered to marry 
his fair captive that instant, but she declined his invita- 
tion in her usual polite, gentle manner, stating that 
Prince Giglio was her love, and that any other union was 
out of the question. Having tried tears and supplica- 
tions in vain, this violent-tempered monarch menaced 
her with threats and tortures ; but she declared she would 
rather suffer all these than accept the hand of her father's 
murderer, who left her finally, uttering the most awful 
imprecations, and bidding her prepare for death on the 
following morning. 

All night long the King spent in advising how he 
should get rid of this obdurate young creature. Cutting 
off her head was much too easy a death for her ; hanging 
was so common in his Majesty's dominions that it no 

549 



Fairy Tales 

longer afforded him any sport: finally, he bethought 
himself of a pair of lions which had lately been sent to 
him as presents, and he determined, with these ferodous 



^-.Mf- 




brutes, to hunt poor Rosalba down. Adjoining his 
castle was an amphitheatre where the Prince indulged in 
bull-baiting, rat-hunting, and other ferocious sports. The 
two lions were kept in a c^e under this place ; their roar- 
ing might be heard over the whole city, the inhabitants 
5 SO 



The Rose and the Ring 

of which, I am sorry to say, thronged in numbers to see 
a poor young lady gobbled up by two wild beasts. 

The King took his place in the royal box, having the 
officers of his court around and the Count Hogginarmo 
by his side, upon whom his Majesty was observed to 
look very fiercely ; the fact is royal spies had told the 
monarch of Hogginarmo's behavior, his proposals to 
Rosalba, and his ofifer to fight for the crown. Black as 
thunder looked King Padella at this proud noble, as they 
sat in the front seats of the theatre waiting to see the 
tragedy whereof poor Rosalba was to be the heroine. 

At length that princess was brought out in her night- 
gown, with all her beautiful hair falling down her back, 
and looking so pretty that even the beef-eaters and 
keepers of the wild animals wept plentifully at seeing 
her. And she walked with her poor little feet (only 
luckily the arena was covered with sawdust), and went 
and leaned up against a great stone in the centre of the 
amphitheatre, round which the court and the people were 
seated in boxes with bars before them, for fear of the 
great, fierce, red-maned, black-throated, long-tailed, roar- 
ing, bellowing, rushing lions. And nowthe gates were 
opened, and with a wurrawar-rurawarar two great lean, 
hungry, roaring lions rushed out of their den where they 
had been kept for three weeks on nothing but a little 
toast-and-water, and dashed straight up to the stone where 
poor Rosalba was waiting. Commend her to your patron 
saints, all you kind people, for she is in a dreadful state. 

There was a hum and a buzz all through the circus^ 

551 



Fairy Tales 

and the fierce King Padella even felt a little compassioQ. 
But Count Hogginarmo, seated by his Majesty, roared 
out, " Hurray ! Now for it ! Soo-soo-soo ! " that noble- 
man being uncommonty angry still at Rosalba's refiisai 
of him. 

But O strange event ! O remarkable circumstance ! 
O extraordinary coincidence, which I am sure none of 
you could by any possibility have divined ! When the 




lions came to Rosalba, instead of devouring her with 
their great teeth, it was with kisses they gobbled her up I 
They licked her pretty feet, they nuzzled their noses in 
her lap, they moo'd ; they seemed to say : *' Dear, dear 
sister, don't you recollect your brothers in the forest?" 
And she put her pretty white arms round their tawny 
necks, and kissed them. 

King Padella was much astonished. The Count 
Hogginarmo was extremely disgusted. " Pooh ! " the 
Count cried. "Gammon!" exclaimed his Lordship. 



The Rose and the Ring 

" These lions are tame beasts come from Wombwell's or 
Astley's. It is a shame to put people off in this way. 1 
believe they are little boys dressed up in door-mats. They 
are no lions at all." 

" Ha ! " said the King, "you dare to say * gammon ' 
to your sovereign, do you ? These lions are no lions at 
all, aren*t they ? Ho ! my beef-eaters ! Ho ! my body- 
guard ! Take this Count Hogginarmo and fling him 
into the circus ! Give him a sword and buckler ; let 
him keep his armor on, and his weather-eye out, and 
fight these lions." 

The haughty Hogginarmo laid down his opera-glass, 
and looked scowling round at the King and his attend- 
ants. " Touch me not, dogs ! " he said, " or by St. 
Nicholas the Elder I will gore you ! Your Majesty 
thinks Hogginarmo is afraid ? No, not of a hundred 
thousand lions ! Follow me down into the circus. King 
Padella, and match thyself against ^ne of yon brutes. 
Thou darest not. Let them both come on, then 1 " 
And opening a grating of the box, he jumped lightly 
down into the circus. 

Wurra tourra wurra wur-aw-ato-aw ! ! I 

In about two minutes 

The Count Hogginanno was 



I 

GOBBLED UP 



by 

those lionsy 

bones* boots, and all, 

and 

There was an 

End of him. 

553 



Fairy Talcs 



At this the King said : ^^ Serve him right, the rebel- 
lious ruffian ! And now, as those lions won't eat that 
young woman  " 

" Let her off!  let her off! " cried the crowd. 

" NO ! " roared the King. " Let the beef-eaters go 
down and chop her into small pieces. If the lions de- 
fend her, let the archers shoot them to death. That 
hussy shall die in tortures ! " 

" A-a-ah ! " cried the crowd. " Shame ! shame ! " 

" Who dares cry out shame ? " cried the furious poten- 
tate (so little can tyrants command their passions). 
*^ Fling any scoundrel who says a word down among 
the lions ! " I warrant you there was a dead silence 
then, which was broken by a pang arang pang pangka- 
rangpang, and a knight and a herald rode in at the 
further end of the circus. The knight, in full armor, 
with his visor up, and bearing a letter on the point of 
his lance. 

" Ha ! " exclaimed the King, " by my fay, 'tis Ele- 
phant and Castle, pursuivant of my brother of Pafia- 
gonia, and the Knight, an my memory serves me, is the 
gallant Captain HedzofF! What news from Paflagonia, 
gallant HedzofF? Elephant and Castle, beshrew me, 
thy trumpeting must have made thee thirsty. What will 
my trusty herald like to drink ? " 

" Bespeaking first safe conduct from your Lordship," 
said Captain Hedzoflf, " before we take a drink of any- 
thing, permit us to deliver our king's message." 

" My Lordship, ha ? " said Crim Tartary, fi'owning 

554 



The Rose and the Ring 

terrifically. " That title soundeth strange in the anointed 
ears of a crowned king. Straightway speak out your 
message^ knight and herald ! " 

Reining up his charger in a most elegant manner 
close under the King's balcony, HedzofF turned to the 
herald and bade him begin. 

Elephant and Castle, dropping his trumpet over his 
shoulder, took a large sheet of paper out of his hat, and 
began to read : 

" O yes ! O yes ! O yes ! Know all men by these 
presents, that we, Giglio, King of Paflagonia, Grand 
Duke of Cappadocia, Sovereign Prince of Turkey and 
the Sausage Islands, having assumed our rightful throne 
and title, long time falsely borne by our usurping uncle, 
styling himself King of Paflagonia  '* 

" Ha ! " growled Padella. 

"  Hereby summon the false traitor, Padella, call- 
ing himself King of Crim Tartary  " 

The King's curses were dreadful. " Go on. Elephant 
and Castle ! " said the intrepid HedzofF. 

"  To release from cowardly imprisonment his liege 
lady and rightful sovereign, Rosalba, Queen of Crim 
Tartary, and restore her to her royal throne, in default 
of which, I, Giglio, proclaim the said Padella sneak, 
traitor, humbug, usurper, and coward. I challenge him 
to meet me, with fists or with pistols, with battle axe or 
sword, with blunderbuss or single stick, alone or at the 
head of his army, on foot or on horseback, and will 
prove my words upon his wicked, ugly body ! " 

555 



Fairy Tales 

'^ God save the King ! " said Captain Hedzoff, exe- 
cuting a demivoite, two semilunes> and three caracols* 

" Is that all ? " said Padella, with the terrific calm of 
concentrated fury. 

'^ That, sir, is all my Royal Master's message. Here 
is his Majesty's letter in autograph, and here is his 
glove, and if any gentleman of Crim Tartary chooses 
to find fault with his Majesty's expression, I, Tufi&lcin 
HedzofF, Captain of the Guard, am very much at his 
service," and he waved his lance and looked at the as- 
sembly all round. 

^* And what says my good brother of Paflagonia, my 
dear son's father-in-law, to this rubbish ? " asked the King. 

" The King's uncle hath been deprived of the crown 
he unjustly wore," said HedzofF gravely. " He and his 
ex-minister, Glumboso, are now in prison waiting the 
sentence of my Royal Master. After the battle of Bom- 
bardaro " 

" Of what ? " asked the surprised Padella. * 

" Of Bombardaro, where my liege, his present Maj- 
esty, would have performed prodigies of valor, but that 
the whole of his uncle's army came over to our side, 
with the exception of Prince Bulbo." 

" Ah ! my boy, my boy, my Bulbo was no tr^tor ! " 
cried Padella. 

'' Prince Bulbo, far from coming over to us, ran 
away, sir ; but I caught him. The Prince is a prisoner 
in our army, and the most terrific tortures await him if a 
hair of the Princess Rosalba's head is injured." 

5S6 



The Rose and the Ring 

*' Do they ? *' exclaimed the furious Padella, who was 
now perfectly livid with rage." Do they indeed ! So 
much the worse for Bulbo. Tve twenty sons as lovely 
each as Bulbo. Not one but is as fit to reign as Bulbo. 
Whip^ whack, flog, starve, rack, punish, torture Bulbo 
break all his bones  ^roast him or flay him alive  pull all 
his pretty teeth out one by one ! But justly dear as 
Bulbo is to me  joy of my eyes, fond treasure of my soul ! 
ha, ha, ha, ha !  ^revenge is dearer still. Ho ! torturers, 
rack-men, executioners  light up the fires and make the 
pincers hot ! get lots of boiling lead !  Bring out 

ROSALBA ! " 



CHAPTER XVI 

HOW HEDZOFF RODE BACK AGAIN TO KING GIGLIO 

Captain Hedzoff rode away when King Padella 
uttered this cruel command, having done his duty in de^ 
livering the message with which his Royal Master had 
intrusted him. Of course he was very sorry for Rosalba, 
but what could he do ? 

So he returned to King Giglio's camp and found the 
young monarch in a disturbed state of mind, smoking 
cigars in the royal tent. His Majesty's agitation was 
not appeased by the news that was brought by his am- 
bassador. '^ The brutal ruthless ruffian royal wretch ! " 
Giglio exclaimed. ''As England's poesy has well re- 
marked, ' The man that lays his hand upon a woman, 

557 



Fairy Tales 

save in the way of kindness, is a villain/ Ha, Hedz- 
off ? " 

" That he is, your Majesty," said the attendant. 

^' And didst thou see her flung into oil ? and didn't 
the soothing oil  the emollient oil, refuse to boil, good 
HedzofF  and to spoil the fairest lady ever eyes did look 
on?" 

'^ Faith, good my liege, I had no heart to look and 
see a beauteous lady boiling down; I took your royal 
message to Padella, and bore it back to you. I told 
him you would hold Prince Bulbo answerable. He only 
said that he had twenty sons as good as Bulbo, and 
forthwith he bade the ruthless executioners proceed." 

O cruel father  O unhappy son ! " cried the King. 
Go, some of you, and bring Prince Bulbo hither." 

Bulbo was brought in chains, looking very uncom- 
fortable. Though a prisoner, he had been tolerably 
happy, perhaps because his mind was at rest, and all the 
fighting was over, and he was playing at marbles with 
his guards, when the King sent for him. 

" O my poor Bulbo," said his Majesty, with looks 
of infinite compassion, *^ hast thou heard the news (for 
you see Giglio wanted to break the thing gently to the 
Prince), thy brutal father has condemned Rosalba  
p-p-p-ut her to death, P-p-p-prince Bulbo ! " 

" What, killed Betsinda, Boo-hoo-hoo," cried out 
Bulbo. '^ Betsinda ! pretty Betsinda ! dear Betsinda ! 
She was the dearest little girl in the world ! I love her 
better twenty thousand times even than Angelica," and 

558 



cc 



The Rose and the Ring 

he went on expressing his grief in so hearty and unaf- 
fected a manner that the King was quite touched by it, 
and said, shaking Bulbo's hand, that he wished he had 
known Bulbo sooner. 

Bulbo, quite unconsciously, and meaning for the best, 
offered to come and sit with his Majesty, and smoke a 
cigar with him, and console him. The royal kindness 
supplied Bulbo with a cigar ; he had not had one, he 
said, since he was taken prisoner. 

And now think what must have been the feelings of 
the most merciful of monarchSy when he informed his 
prisoner, that in consequence of King Padella's cruel 
and dastardly behavior to Rosalba, Prince Bulbo must 
instantly be executed ! The noble Giglio could not 
restrain his tears, nor could the Grenadiers, nor the 
officers, nor could Bulbo himself, when the matter was 
explained to him ; and he was brought to understand 
that his Majesty's promise, of course, was above every 
thing, and Bulbo must submit. So poor Bulbo was led 
out. Hedzoff trying to console him, by pointing out 
that if he had won the battle of Bombardaro he might 
have hanged Prince Giglio. '* Yes ! But that is no 
comfort to me now 1 " said poor Bulbo; nor indeed was 
it, poor fellow. 

He was told the business would be done the next 
morning at eight, and was taken back to his dungeon, 
where every attention was paid to him. The jailer's 
wife sent him tea, and the turnkey's daughter begged 
him to write his name in her album, where a many gen- 

559 



Fairy Tales 



tlemen had wrote it on like occasions ! " Bother your 
album !" says Bulbo. The undertaker came and meas- 
ured him for the handsomest coffin which money could 
buy  even this didn't console Buibo. The cook 





/ / 



brought him dishes which he once used to like ; but he 
wouldn't touch them ; he sat down and began writing 
an adieu to Angelica, as the clock kept always ticking, 
and the hands drawing nearer tQ next morning. The 
barber came in at night, and offered to shave him for 
the next day. Prince Bulbo kicked htm away, and went 
on writing a few words to Princess Angelica, as the clock 
kept always ticking, and the hands hopping nearer and 
560 



The Rose and the Ring 

nearer to next morning. He got up on the top of 
a hat-box, on the top of a chair, on the top of his bed, 
on the top of his table, and looked out to see whether 
he might escape, as the clock kept always ticking and the 
hands drawing nearer, and nearer, and nearer. 

But looking' out of the window was one thing, and 





jumping another; and the town^lock struck seven. So 
he got into bed for a Itttle sleep, but the jailer came and 
woke him, and said : " Git up, your Royal Ighness, if 
you please, it's ten minutes to_eight!" 

So poor Bulbo got up ; he had gone to bed in his 
clothes (the lazy boy), and he shook himself, and said 
he didn't mind about dressing, or having any breakfast, 
561 



Fairy Tales 

thank you ; and he saw the soldiers who had come for 
him. " Lead on ! " he said ; and they led the way, 
deeply affected ; and they came into the court-yard, and 
out into the square, and there was King Giglto come to 
uke leave of him, and his Majesty most kindly shook 
hands with him, and the gloomy procession marched on  
when hark ! 




Haw  wurraw  wurraw  aworr ! 

A roar of wild beasts was heard. And who should 
come riding into town, frightening away the boys, and 
even the beadle and policeman, but Rosalba ! 

The hct is, that when Captain HedzofF entered into 
the court of Snapdragon Castle, and was discoursing with 
King Padella, the lions made a dash at the o[>en gate, 
562 



The Rose and the Ring 

gobbled up the six beef-eaters in a jiffy, and away they 
went with Rosalba on the back of one of them, and they 
carried her, turn and turn about, till they came to the 
city where Prince Giglio's army was encamped. 

When the King heard of the Queen's arrival, you 
may think how he rushed out of his breakfast-room to 




hand her Majesty off her Hon ! The Hons were grown 
as fat as pigs now, having had Hc^ginarmo and all those 
beef-eaters, and were so tame anybody might pat them. 

While Giglio knelt (most gracefully) and helped the 
Princess, Bulbo, for his part, rushed up and kissed the 
Hon. He flung his arms round the forest monarch; 
S63 



Fairy Tales 

he hugged him, and laughed and cried for joy. '^ Oh^ 
you darling old beast, oh, how glad I am to see you, and 
the dear, dear Bets  that is, Rosalba." 

" What, is it you ? poor Bulbo," said the Queen. 
" Oh, how glad I am to see you "; and she gave him her 
hand to kiss. King Giglio slapped him most kindly on 
the back, and said, '^ Bulbo, my boy, I am delighted, for 
your sake, that her Majesty has arrived." 

" So am I," said Bulbo ; and you know why'' Cap- 
tain HedzofFhere came up. " Sire, it is half-past eight; 
shall we proceed with the execution ? " 

Execution, what for ? " asked Bulbo. 
An officer only knows his orders," replied Captain 
HedzofF, showing his warrant, on which his Majesty 
King Giglio smilingly said, " Prince Bulbo was reprieved 
this time," and most graciously invited him to break- 
fast. 



cc 

C 



CHAPTER XVII 

HOW A TREMENDOUS BATTLE TOOK PLACE, AND WHO 

WON IT 

As SOON as King Padella heard, what we know 
already, that his victim, the lovely Rosalba, had escaped 
him, his Majesty's fury knew no bounds, and he pitched 
the Lord Chancellor, Lord Chamberlain, and every officer 
of the crown whom he could set eyes on, into the cal- 
dron of boiling oil prepared for the Princess. Then he 

564 



The Rose and the Ring 

ordered out his whole army, horse, foot, and artillery ; 
and set forth at the head of an innumerable host, and I 
should think twenty thousand druhimers, trumpeters, 
and fifers. 

King Giglio*s advanced guard, you may be sure, kept 
that monarch acquainted with the enemy's dealings, and 
he was in no wise disconcerted. He was much too polite 
to alarm the Princess, his lovely guest, with any unneces- 
sary rumors of battles impending ; on the contrary, he 
did everything to amuse and divert her; gave her a 
most elegant breakfast, dinner, lunch, and got up a ball 
for her that evening, when he danced with her every 
single dance. 

Poor Bulbo was taken into favor again, and allowed 
to go quite free now. He had new clothes given him, 
was called, " My good cousin," by his Majesty, and was 
treated with the greatest distinction by everybody. But 
it was easy to see he was very melancholy. The fact is, 
the sight of Betsinda, who looked perfectly lovely in an 
elegant new dress, set poor Bulbo frantic in love with 
her again. And he never thought about Angelica, now 
Princess Bulbo, whom he had left at home, and who, as 
we know, did not care much about him. 

The King, dancing the twenty-fifth polka with Ros- 
alba, remarked with wonder the ring she wore ; and then 
Rosalba told him how she had got it from GruffanufF, 
who no doubt had picked it up when Angelica flung it 
away. 

" Yes," says the Fairy Blackstick, who had come to 

565 



Fairy Tales 

see the young people, and who had very likely certain 
plans regarding them. '^ That ring I gave the Queen^ 
Giglio's mother, who was not, saving your presence, a 
very wise woman; it is enchanted, and whoever wears 
it looks beautiful in the eyes of the world. I made poor 
Prince Bulbo, when he was christened, the present of a 
rose which made him look handsome while he had it ; 
but he gave it to Angelica, who instantly looked beauti- 
ful again, while Bulbo relapsed into his natural plain- 



ness." 



'^ Rosalba needs no ring, I am sure," says Giglio, 
with a low bow. '^ She is beautiful enough, in my eyes, 
without any enchanted aid." 

" O sir," said Rosalba. 

'^ Take off the ring and try," said the King, and 
resolutely drew the ring off her finger. In his eyes she 
looked just as handsome as before ! 

The King was thinking of throwing the ring away, as 
it was so dangerous and made all the people so mad 
about Rosalba, but being a prince of great humor, and 
good humor too, he cast his eyes upon a poor youth 
who happened to be looking on very disconsolately, and 
said : 

'^ Bulbo, my poor lad ! come and try on this ring. 
The Princess Rosalba makes it a present to you." The 
magic properties of this ring were uncommonly strong, 
for no sooner had Bulbo put it on, but lo and behold ! 
he appeared a personable, agreeable young prince enough 
with a fine complexion, fair hair, rather stout, and with 

566 



The Rose and the Ring 

bandy legs ; but' these were encased in such a beautiful 
pair of yellow morocco boots that nobody remarked 
them. And Bui bo's spirits rose up almost immediately 
after he had looked in the glass, and he talked to their 
Majesties in the most lively, agreeable manner, and 
danced opposite the Queen with one of her prettiest 
maids of honor, and after looking at her Majesty, could 
not help saying : " How very odd ; she is very pretty, 
but not so extraordinarily handsome.'* ^^ Oh no, by no 
means ! " says the Maid of Honor. 

" But what care I, dear sir," says the Queen, who 
overheard them, " if you think I am good-looking 
enough ? " 

His Majesty's glance in reply to this affectionate 
speech was such that no painter could draw it. And the 
Fairy Blackstick said : ^^ Bless you, my darling children ! 
Now you are united and happy ; and now you see what 
I said from the first, that a little misfortune has done you 
both good. Tou^ Giglio, had you been bred in prosperity, 
would scarcely have learned to read or write  ^you would 
have been idle and extravagant, and could not have been 
a good king as now you will be. You, Rosalba, would 
have been so flattered that your little head might have 
been turned like Angelica's, who thought herself too 
good for Giglio." 

"As if anybody could be good enough for A/iw," cried 
Rosalba. 

" O you, you darling ! " says Giglio. And so she 
was ; and he was just holding out his arms in order to 

567 



(I 
cc 



Fairy Tales 

give her a hug before the whole company, when a mes- 
senger came rushing in, and said : " My Lord, the 
enemy ! '* 

To arms ! " cries Giglio. 

Oh mercy ! " says Rosalba, and fainted of course. 
He snatched one kiss from her lips^ and rushed forth to 
the field of battle ! 

The fairy had provided King Giglio with a suit of 
armor, which was not only embroidered all over with 
jewels, and blinding to your eyes to look at, but was 
water-proof, gun-proof, and sword-proof; so that in the 
midst of the very hottest battles his Majesty rode about 
as calmly as if he had been a British grenadier at Alma. 
Were I engaged in fighting for my country, /should like 
such a suit of armor as Prince Giglio wore ; but you 
know he was a prince of a fairy tale, and they always 
have these wonderful things. 

Besides the fairy armor, the Prince had a feiry horse, 
which would gallop at any pace you please ; and a fairy 
sword, which would lengthen, and run through a whole 
regiment of enemies at once. With such a weapon at 
command, I wonder, for my part, he thought of ordering 
his army out ; but forth they all came in magnificent new 
uniforms, HedzofF and the Prince's two college friends 
each commanding a division, and his Majesty prancing 
in person at the head of them all. 

Ah ! if I had the pen of a Sir Archibald Alison, my 

dear friends, would I not now entertain you with the 

568 



The Rose and the Ring 

account of a most tremendous shindy ? Should not fine 
blows be struck ? dreadful wounds be delivered ? arrows 
darken the air? cannon balls crash through the battal- 
ions? cavalry charge infantry? infantry pitch into cav- 
alry ? bugles blow ; drums beat ; horses neigh ; fifes sing ; 
soldiers roar, swear, hurray; oflicers shout out: ^'For- 
ward, my men ! " " This way, lads ? " " Give it 'em, boys. 
Fight for King Giglio, and the cause of right ! " " King 
Padella forever ! " Would I not describe all this, I say, 
and in the very finest language too ? But this humble 
pen does not possess the skill necessary for the descrip- 
tion of combats. In a word, the overthrow of King 
Padella's army was so complete, that if they had been 
Russians you could not have wished them to be more 
utterly smashed and confounded. 

As for that usurping monarch, having performed acts 
of valor much more considerable than could be expected 
of a royal rufllian and usurper, who had such a bad cause, 
and who was so cruel to women  as for King Padella, 
I say, when his army ran away the King ran away too, 
kicking his first general. Prince PunchikofF, from his 
saddle, and galloping away on the Prince's horse, having 
indeed had twenty-five or twenty-six of his own shot 
under him. HedzofF coming up, and finding PunchikoflF 
down, as you may imagine very speedily disposed of him. 
Meanwhile King Padella was scampering oflF as hard as 
his horse could lay legs to ground. Fast as he scam- 
pered, I promise you somebody else galloped faster ; and 
that individual, as no doubt you are aware, was the Royal 

569 

Y '^ Vol. 4 



Fairy Tales 

Giglio, who kept bawling out ; " Stay, traitor ! Turn, 
miscreant, and defend thyself! Stand, tyrant, coward, 
ruffian, royal wretch, till I cut thy ugly head from thy 
usurping shoulders!" And with his &iry sword, which 
elongated itself at will, his Majesty kept poking and 
prodding Padella in the back, until that wicked monarch 
roared with anguish. 




When he was &irly brought to bay, Padella turned 
and dealt Prince Giglio a prodigious crack over the 
sconce with his battle-axe, a most enormous weapon, 
which had cut down I don't know how many r^ments 
in the course of the afternoon. But, Law bless you ! 
though the blow fell right down on his Majesty's helmet, 
it made no more impression than if Padella had struck 
him with a pat of butter; his battle-axe crumpled up in 
S70 



The Rose and the Ring 

Paddla's hand, and the Royal Giglio laughed for very 
scorn at the impotent efForts of that atrocious usurper. 

At the ili-success of his blow the Crim Tartar monarch 
was justly irritated. '^ If," says he to Giglio, " you ride 
a fairy horse, and wear Bury armor, what on earth is the 
use of my hitting you ? I may as well give myself up a 
prisoner at once. Your Majesty won't, I suppose, be so 
mean as to strike a poor fellow who can't strike again ? " 

The justice of Padella's remark struck the magnani- 
mous Giglio. ^ Do you yield yourself a prisoner, Pa- 
della i " says he. 

" Of course I do," says Padella. 

^' Do you acknowledge Rosalba as your rightful 
Queen, and give up the crown and ail your treasures to 
your rightful mistress ? " 

" If I must I must," says Padella, who was naturally 
yery sulky. 

By this rime King Giglio's aids-de-camp had come 
up, whom his Majesty ordered to bind the prisoner. And 
they tied his hands behind him, and bound his legs tight 
under his horse, having set him with his face to the tail ; 
and in this fashion he was led back to King Giglio's 
quarters, and thrust into the very dungeon where young 
Bulbo had been confined. 

Padella (who was a very different person in the depth 
of his distress to Padella the proud wearer of the Crim 
Tartar crown) now most affectionately and earnestly asked 
to see his son  his dear eldest boy  his darling Bulbo; 
and that good-natured young man never once reproached 

571 



Fairy Tales 

his haughty parent for his unkind conduct the day before, 
when he would have left Bulbo to be shot without any 
pity, but came to see his father, and spoke to him through 
the grating of the door, beyond which he was not al- 
lowed to go, and brought him some sandwiches from 
the grand supper which his Majesty was giving above 
stairs, in honor of the brilliant victory which had just 
been achieved. 

^^ I cannot stay with you long, sir/' says Bulbo, who 
was in his best ball dress, as he handed his father in the 
prog, ^' I am engaged to dance the next quadrille with 
her Majesty Queen Rosalba, and I hear the fiddles play- 
ing at this very moment." 

So Bulbo went back to the ball-room, and the wretched 
Padella ate his solitary supper in silence and tears. 

All was now joy in King Giglio's circle. Dancing, 
feasting, fun, illuminations, and jollifications of all sorts 
ensued. The people through whose villages they passed 
were ordered to illuminate their cottages at night, and 
scatter flowers on the roads during the day. They were 
requested, and I promise you they did not like to refuse, 
to serve the troops liberally with eatables and wine ; be- 
sides, the army was enriched by the immense quantity of 
plunder which was found in King Padella's camp, and 
taken from his soldiers, who (after they had given up 
everything) were allowed to fraternize with the conquer- 
ors, and the united forces marched back by easy stages 
toward King Giglio's capital, his royal banner and that 

572 



The Rose and the Ring 

of Queen Rosalba being carried in front of the troops. 
Hedzoff was made a Duke and a Field Marshal, Smith 
and Jones were promoted to be Earls, the Crim Tartar 
Order of the Pumpkin and the Paflagonian decoration of 
the Cucumber were freely distributed by their Majesties 
to the army. Queen Rosalba wore the Paflagonian Rib- 
bon of the Cucumber across her riding habit, while King 
Giglio never appeared without the grand Cordon of the 
Pumpkin. How the people cheered them as they rode 
along side by side ! They were pronounced to be the 
handsomest couple ever seen : that was a matter of 
course ; but they really were very handsome, and, had 
they been otherwise, would have looked so, they were so 
happy ! 

Their Majesties were never separated during the 
whole day, but breakfasted, dined, and supped together 
always, and rode side by side, interchanging elegant com- 
pliments, and indulging in the most delightful conversa- 
tion. At night, her Majesty's ladies of honor (who had 
all rallied round her the day after King Padella's defeat) 
came and conducted her to the apartments prepared for 
her ; while King Giglio, surrounded by his gentlemen, 
withdrew to his own royal quarters. It was agreed they 
should be married as soon as they reached the capital, 
and orders were despatched to the Archbishop of Blom- 
bodinga, to hold himself in readiness to perform the 
interesting ceremony. Duke HedzoflF carried the mes- 
sage, and gave instructions to have the Royal Castle 
splendidly refurnished and painted afresh. The Duke 

573 



Fairy Tales 



seized Glumboso, the Ex-Prime Minister, and made 
him refund that considerable sum of money which 
the old scoundrel had secreted out of the late King's 
treasure. He also clapped Valoroso into prison (who. 




by the way, had been dethroned for some considerable 
period past), and when the ex-monarch weakly remon- 
strated, HedzolT said: "A soldier, sir, knows but his 
duty ; my orders are to lock you up along with the Ex- 
King Padella, whom I have brought hither a prisoner 
574 



The Rose and the Ring 

a man of sense and a man of honor?" asks Giglio 
testily. ^^ Methinks she rather presumes upon her 
position." 

" Hush ! dear Giglio," says Rosalba. " You know 
Blackstick has been very kind to us, and we must not 
offend her." But the Fairy was not listening to Giglio's 
testy observations ; she had fallen back, and was trotting 
on her pony by Bulbo's side, who rode a donkey, and 
made himself generally beloved in the army by his cheer- 
fulness, kindness, and good-humor to everybody. He 
was eager to see his darling Angelica. He thought 
there never was such a charming being. Blackstick did 
not tell him it was the possession of the magic rose that 
made Angelica so lovely in his eyes. She brought him 
the very best accounts of his little wife, whose misfor- 
tunes and humiliations had indeed very greatly improved 
her ; and you see she could whisk off on her wand a 
hundred miles in a minute, and be back in no time, and 
so carry polite messages from Bulbo to Angelica, and 
from Angelica to Bulbo, and comfort that young man 
upon his journey. 

When the Royal party arrived at the last stage be- 
fore you reach Blombodinga, who should be in waiting, 
in her carriage there with her lady of honor by her side, 
but the Princess Angelica. She rushed into her hus- 
band's arms, scarcely stopping to make a passing curt- 
sey to the King and Queen. She had no eyes but for 
Bulbo, who appeared perfectly lovely to her on account 
of the fairy ring which he wore, while she herself, 

577 



Fairy Tales 

wearing the magic rose in her bonnet, seemed entirely 
beautiful to the enraptured Bulbo. 

A splendid luncheon was served to the Royal party, 
of which the Archbishop, the Chancellor, Duke HedzofF, 
Countess GrufFanuff, and all our friends partook. The 
Fairy Blackstick being seated on the left of King Giglio, 
with Bulbo and Angelica beside her. You could hear 
the joy-bells ringing in the capital^ and the guns which 
the citizens were firing off in honor of their Majesties. 

" What can have induced that hideous old Gruflfknuff 
to dress herself up in such an absurd way ? Did you 
ask her to be your bridesmaid^ my dear ? " says Giglio 
to Rosalba. " What a figure of fiin GrufFy is ! " 

Gruffy was seated opposite their Majesties, between 
the Archbishop and the Lord Chancellor, and a figure 
of fun she certainly was, for she was dressed in a low 
white silk dress, with lace over, a wreath of white 
roses on her wig, a splendid lace veil, and her yellow 
old neck was covered with diamonds. She ogled the 
King in such a manner that his Majesty burst out 
laughing. 

" Eleven o'clock ! " cries Giglio, as the great Cathe- 
dral bell of Blombodinga tolled that hour. " Gentlemen 
and ladies, we must be starting. Archbishop, you must 
be at church I think before twelve ? " 

" We must be at church before twelve,*' sighs out 
GrufiFanuflF in a languishing voice, hiding her old face 
behind her fan. 

^^And then I shall be the happiest man in my 

578 



The Rose and the Ring 

dominions," cries Giglio, with an elegant bow to the 
blushing Rosalba. 

" O my Giglio ! O my dear Majesty ! " exclaims 
GruflfanufF; '^'and can it be that this happy moment at 
length has arrived  " 

" Of course it has arrived," says the King. 

**  Aiid that I am to become the enraptured bride 
of my adored Giglio ! " continued GrufianufF. '^ Lend 
me a smelling-bottle, somebody. I certainly shall faint 
with joy." 

" Tou my bride ? " roars out Giglio. 

" Tou marry my Prince ? " cries poor little Rosalba. 

" Pooh ! Nonsense ! The woman's mad ! " exclaims 
the King. And all the courtiers exhibited, by their 
countenances and expressions, marks of surprise, or 
ridicule, or incredulity, or wonder. 

^' I should like to know who else is going to be mar- 
ried, if I am not ? " shrieks out GruffanufF. " I should 
like to know if King Giglio is a gentleman, and if there 
is such a thing as justice in Paflagonia ? Lord Chancel- 
lor ! my Lord Archbishop ! will your lordships sit by 
and see a poor, fond, confiding, tender creature put 
upon ? Has not Prince Giglio promised to marry his 
Barbara? Is not this Giglio's signature? Does not 
this paper declare that he is mine, and only mine ? " 
And she handed to his Grace the Archbishop the docu- 
ment which the Prince signed that evening when she 
wore the magic ring, and Giglio drank so much cham- 
pagne. And the old Archbishop, taking out his eye- 

579 



Fairy Tales 

glasses, read : " ' This is to give notice that I, Giglio, only- 
son of Savio, King of Paflagonia, hereby promise to 
marry the charming Barbara Griselda Countess Gruff- 
anuff and widow of the late Jenkins Gruflfanuff, Esq/ " 

** H'm," says the Archbishop, " the document is cer- 
tainly a  SL document." 

" Pooh," says the Lord Chancellor, " the signature 
is not in his Majesty's handwriting." Indeed, since his 
studies at Bosfora, Giglio had made an immense im- 
provement in caligraphy. 

" Is it your handwriting, Giglio ? " cries the Fairy 
Blackstick, with an awful severity of countenance. 

"Y  y  ^y  es," poor Giglio gasps out. "I had 
quite forgotten the confounded paper; she can't mean to 
hold me by it. You old wretch, what will you take to 
let me off? Help the Queen, some one  her Majesty 
has fainted." 

.. r-r 1 1 1 ! M > Exclaim the impetuous 

" Chop her head off ! tt . rr i ^ 

c. L L I J  I. I > I Hcdzoff, the ardent 
" Smother the old witch ! S ^  l * i r   

,,-,.,,. , ,  Smith, and the huth- 

" Pitch her into the river ! r , x 

J nil Jones. 

But GrufHinuff flung her arms round the Archbishop's 

neck, and bellowed out, "Justice, justice, my Lord 

Chancellor ! " so loudly, that her piercing shrieks caused 

everybody to pause. As for Rosalba, she was borne 

away lifeless by her ladies ; and you may imagine the 

look of agony which Giglio cast toward that lovely being, 

as his hope, his joy, his darling, his all in all, was thus 

removed, and in her place the horrid old Grufianuff 

580 



The Rose and the Ring 

rushed up to his side, and once more shrieked out, 
" Justice ! justice ! '* 

" Won't you take that sum of money which Glum- 
boso hid?" says Gigiio, ^^two hundred and eighteen 
thousand millions, or thereabouts. It's a handsome 



sum." 



^* I will have that and you too ! " says GrufianufF. 

*' Let us throw the crown jewels into the bai^n," 
gasps out Giglio. 

** I will wear them by my Giglio's side ! " says GruflF- 
anufF. 

" Will half, thre-quarters, five^sixths, nineteen-twen- 
tieths, of my kingdom do. Countess i " asks the trem- 
bling monarch. 

" What were all Europe to me without you, my Gig- 
lio?" cries Gruff, kissing his hand. 

" I won't, I can't, I sKan't,  I'll resign the crown 
first," shouts Giglio, tearing away his hand ; but Gruff 
clung to it. 

" I have a competency, my love," she says, " and 
with thee and a cottage thy Barbara will be happy." 

Giglio was half mad with rage by this time. '^ I 
will not marry her," says he. "O Fwry, Fairy, give 
me counsel 1 " And as he spoke he looked wildly round 
at the severe face of the Fairy Blacksdck. 

 ( Why is Fairy Blackstick always advising me, and 
warning me to keep my word ? Does she suppose that 
I am not a man of honor ? ' " said the Fairy, quoting 
Giglio's own haughty words. He quailed under the 

S8i 



Fairy Tales 

brightness of her eyes ; he felt that there was no escape 
for him from that awful inquisition. 

*'Well, Archbishop," said he, in a dreadful voice, 
that made his Grace start, ^* since this Fairy has led me 
to the height of happiness but to dash me down into the 
depths of despair, since I am to lose Rosalba, let me at 
least keep my honor. Get up. Countess, and let us be 
married ; I can keep my word, but I can die afterward." 

*^ O dear Giglio," cries GruffiinufF, skipping up, ^^ I 
knew, I knew I could trust thee  I knew that my Prince 
was the soul of honor. Jump into your carriages, ladies 
and gentlemen, and let us go to church at once ; and as 
for dying, dear Giglio, no, no:  thou wilt forget that 
insignificant little chambermaid of a Queen  thou wilt 
live to be consoled by thy Barbara ! She wishes to be a 
Queen, and not a Queen Dowager, my gracious Lord ! " 
and hanging upon poor Giglio's arm, and leering and 
grinning in his face in the most disgusting manner, this 
old wretch tripped off in her white satin shoes, and 
jumped into the very carriage which had been got ready 
to convey Giglio and Rosalba to church. The cannons 
roared again, the bells pealed triple-bobmajors, the peo- 
ple came out flinging flowers upon the path of the royal 
bride and bridegroom, and Gruff looked out of the gilt 
coach window and bowed and grinned to them. Phoo ! 
the horrid old wretch 1 



S82 



CHAPTER XIX 

AND NOW WE COME TO THE LAST SCENE IN THE 

PANTOMIME 

The many ups and downs of her life had given the 
Princess Rosalba prodigious strength of mind, and that 
highly principled young woman presently recovered from 
her fainting fit out of which Fairy Blackstick, by a pre- 
cious essence which the Fairy always carried in her 
pocket, awakened her. Instead of tearing her hair, cry- 
ing and bemoaning herself, and fainting again, as many 
young women would have done, Rosalba remembered 
that she owed an example of firmness to her subjects, 
and though she loved Giglio more than her life, was 
determined, as she told the Fairy, not to interfere be- 
tween him and justice, or to cause him to break his royal 
word. 

" I cannot marry him, but I shall love him always," 
says she to Blackstick : ^' I will go and be present at his 
marriage with the Countess, and sign the book, and wish 
them happy with all my heart. I will see, when I get 
home, whether I cannot make the new Queen some 
handsome presents. The Crim Tartary crown diamonds 
are uncommonly fine, and I shall never have any use 
for them. I will live and die unmarried like Queen 
Elizabeth, and, of course, I shall leave my crown to 

583 



Fairy Tales 

Giglio when I quit this world. Let us go and see them 
married, by dear Fairy, let me say my one last farewell 
to him ; and then, if you please, I will return to my 
own dominions." 

So the Fairy kissed Rosalba with peculiar tenderness, 
and at once changed her wand into a very comfortable 
coach-and-four, with a steady coachman, and two re- 
spectable footmen behind ; and the Fairy and Rosalba 
got into the coach, which Angelica and Bulbo entered 
after them. As for honest Bulbo, he was blubbering in 
the most pathetic manner, quite overcome by Rosalba's 
misfortune. She was touched by the honest fellow's 
sympathy, promised to restore to him the confiscated 
estates of Duke Padella, his father, and created him, as 
he sat there in the coach. Prince, Highness, and First 
Grandee of the Crim Tartar Empire. The coach moved 
on, and, being a fairy coach, soon came up with the 
bridal procession. 

Before the ceremony at the church it was the custom 
in Paflagonia, as it is in other countries, for the bride 
and bridegroom to sign the Contract of Marriage, which 
was to be witnessed by the Chancellor, Minister, Lord 
Mayor, and principal officers of state. Now, as the 
Royal Palace was being painted and furnished anew, 
it was not ready for the reception of the King and his 
bride, who proposed at first to take up their residence 
at the Prince's palace, that one which Valoroso occupied 
when Angelica was born, and before he usurped the 
throne. 

584 



The Rose and the Ring 

So the marriage party drove op to the palace : the 
dignitaries got out of their carriages and stood aside; 
poor Rosalba stepped out of her coach, supported by 
Bulbo, and stood almost fainting up against the railings, 
so as to have a last look at her dear Giglio. As for 
Blackstick, she, according to her custom, had flown out 
of the coach window in some inscrutable manner, and 
was now standing at the palace door. 

Giglio came up the steps with his horrible bride on 
his arm, looking as pale as if he were going to execu- 
tion. He only frowned at the Fairy Blackstick  he 
was angry with her, and thought she came to insult his 
misery. 

"Get out of the way, pray," says GruffanufF, haugh- 
tily. " I wonder why you are always poking your nose 
into other people*s affairs ? *' 

" Are you determined to make this poor young man 
unhappy ? " says Blackstick. 

" To marry him, yes ! What business is it of yours ? 
Pray, madam, don't say * you * to a Queen," cries GrufF- 
anuflF. 

" You won't take the money he oflFered you ? " 

" No." 

" You won't let him off his bargain, though you know 
you cheated him when you made him sign the paper ? " 

" Impudence ! Policemen, remove this woman ! " 
cries GruflanuflF. And the policemen were rushing for- 
ward, but with a wave of her wand the Fairy struck 
them all like so many statues in their places. 

585 



Fairy Tales 

"You won't take anything in exchange for your 
bond, Mrs. Gruf&nufF," cries the Fairy, with awful 
severity. " I speak for the last time." 

"No!" shrieks GmfiknufF, stamping with her foot. 
" I'll have my husband, my husband, my husband 1 " 





'''*^V^Z3l-v 


. 












1 


tfe 




^^^^ 


^^s^^ 




111- 







"Tou Shall have your Husband!" the Fairy 
Blackstick cried ; and advancing a step laid her hand 
upon the nose of the Knocker. 

As she touched it, the brass nose seemed to elongate, 

the open mouth opened still wider, and uttered a roar 

which made everybody start. The eyes rolled wildly ; 

the arms and legs uncurled themselves, writhed about, 

S86 



The Rose and the Ring 

and seemed to lengthen with each twist; the knocker 
expanded into a figure in yellow livery, six feet high ; 
the screws by which it was fixed to the door unloosed 
themselves, and Jenkins Grufpanuff once more trod 
the threshold off which he had been lifted more than 
twenty years ago ! 

" Master's not at home/' says Jenkins, just in his old 
voice; and Mrs. Jenkins, giving a dreadful youp^ fell 
down in a fit, in which nobody minded her. 

For everybody was shouting : " Huzzay ! huzzay ! " 
" Hip, hip, hurray ! " " Long live the King and Queen ! " 
" Were such things ever seen ? " " No, never, never, 
never ! " " The Fairy Blackstick forever ! " 

The bells were ringing double peals, the guns roaring 
and banging most prodigiously. Bulbo was embracing 
everybody ; the Lord Chancellor was flinging up his 
wig and shouting like a madman ; HedzofF' had got the 
Archbishop round the waist, and they were dancing a jig 
for joy ; and as for Giglio, I leave you to imagine what 
he was doing, and if he kissed Rosalba once, twice  
twenty thousand times, I'm sure I don't think he was 
wrong. 

So GrufianufF opened the hall door with a low bow, 
just as he had been accustomed to do, and they all went 
in and signed the book, and then they went to church 
and were married, and the Fairy Blackstick sailed away 
on her cane, and was never more heard of in Paflagonia. 

And here ends the fireside pantomime. 


