
Presented to the 

LIBRARY o/Z/z^ 

UNIVERSITY OF TORONTO 

by 

Professor Beatrice II. 
Corrigan 



Digitized by tine Internet Arciiive 

in 2007 witii funding from 

IVIicrosoft Corporation 



littp://www.arcli ive.org/details/fairygoldbookofoOOrliysuoft 



EVERYMAN'S LIBRARY 
EDITED BY ERNEST RHYS 



FOR YOUNG PEOPLE 



FAIRY GOLD 

A BOOK OF OLD ENGLISH FAIRY 
TALES CHOSEN BY ERNEST RHYS 



^i 



THE PUBLISHERS OF SF81^M^3^S 
LIB 1^1^ WILL BE PLEASED TO SEND 
FREELY TO ALL APPLICANTS A LIST 
OF THE PUBLISHED AND PROJECTED 
VOLUMES TO BE COMPRISED UNDER 
THE FOLLOWING TWELVE HEADINGS: 



TRAVEL $ SCIENCE $ FICTION 

THEOLOGY & PHILOSOPHY 

HISTORY ;$ CLASSICAL 

FOR YOUNG PEOPLE 

ESSAYS 7^ ORATORY 

POETRY & DRAMA 

BIOGRAPHY 

ROMANCE 




IN TWO STYLES OF BINDING, CLOTH, 
FLAT BACK, COLOURED TOP, AND 
LEATHER, ROUND CORNERS, GILT TOP 



London: J. M. DENT & CO. 

New York : E. P. DUTTON & CO. 



i H. M, H^ (LoRft. 



<^4V. ,q, 



1>: 



(TryyJ^MMM. 







MISJIS 
FAIRY 
GOLD. 
BOY : 1*AND 

PROVL^rSO 

o^-\ ■ ?>% • » 

SMAKLSPEARE 





^^^^^^^^ 






^^^I^^BC^l.^^ 









FAIRYGOLD 
A BOOK OF 

OLD ENGLISH 
FAIRYTALES 
CHOSEN BV 
ERNEST RHYS 




LONDON.PUBLISHEP 
byJ'MDENT- ^CO 
AND IN NEW YORK 
BY EPDUTTON ©CO 



THE PREAMBLE 




"When we came to the door of gold, 
The pipes within did whistle and play." 

HE Fairyland that is entered through the 
golden door of this book is pictured in 
tales and rhymes that have all been 
told at one time or another to English 
children. Some of these tales have 
been forgotten and some have been 
lost or long-buried, and so there are several that will 
seem new to you who read them here to-day. Such 
a story is that of the elfin Green-Knight, which is a 
case of a delightful old fairy-tale that grew into as 
delightful a romance. A romance indeed is little else 
than a fairy-tale for older folk ; and with an eye to the 
close kinship between the two the first part of this 
book of "Fairy-Gold" tries to show in a new way how 
the fairy-tale-tellers and the romancers "swapped" (as 
school-boys say) their good things. There you have 
a story like that of King Arthur and the Giant of St. 
Michael's Mount, which comes from that noble old 
romancer, Sir Thomas Malory. For a fairy-tale, like a cat, 
lias nine lives ; it can pass into many queer shapes, and 
l^pet not die. You may cut off its head, or drown it in 
sentiment or sea-water, or tie a moral to its tail; but it 
will still survive, and be found sitting safe by the fire some 
winter night. 

In some cases, north-country and other friends have 



II 



viii The Preamble 

helped me to find new versions of old favourites like " The 
Lambton Worm." And using a ballad-monger's right, I 
have put into its natural shape that other "Laidley" or 
"loathly" worm of Spindleston. Every change in these 
tales has been made with a real regard for the jealous love 
that children feel for their favourites ; and so the literary 
touches added by some earlier collectors have been got 
rid of here, and the simpler colours of folk-lore and 
nursery-lore restored. 

The genuine teller of fairy-tales long ago was an old 
woman or gossip of the Mother Goose kind. I am sure 
that "Mother Jak," who was nurse to the small prince 
who became Edward VI., was one of these. Another 
"Mother Jack,'* formerly cook and housewife at Castle 
Fortune, who nursed several of the children, has been 
made godmother to the second part of this book. It is 
sure and certain that she must have told every tale and 
sung every song there put down to her. 

This too may be said of her, — she could have told us 
many things which, now that she has long been dead, 
must remain unexplained for ever. She could have told 
you what to do if you were "pixy-led," — like that west- 
countryman " who declared and offered to take his Bible- 
oath upon it, that, as sure as ever he was alive to tell it, 
whilst his head was running round like a mill-wheel, he 
heard with his own ears they bits of Pisgies a-laughing and 
2^-tacking their hands, all to see he led-astray, and never 
able to find the right road, though he had travelled it 
scores of times long agone, by night or by day, as a body 
might tell," or she could have told you of that girl, who 
once knew a man who, "one night, could not find his 
way out of his own fields, all he could do, until he 
recollected to turn his coat" The moment he did so, he 
heard the Pixies all fly away, up into the trees, and there 
they sat and laughed. " Oh ! how they did laugh ! " 



The Preamble ix 

In " Mother Jack's Fairy Book," will be found many of 
those shorter fairy-fables and stories, which, just because 
they are brief, are in danger of being lost sight of alto- 
gether. In Part III., which follows, are fairy tales and 
poems from some later writers and poets. Among them 
will be found Browning's "Pied Piper of Hamelin," 
because there is every reason to believe that Hamelin was 
as near home as Newtown (Isle of Wight), and that " the 
river Weser deep and wide " was the Solent. Of the 
stories in the third part, one, "the Defeat of Time," is by 
Elia; "Melilot," ** Bacon Pie," and four others are from 
the "Oberon's Horn" of Henry Morley. And of the 
songs and poems, Wordsworth, Keats, Tom Hood, each, 
have given you one. It was " Robin " Herrick who wrote 
the " Queen Mab " poems and the " Fairy Beggar," that 
appear in the first part; and John Lyly who wrote the 
"Fairies' Frolic." "Catskin," in the same part, has 
simply made another change of dress, very much as she 
does in the story itself. E. R. 



CONTENTS 



PART I 

FAIRY TALES AND ROMANCES 



The Imp Tree 


PAGn 

I 


The Black Bull of Norroway 


4 


The Lambton Worm 


8 


The Laidley Worm of Spindleston 


13 


The Green Knight 


19 


The Green Children 


37 


The Story of the Fairy Horn 


39 


The Lady Mole 


41 


Catskin .... 


45 


Mr. Fox .... 


49 


"Tom Tit Tot" 


51 


The Fairy Beggar 


. 58 


The Cauld Lad of Hilton 


59 


The Fairy's Dinner 


61 


The Giant that was a Millar . 


. 63 


The Princess of Colchester 


• 65 


Lazy Jack 


70 


Robin Goodfellow 


72 


Tom Hickathrift 


78 


The Three Bears 


. 83 


The History of Tom Thumb 


88 


The Giant of Saint Michael's 


96 


The Fairies' Frolic 


102 



Xll 



Contents 



Jack and the Bean-Stalk 
Queen Mab*s Good Grace 
Old Fortunatus 
Dick Whittington and his Cat 
The King of the Vipers 
The King of the Cats . 
Chicken-Licken . 
Queen Mab's Bed 



PART II 
MOTHER JACK'S FAIRY-BOOK 

Leaf Twenty — The ** Fary " Nursling 
Leaf Twenty-Three — A Conjuration for 

Fairy .... 

Leaf Twenty-Four — The Little Fortunes 
Leaf Twenty-Five — Fairy Food 
Leaf Twenty-Six — The True History of Jack 

Sprat, his Wife and his Cat 
Leaf Twenty-Seven — The Pixy's Clothes 
Leaf Twenty-Eight — The Boggart 
Leaf Thirty — Song of the Fairy Queen 
Leaf Thirty-One — Mr. and Mrs. Vinegar 
Leaf Thirty-Two — The Fairy Fair 
t /'Leaf Thirty-Four — Cinderella, or the Little 

Glass Slipper 
Leaf Thirty- Five — The Fairy Thieves 
Leaf Thirty-Six — The Fairy Fish 
Leaf Thirty-Seven — Echeola . 
Leaf Thirty-Eight — Serra 
Leaf Thirty-Nine — The Mermaid 



Contents 

Leaf Forty — The Sleeping Beauty 

Leaf Forty-One — The Fairy Banquet 

Leaf Forty-Two — Two Charms 

Leaf Forty-Three — Little Red Riding-Hood 

Leaf Forty-Six — The Parting of the Fairies 

Leaf Forty-Nine — The Wee Wee Man 

Leaf Fifty — The Farewell to the Fairies 



Xlll 

PAGH 

181 
182 

186 
187 
189 



PART III 
LATER FAIRY TALES AND RHYMES 



Melilot . . . . . 


• 193 


The Defeat of Time 


208 


Elan the Armourer 


. 215 


The Pied Piper of Hamelin 


225 


Bacon Pie .... 


• 234 


The Stavesacre Fairies 


250 


Fairy Song .... 


268 


The Bag of Minutes 


269 


The White Doe of Rylston 


282 


La Belle Dame Sans Merci 


289 


The Magic Mackerel . . . , 


292 


Fairy Tail-Pieces , , . , 


305 



LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS 



Purse 



Heading to " The Imp Tree " . 
" The Lambton Worm " 

" She trembled in the cold sea-air, 
But his mantle has wrapt her round 
"Here we are alone; have off thy helmet 

and take thy pay at once."' 
"The Lady Mole" 
" The funniest little black thing you ever set 

EYES ON " 

" Robin Goodfellow " 

The Little Old Woman sits down in the Little 

Bear's Chair . . . , 

"Therefore arise and dress thee, thou 

Glutton; for this day thou shalt die of 

my hand " . 
The Lady then gave him a 
" The King of the Vipers " 
" Song of the Fairy Queen " 
"Mr. and Mrs. Vinegar" 
"The Fairy Thieves" . 
" The Mermaid " 
"Little Red Riding-Hood" 
"The Wee Wee Man" . 
Melilot and Sir Crucifer 
Elan the Armourer 
" Bacon Pie " 
He had a .tiny bundle in on: 

held up to Teel 
Fairy Song 
Comes gliding in serene ani 

solitary Doe! 
"La Belle Dame Sans Merci 
" The Magic Mackerel " 



HAND WHICH HE 



SLOW. 



PART I 
FAIRY TALES AND ROMANCES 



I 




<^ THE IMP TREE ^ 




strange dream 



NCE there was a King of Winchester 
called Orfeo, and dearly he loved his 
queen, Heurodis. She happened one 
hot afternoon in summer-time to be 
walking in the orchard, when she be- 
came very drowsy; and she lay down 
under an imp tree,^ and there she fell 
fast asleep. While she slept, she had a 
She dreamt that two fair knights came 
to her side, and bade her come quickly with them 
to speak to their lord and king. But she answered 
them right boldly, that she neither dared nor cared 
to go with them. So the two knights went away ; 
but very quickly they returned, bringing their king 
with them, 'and a thousand knights in his train, 
and many beauteous ladies drest in pure white, riding 
on snow-white steeds. The king had a crown on his 
head, not of silver or red-gold, but all of precious 

^ The " Imp Tree " is not as you might suppose, a tree of the imps, 
but a tree on which a branch of another tree has been "imped" or 
grafted. 
A I 



2 Fairy Gold 

stones that shone like the sun. By his side was led 
a lady's white palfrey that seemed to be prepared for 
some rider, for its saddle was empty. He commanded 
that Heurodis should be placed upon this white steed, and 
thereupon the King of Faerie and his train of knights and 
white dames, and Heurodis beside him, rode off through 
a fair country with many flowery meads, fields, forests and 
pleasant waters, where stood castles and towers amid the 
green trees. Fairest of all, on a green terrace overlooking 
many orchards and rose-gardens, stood the Faerie King's 
palace. When he had shown these things to Heurodis, he 
brought her back safe to the Imp Tree ; but he bade her, on 
pain of death, meet him under the same tree on the morrow. 

When Heurodis awoke from this dream, it was to find 
•Orfeo standing at her side. She told him of all that had 
happened ; of the Faerie King and of the green faerie 
-country she had visited. He resolved that on the morrow 
he and a thousand knights should stand armed round the 
Imp Tree to protect her from the Faerie King. And when 
■the time came, there they stood like a ring of living steel 
•or a hedge of spears, to guard Heurodis. But in spite of 
all, she was snatched away under their very eyes ; and in 
vain were all their efforts to see which way she and her 
faerie captors were gone. 

Orfeo made search for his lost queen everywhere 
•during many days, but no footstep of her was to be found 
in upper earth. And then in sorrow for her, and in 
utter despair, he left his palace at Winchester, gave 
up his throne and went into the wilderness, carrying 
only a harp for companion. With its tunes, as he 
sang to it, sorrowing for Heurodis, the wild beasts were 
enchanted and often came round about him — yea, wolf 
and fox, bear and little squirrel — to hear him play. And 
there in the forest, Orfeo (as the old story-book says) : 

* ' Often in hot undertides * 
Would see the Faerie King besides. 
The King of Faerie with his rout 
Hunt and ride all roundabout, 
With calls and elfin-horns that blew. 
And hounds that did reply thereto, 
But never pulled down hart or doe, 
And never arrow left the bow." 

■* Afternoons, 



The Imp Tree 3 

And sometimes he saw the Faerie Host pass, as if to war, 
the knights with their swords drawn, stout and fierce of 
face, and their banners flying. Other times he saw these 
faerie knights and ladies dance, dressed like guisers, with 
tabors beating and joyous trumpets blowing. And one 
day Orfeo saw sixty lovely ladies ride out to the riverside 
for falconry, each with her falcon on her bare hand, and 
in the very midst of them (oh wonder !) rode his lost queen, 
Heurodis. He determined at once to follow them ; and 
after flying their falcons they return through the forest 
at evening to a wild rocky place, where they ride into the 
rock through a rude cleft, overhung with brambles. They 
ride in, a league and more, till they come to the fairest 
country ever seen, where it is high midsummer and broad 
sunlight. In its midst stands a palace of an hundred 
towers, with walls of crystal, and windows coped and 
arched with gold. All that land was light, because when 
the night should come, the precious stones in the palace 
walls gave out a light as bright as noonday. Into this 
palace hall Orfeo entered, in the train of the ladies, and 
saw there the King of Faerie on his throne. The king 
was enraged at first when he saw the strange man enter 
with his harp. But Orfeo offers to play upon it, and 
Heurodis, when she hears, is filled with longing, while 
the Faerie King is so enchanted that he promises to 
Orfeo any gift he likes to ask out of all the riches of the 
faerie regions. But Orfeo, to this, has only one word to 
reply : — 

" Heurodis ! " 

And the King of Faerie thereupon gives her back to Orfeo, 
and they return in great joy, hand in hand together, 
through the wilderness to Winchester, where they live and 
reign together for ever afterwards in peace and happiness. 
But let none who would not be carried away like Heurodis 
to the Faerie King's country dare to sleep in the undertide 
beneath the Imp Tree. 





THE BLACK BULL OF NORROWAY 

To wilder measures next they turn : 
The black, black bull of Norroway ! 

Sudden the tapers cease to burn, 
The minstrels cease to play ! 

[NCE upon a time there lived a king who 
had three daughters; the two eldest 
were proud and ugly, but the youngest 
was the gentlest and most beautiful 
creature ever seen, and the pride not 
only of her father and mother, but of 
all in the land. As it fell out, the 
three princesses were talking one night 
of whom they would marry. "I will have no one lower 
than a king," said the eldest princess. The second 
would take a prince or a great duke even. " Pho, 
pho," said the youngest, laughing, "you are both so 
proud ; now, I would be content with the Black Bull o' 
Norroway." Well, they thought no more of the matter till 
the next morning, when, as they sat at breakfast, they 
heard the most dreadful bellowing at the door, and what 
should it be but the Black Bull come for his bride. You 
may be sure they were all terribly frightened at this, for the 
Black Bull was one of the most horrible creatures ever 
seen in the world. And the king and queen did not know 
how to save their daughter. At last they determined to 
send him off with the old henwife. So they put her on 
his back, and away he went with her till he came to a 
great black forest, when, throwing her down, he returned, 
roaring louder and more frightfully than ever. They then 
sent, one by one, all the servants, then the two eldest 
princesses ; but not one of them met with any better treat- 
ment than the old henwife, and at last they were forced to 
send their youngest and favourite child. 

Far she travelled upon the Black Bull, through many 
4 



The Black Bull of Norroway 5 

dreadful forests and lonely wastes, till they came at last to 
a noble castle, where a large company was assembled. 
The lord of the castle pressed them to stay, though much 
he wondered at the lovely princess and her strange com- 
panion. But as they went in among the guests, the 
princess espied a pin sticking in the Black Bull's hide, 
which she pulled out, and, to the surprise of all, there 
appeared not a frightful wild beast, but one of the most 
beautiful princes ever beheld. 

You may believe how delighted the princess was to see 
him fall at her feet, and thank her for breaking his cruel 
enchantment. There were great rejoicings in the castle 
at this, but alas ! in the midst of them he suddenly dis- 
appeared, and though every place was sought, he was no- 
where to be found. 

The princess, from being filled with happiness, was all 
but broken-hearted. She determined, however, to seek 
through all the world for him, and many weary ways she 
went, but for a long, long while nothing could she hear of 
her lover. Travelling once through a dark wood, she lost 
her way, and as night was coming on, she thought she 
must now certainly die of cold and hunger ; but seeing a 
light through the trees, she went on till she came to a 
little hut, where an old woman lived, who took her in, 
and gave her both food and shelter. In the morning the 
old wifie gave her three nuts, that she was not to break 
till her heart was " like to break and owre again like to 
break " ; so, showing her the way, she bade God speed 
her, and the princess once more set out on her wearisome 
journey. 

She had not gone far till a company of lords and ladies 
rode past her, all talking merrily of the fine doings they 
expected at the Duke o' Norroway's wedding. Then she 
came up to a number of people carrying all sorts of fine 
things, and they, too, were going to the duke's wedding. 
At last she came to a castle, where nothing was to be 
seen but cooks and bakers, some running one way, and 
some another, and all so busy that they did not know 
what to do first. Whilst she was looking at all this, she 
heard a noise of hunters behind her, and some one cried 
out, — 

*' Make way for the Duke o' Norroway ! " 



■ 



6 . Fairy Gold 

And who should ride past but the prince and a beautiful 
lady. 

You may be sure her heart was now " like to break and 
owre again like to break " at this sad sight, so she broke 
one of the nuts, and out came a wee wifie carding wool. 
The princess then went into the castle, and asked to see 
the lady, who no sooner saw the wee wifie so hard at 
work, than she offered the princess anything in her castle 
for it. 

" I will give it to you," said she, " only on condition 
that you put off for one day your marriage with the Duke 
o' Norroway, and that I may go into his room alone 
to-night." 

So anxious was the lady for the nut, that she consented. 
And when dark night was come, and the duke fast asleep, 
the princess was put alone into his chamber. Sitting 
down by his bedside, she began singing : — 

" Far hae I sought ye, near am I brought to ye, 
Dear Duke o' Norroway, will ye no turn and speak to me?" 

Though she sang this over and over again, the duke never 
wakened, and in the morning the princess had to leave 
him, without his knowing she had ever been there. She 
then broke the second nut, and out came a wee wifie 
spinning, which so delighted the lady, that she readily 
agreed to put off her marriage another day for it ; but the 
princess came no better speed the second night than the 
first, and, almost in despair, she broke the last nut, which 
contained a wee wifie reeling, and on the same condition 
as before, the lady got possession of it. 

When the duke was dressing in the morning, his man 
asked him what the strange singing and moaning that had 
been heard in his room for two nights meant. 

" I heard nothing," said the duke ; "it could only have 
been your fancy." 

" Take no sleeping-draught to-night, and be sure to lay 
aside your pillow of heaviness," said the man, "and 
you also will hear what for two nights has kept me 
awake." 

The duke did so, and the princess coming in, sat down 
sighing at his bedside, thinking this the last time she might 
ever see him. The duke started up when he heard the 



The Black Bull of Norroway 7 

voice of his dearly-loved princess ; and with many endear- 
ing expressions of surprise and joy, explained to her that 
he had long been in the power of a witch-wife, whose spells 
over him were now happily ended by their once again 
meeting. 

The princess, happy to be the means of breaking his 
second evil spell, consented to marry him, and the wicked 
witch-wife, who fled that country, afraid of the duke's 
anger, has never since been heard of. All was hurry and 
preparation in the castle, and the marriage which took 
place happily ended the adventures of the Black Bull o' 
Norroway, and the wanderings of the king's daughter. 






THE LAMBTON WORM 

ONG, long ago, — I cannot say how long, 
— the young heir of Lambton Castle 
led a careless, profane life, regardless 
of God and man. All his Saturday 
nights he spent in drinking, and all his 
Sunday mornings in fishing. One Sun- 
day, he had cast his line into the Water 
of Wear many times without a bite; 
and at last in a rage he let loose his tongue in curses 
loud and deep, to the great scandal of the servants and 
country folk as they passed by to the old chapel at Bruge- 
ford, which was not in ruins then. 

Soon afterwards he felt something tugging at his line, 
and trusting he had at last hooked a fine fish, he used all 
his skill to play it and bring it safe to land. But what 
were his horror and dismay on finding that, instead of a 
fish he had only caught a loathly worm of most evil 
appearance ! He hastily tore the foul thing from his hook, 
and flung it into a well close by, which is still known by 
the name of the Worm Well. 

The young heir had scarcely thrown his line again into 
the stream when a stranger of venerable appearance, 
passing by, asked him what sport he had met with ? 

He replied : "Why, truly, I think I have caught the evil 
one himself. Look in and judge." 

The stranger looked, and remarked that he had never 
seen the like of it before ; that it resembled an eft, only it 
had nine holes on each side of its mouth ; and, finally, 
that he thought it boded no good. 

The worm remained there unheeded in the well till it 
outgrew so confined a dwelling-place. It then emerged, 
and betook itself by day to the river, where it lay coiled 
round a rock in the middle of the stream, and by night to 
a neighbouring hill, round whose base it would twine 
itself, while it continued to grow so fast that it soon could 

8 



The Lambton Worm 9 

encircle the hill three times. This eminence is still called 
the Worm Hill. It is oval in shape, on the north side of 
the Wear, and about a mile and a half from old L'ambton 
Hall. 

The Lambton Worm now became the terror of the 
whole country side. It sucked the cows' milk, worried 
the cattle, devoured the lambs, and committed every sort 




of depredation on the helpless peasantry. Having laid 
waste the district on the north side of the river, it crossed 
the stream and approached Lambton Hall, where the old 
lord was living alone and desolate. His son had repented 
of his evil life, and had gone to the wars in a distant 
country. Some people say he had gone as a crusader to 
the Holy Land. 

On hearing of the dreaded Worm's approach, the 
terrified household assembled in council. Much was said, 
but to little purpose, till the steward, a man of age and 



lo Fairy Gold 

experience, advised that the large trough which stood in 
the courtyard should immediately be filled with milk. 
This was done without delay; the monster approached^ 
drank the milk, and, without doing further harm, returned 
across the Wear to wrap his giant form around his 
favourite hill. The next day he was seen recrossing the 
river; the trough was hastily filled again, and with the 
same results. It was found that the milk of " nine kye '^ 
was needed to fill the trough ; and if this quantity was not 
placed there every day, regularly and in full measure, the 
Worm would break out into a violent rage, lashing its tail 
round the trees in the park, and tearing them up by the 
roots. 

The Lambton Worm was now, in fact, the terror of the 
whole country. Many a knight had come out to fight 
with it, but all to no purpose; for it possessed the 
marvellous power of reuniting itself after being cut asunder, 
and thus was more than a match for all the knighthood of 
the North. So, after many a vain conflict, and the loss of 
many a brave man, the creature was left in possession of 
its favourite hill. 

After seven long years, however, the heir of Lambton 
returned home, to find the broad lands of his" ancestors 
waste and desolate, his people terror-stricken or in hiding, 
his father sinking into the grave overwhelmed with care 
and anxiety. He took no rest, we are told, till he had 
crossed the river and surveyed the Worm as it lay coiled 
round the foot of the Worm Hill ; then, hearing how every 
other knight and man-at-arms had failed, he took counsel 
in the matter from the Wise-woman of Chester-le-Street. 

At first the Wise- woman of Chester-le-Street did nothing 
but upbraid him for having brought this scourge upon his 
house and neighbourhood ; but when she saw that he was 
indeed penitent, and eager at any cost to remove the evil 
he had caused, she bade him get his best suit of mail 
studded thickly with spear-heads, to put it on, and thus 
armed to take his stand on the rock in the middle of the 
river Wear. There he must meet the Worm face to face, 
trusting the issue to Providence and his good sword. 
But she charged him before going to the encounter to take 
a vow, that, if successful, he would slay the first living 
thing that met him on his way homewards. Should he 



The Lambton Worm i.l 

fail to fulfil this vow, she warned him that for nine 
generations no lord of Lambton would die in his bed. 

The heir, now a belted knight, made the vow in Bruge- 
ford Chapel. He studded his armour back and breast-plate, 
greaves and armlets, with the sharpest spear- heads, and 
unsheathing his trusty sword took his stand on the rock in 
the middle of the Wear. At the accustomed hour the 
Worm uncoiled its " snaky twine," and wound its way 
towards the hall, crossing the river close by the rock on 
which the knight was standing eager for the combat. He 
struck a violent blow upon the monster's head as it passed, 
on which the creature turned on him, and writhing and 
lashing the water in its rage, flung its tail round him, as if 
to strangle him in its coils. ^ 

But the closer the Worm wrapped him in its folds the 
more deadly were its self-inflicted wounds, till at last 
the river ran crimson with its blood. As its strength 
diminished, the knight redoubled his strokes, and he was 
able at last with his good sword to cut the serpent fold by 
fold, and piece by piece asunder; each severed part was 
immediately borne away by the swiftness of the current, 
and the Worm, unable to reunite itself, was utterly 
destroyed. 

^There is a modern ballad, which describes the death-grapple of the 
Worm : — 

" The Worm shot down the middle stream 
Like a flash of living light, 
And the waters kindled round his path 
In rainbow colours bright. 

But when he saw the armed knight 

He gathered all his pride, 
And, coiled in many a radiant spire, 

Rode buoyant o'er the tide. 

When he darted at length his dragon strength 

An earthquake shook the rock ; 
The fireflakes bright fell round the knight 

But unmoved he met the shock. 

Though his heart was stout it quailed no doubt, 

His very life-blood ran cold, 
As round and round the wild Worm wound 

In many a grappling fold. " 



12 Fairy Gold 

During this long and terrible combat in the river, the 
household of Lambton had shut themselves within-doors 
to pray for their young lord, he having promised that when 
it was over he would, if conqueror, blow a blast on his 
bugle. This would assure his father of his safety, and 
warn them to let loose a favourite hound, which they had 
destined as the victim, according to the Wise-woman's 
word and the young lord's vow. When, however, the 
bugle-notes were heard within the hall, the old lord of 
Lambton forgot everything but his son's safety, and 
rushing out of doors, ran to meet and embrace him. 

The heir of Lambton felt his heart turn sick as he 
saw his old father come. What could he do ? He 
could not lift his hand against his beloved father ; 
yet how else could he fulfil his vow ? In his perplexity 
he blew another blast ; the hound was let loose, it bounded 
to its master ; the sword, yet reeking with the Lambton 
Worm's blood, was plunged into its heart. But it was all 
in vain. The vow was broken. What the Wise-woman 
of Chester-le-Street had foretold came true. The curse 
lay upon the house of Lambton for nine generations. 




THE LAIDLEY WORM OF 
SPINDLESTON^ 



THE king has sailed from Bambrough sands, 
Long may May Margaret mourn ! 
Long may she stand on the castle wall, 
Looking for his return. 

She has counted the keys of each chamber ; 

And knotted them on a string. 
She has cast them o'er her left shoulder. 

To bring good-luck to the king. 

She tripped out, she tripped in, 

She tript into the yard ; 
But it was more for the old king's sake. 

Than for the new queen's regard. 



II 

In two months but a day, the king 
Has brought his new queen home ; 

And all the lords in the north country, 
To welcome them are come. 

" And welcome, father ! " says May Margaret : 
'' Unto your halls and bowers ! 
And welcome too, my step-mother, 
For all that's here is yours ! " 

A Scots lord said, that heard her speak : 

" This Lady Margaret's grace 
Surpasseth all of womankind, 

She has so fair a face ! " 

'Worm was an old word for a serpent, and "laidley" means 
loathly, or horrible. 

13 



14 Fairy Gold 

With that the new queen turned about : — 
" You might have excepted me ; 

But I will bring May Margaret down 
To a Laidley Worm's degree. 

I will bring her low as a Laidley Worm, 
That warps ^ about the stone ; 
-■ And not, till the Childe of Wynde comes back, 
Shall her witching be undone ! " 

The princess stood at the bower door 
Laughing, — and who could blame ? 

But e'er the next day's sun went down, 
A long worm she became. 

For seven miles east, and seven miles west, 
And seven miles north and south. 

No blade of grass or corn could grow, 
So fiery was her mouth. 

The milk of seven white milch-kine. 
Was brought her at morning light ; 

The milk of seven white milch-kine, 
She drank at fall of night. 

Word went east, and word went west, 

And word went over the sea, 
That a Laidley Worm in Spindleston Heughs, 

Would ruin the North Country. 

Word went east, and word went west. 

Word went across the sea ; 
The Childe of Wynde got wit of it, 

And it fretted him wondrously. 

He called about him his men-at-arms, 
"To Bambrough we must sail : — 

And we must land by Spindleston, 
This Laidley Worm to quell." 

They built a ship without delay. 

With masts of the rowan tree. 
With fluttering sails of silk and hemp, 

And set her on the sea. 

' Wraps itself. 




The Laidley Worm 15 



III 

Next morn the wicked queen looked out, 

To see what could be seen : 
There she espied a gallant ship, 

Before the castle green. 

When she beheld the silken sails. 

Full glancing in the sun, 
To sink the ship she sent away 

Her witch-wives, every one. 

In vain, in vain ! The witch-wives came 
Back where the witch-queen stood — 

For know that witches have no power, 
Where there is rowan-tree wood. 

O, then the queen sent the Laidley Worm, 

To make the top-masts heel, — 
And the Laidley Worm has wormed the sand, 

And crept beneath the keel. 

The worm leapt up, the worm leapt down. 
And plaited around each plank ; 

And aye as the ship came near the quay. 
She heeled till she nearly sank. 

But the Childe of Wynde he put about. 
And he steered for Budley-sand ; 

And jumping into the shallow sea, 
He is safely got to land. 

And there he drew his sword of proof, 
For the worm was close behind ; 

But ere he struck he heard a voice, 
So soft as summer-wind : 

' Oh ! quit thy sword, unbend thy bow, 

And give me kisses three ; 
For though I seem a Laidley Worm 
No hurt I'll do to t'lee ! 



C.6 Fairy Gold 

Oh ! quit thy sword, unbend thy bow, 

And give me kisses three ! 
If I'm not won ere set of sun. 

Won I shall never be." 

He quitted his sword, and kissed her thrice, 

The wet sand at his feet ; 
She sank in the sand a Laidley Worm, — 

She rose lip May Margaret. 

She trembled in the cold sea-air, 
But his mantle has wrapt her round, 

And they are up to Bambrough Castle, 
As fast as horn can sound. 

The witch-queen stood upon the stair, 

Twisting her wicked hands : 
" Oh ! who is this ? " said the Childe of Wynde, 

" That on the stairway stands ? 

Woe, woe to thee, thou wicked witch. 

An ill death mayest thou die ; 
The doom thou dreed on May Margaret 

The same doom shalt thou dree. 

I will turn you into a Laidley Toad, 
That still in the clay doth wend ; 

And won, won, shalt thou never be ! 
Till this world hath an end ! " 




The Laidley Worm 



17 




SHE TREMBLED IN THE COLD SEA-AIR, 
BUT HIS MANTLE HAS WRAPT HER ROUND. 




THE GREEN KNIGHT 

I 

HEN Arthur was King of Britain, and 
so reigned, it befell one winter-tide he 
held at Camelot his Christmas feast, 
with all the knights of the Round 
Table, full fifteen days. All was joy 
then in hall and chamber; and when 
the New Year came, it was kept with 
great joy. Rich gifts were given and 
many lords and ladies took their seats at the, table, where 
Queen Guenever sat at the king's side, and a lady fairer 
of form might no one say he had ever before seen. But 
King Arthur would not eat nor would he long sit, until he 
should have witnessed some wondrous adventure. The 
first course was served with a blowing of trumpets, and 
before each two guests were set twelve dishes, and bright 
wine, for there was no want of anything. 

Scarcely had the first course commenced, when there 
rushed in at the hall-door a knight, — the tallest on earth 
he must have been. His back and breast were broad, 
but his waist was small. He was clothed entirely in green, 
and his spurs were of bright gold ; his saddle was em- 
broidered with birds and flies, and the steed that he rode 
upon was green. Gaily was the knight attired ; his great 
beard, like a green bush, hung on his breast. His horse's 
mane was decked with golden threads, and its tail bound 
with a green band ; such a horse and such a knight were 
never before seen. It seemed that no man might endure 
the Green Knight's blows, but he carried neither spear nor 
shield. In one hand he held a holly bough, and in the 
other an axe the edge of which was as keen as a sharp 
razor, and the handle was encased in iron, curiously graven 
with green. 

19 



20 Fairy Gold 

Thus arrayed, the Green Knight entered the hall, with- 
out saluting anyone ; and asked for the governor of the 
company, and looked about him for the most renowned of 
them. Much they marvelled to see a man and a horse as 
green as grass ; never before had they seen such a sight 
as this ; they were afraid to answer, and were as silent as 
if sleep had taken hold of them, some from fear, others 
from courtesy. King Arthur, who was never afraid, saluted 
the Green Knight, and bade him welcome. The Green 
Knight said that he would not tarry ; he was seeking the 
most valiant, that he might prove him. He came in 
peace ; but he had a halberd at home and a helmet too. 
King Arthur assured him that he should not fail to find an 
opponent worthy of him. 

" I seek no fight," said the knight ; " here are only 
beardless children ; here is no man to match me ; still, if 
any be bold enough to strike a stroke for another, this axe 
shall be his, but I shall give him a stroke in return within 
a twelvemonth and a day ! " 

Fear kept all silent ; while the knight rolled his red eyes 
about and bent his gristly green brows. Waving his beard 
awhile, he exclaimed, — 

" What, then — is this Arthur's Court ? Forsooth, the 
renown of the Round Table is overturned with a word of 
one man's speech ! " 

Arthur grew red for shame, and waxed as wroth as the 
wind. He assured the knight that no one was afraid of 
his great words, and seized the axe. The Green Knight, 
stroking his beard, awaited the blow, and with a dry 
countenance drew down his green coat. 

But thereupon Sir Gawayne begged the king to let him 
undertake the blow; he asked permission to leave the 
table, saying it was not meet that Arthur should take the 
game, while so many bold knights sat upon bench. Al- 
though the weakest, he was quite ready to meet the Green 
Knight. The other knights too begged Arthur to " give 
Gawayne the game." Then the king gave Gawayne, who 
was his nephew, his weapon and told him to keep heart and 
hand steady. The Green Knight inquired the name of 
his opponent, and Sir Gawayne told him his name, declar- 
ing that he was willing to give and receive a blow. 

"It pleases me well, Sir Gawayne," says the Green 



The Green Knight 21 



Knight, "that I shall receive a blow from thy fist; but 
thou must swear that thou wilt seek me to receive the 
blow in return." 

" Where shall I seek thee ? " says Sir Gawayne ; " tell 
me thy name and thy abode and I will find thee." 

" When thou hast smitten me," says the Green Knight, 
" then tell I thee of my home and name ; if I speak not 
at all, so much the better for thee. Take now thy grim 
weapon and let us see how thou strikest ? " 

" Gladly, sir, forsooth," quoth Sir Gawayne. 

And now the Green Knight puts his long, green locks 
aside, and lays bare his neck, and Sir Gawayne strikes 
hard with the axe, and at one blow severs the head from 
the body. The head falls to the earth, and many treat it 
roughly, but the Green Knight never falters ; he starts up, 
seizes his head, steps into the saddle, holding the while 
the head in his hand by the hair, and turns his horse about. 
Then lo ! the head lifts up its eyelids, and addresses Sir 
Gawayne : — 

" Look thou, be ready to go as thou hast promised, and 
seek till thou findest me. Get thee to the Green Chapel, 
there to receive a blow on New Year's morn ; fail thou 
never; come, or recreant be called." So saying, the 
Green Knight rides out of the hall, his head in his hand. 

And now Arthur addresses the queen : " Dear dame, 
be not dismayed ; such marvels well become the Christ- 
mas festival ; I may now go to meat. Sir Gawayne, hang 
up thine axe." The king and his knights sit feasting at 
the board, with all manner of meat and minstrelsy, till day 
is ended. 

" But beware. Sir Gawayne ! " said the king at its end, 
" lest thou fail to seek the adventure which thou hast 
taken in hand ! " 



I 



II 



IKE Other years, the months and seasons of this year pass 
away full quickly and never return. After Christmas 
comes Lent, and spring sets in, and warm showers descend. 
Then the groves become green ; and birds build and sing 
for joy of the summer that follows ; blossoms begin to 



22 Fairy Gold 

bloom, and noble notes are heard in the woods. With the 
soft winds of summer, more beautiful grow the flowers, 
wet with dew-drops. But then harvest approaches, and 
drives the dust about, and the leaves drop off the trees, 
the grass becomes grey, and all ripens and rots. At last, 
when the winter winds come round again, Sir Gawayne 
thinks of his dread journey, and his vow to the Green 
Knight. 

On All-Hallow's Day, Arthur makes a feast for his 
nephew's sake. After meat. Sir Gawayne thus speaks to 
his uncle : " Now, liege lord, I ask leave of you, for I am 
bound on the morrow to seek the Green Knight." 

Many noble knights, the best of the Court, counsel and 
comfort him, and much sorrow prevails in the hall, but 
Gawayne declares that he has nothing to fear. On the 
mom he asks for his arms; a carpet is spread on the 
floor, and he steps thereon. He is dubbed in a doublet 
of Tarsic silk, and a well-made hood ; they set steel shoes 
on his feet, lap his legs in steel greaves ; put on the steel 
habergeon, the well-burnished braces, elbow pieces, and 
gloves of plate: while over all is placed the coat armour. 
His spurs are then fixed, and his sword is attached to his 
side by a silken girdle. Thus attired the knight hears 
mass, and afterwards takes leave of Arthur and his Court. 
By that time his horse Gringolet was ready, the harness of 
which glittered like the gleam of the sun. Then Sir 
Gawayne sets his helmet upon his head, and the circle 
around it was decked with diamonds ; and they give him 
his shield with the "pentangle" of pure gold, devised by 
King Solomon as a token of truth ; for it is called the end- 
less knot, and well becomes the good Sir Gawayne, a 
knight the truest of speech and the fairest of form. He 
was found faultless in his five wits; the image of the 
Virgin was depicted upon his shield ; in courtesy he was 
never found wanting, and therefore was the endless knot 
fastened on his shield. 

And now Sir Gawayne seizes his lance and bids all 
^'Good-day"; he spurs his horse and goes on his way. 
All that saw him go, mourned in their hearts, and de- 
clared that his equal was not to be found upon earth. It 
would have been better for him to have been a leader of 
men, than to die by the hands of an elvish man. 



The Green Knight 23 

Meanwhile, many a weary mile goes Sir Gawayne ; now 
rides the knight through the realms of England ; he has 
no companion but his horse, and no men does he see till 
he approaches North Wales. From Holyhead he passes 
into Wirral, where he finds but few that love God or man ; 
he inquires after the Green Knight of the Green Chapel, 
but can gain no tidings of him. His cheer oft changed 
before he found the chapel ; many a cliff he climbed over, 
many a ford and stream he crossed, and everywhere he 
found a foe. It were too tedious to tell the tenth part of 
his adventures with serpents, wolves and wild men ; with 
bulls, bears and boars. Had he not been both brave and 
good, doubtless he had been dead ; the sharp winter was 
far worse than any war that ever troubled him. Thus in 
peril he travels till Christmas Eve and on the morn he 
finds himself in a deep forest, where were old oaks many 
a hundred ; and many sad birds upon bare twigs piped 
piteously for the cold. Through rough ways and deep 
mire he goes, that he may celebrate the birth of Christ 
and blessing himself he says, " Cross of Christ, speed me !" 

Scarcely had he blessed himself thrice, than he saw a 
dwelling in the wood, set on a hill, the comeliest castle 
that knight ever owned, which shone as the sun through 
the bright oaks. 

Forthwith Sir Gawayne goes to the chief gate, and finds 
the drawbridge raised, and the gates fast shut ; as he 
abides there on the bank, he observes the high walls of 
hard hewn stone, with battlements and towers and chalk- 
white chimneys ; and bright and great were its round 
towers with their well-made capitals. Oh, thinks he, if 
only he might come within the cloister. Anon he calls, 
and soon there comes a porter to know the knight's 
errand. 

"Good sir," says Gawayne, "ask the high lord of this 
house to grant me a lodging." 

"You are welcome to dwell here as long as you like," 
replied the porter. Thereupon is the drawbridge let down, 
and the gate opened wide to receive him ; and he enters 
and his horse is well stabled, and knights and squires 
bring Gawayne into the hall. Many a one hastens to take 
his helmet and sword ; the lord of the castle bids him 
welcome and they embrace each other. Gawayne looks 



24 Fairy Gold 

on his host ; a big bold one he seemed ; beaver-hued was 
his broad beard, and his face as fell as the fire. 

The lord then leads Gawayne to a chamber, and assigns 
a page to wait upon him. In this bright bower was noble 
bedding ; the curtains were of pure silk with golden hems, 
and Tarsic tapestries covered the walls and floor. Here 
the knight doffed his armour, and put on rich robes, 
which well became him : and in troth a more comely 
knight than Sir Gawayne was never seen. 

Then a chair was placed by the fireplace for him, and a 
mantle of fine linen, richly embroidered, thrown over 
him ; a table, too, was brought in, and the knight, having 
washed, was invited to sit to meat. He was served with 
numerous dishes, with fish baked and broiled, or boiled 
and seasoned with spices ; full noble feast, and much 
mirth did he make, as he ate and drank. 

Then Sir Gawayne, in answer to his host, told him he 
was of Arthur's Court ; and when this was made known, 
great was the joy in the hall. Each one said softly to his 
mate : " Now we shall see courteous manners and hear 
noble speech, for w^e have amongst us the father of all 
nurture." 

After dinner, the company go to the chapel, to hear the 
evensong of the great season. The lord of the castle and 
Sir Gawayne sit together during the service. When his 
wife, accompanied by her maids, left her seat after the 
service, she appeared even fairer than Guenever. An 
older dame led her by the hand, and very unlike they 
were ; for if the young one was fair, the other was yellow, 
and had rough and wrinkled cheeks. The younger had a 
throat fairer than snow ; the elder had black brows and 
bleared lips. With permission of the lord. Sir Gawayne 
salutes the elder, and the younger courteously kisses, and 
begs to be her servant. To the great hall then tliey go, 
where spices and wine are served : the lord takes off his 
hood, and places it on a spear : he who makes most mirth 
that Christmas-tide is to w^in it. 

On Christmas morn, joy reigns in every dwelling in the 
world ; so did it in the castle where Sir Gawayne now 
abode. The lord and the old ancient wife sit together, 
and Sir Gawayne sits by the wife of his host ; it were too 
tedious to tell of the meat, the mirth, and the joy that 



The Green Knight 25 

abounded everywhere. Trumpets and horns give forth 
their merry notes, and great was the joy for three days. 

St. John's Day was the last day of the Christmas festival, 
and on the morrow many of the guests took their de- 
parture from the castle. Its lord thanked Sir Gawayne for 
the honour and pleasure of his visit, and endeavoured to 
keep him at his court. He desired also to know what 
had driven Sir Gawayne from Arthur's Court before the 
end of the Christmas holidays ? 

Sir Gawayne replied that *' a high errand and a hasty 
one " had forced him to leave the Court. Then he asked 
his host whether he had ever heard of the Green Chapel ? 
For there he had to be on New Year's Day, and he would 
as lief die as fail in his errand. The prince tells Sir 
Gawayne he will teach him the way, and that the Green 
Chapel is not more than two miles from the castle. Then 
was Gawayne glad, and he consented to tarry awhile at the 
castle ; and its lord and castellan rejoiced too, and sent to 
ask the ladies to come and entertain their guest. And he 
asked Sir Gawayne to grant him one request that he 
would keep his chamber on the morrow's morn, as he must 
be tired after his far travel. Meanwhile his host and the 
other men of the castle were to rise very early, and go 
a-hunting. 

'' Whatsoever," said his host, " I win in the wood shall 
be yours ; and whatever hap be yours at home, I will as 
freely count as mine." And he gave Sir Gawayne in 
token a ring, which he was not to yield, no, not though it 
was thrice required of him by the fairest lady under 
heaven ! To all this Sir Gawayne gladly agreed, and so 
with much cheer, a bargain was made between them ; and 
as night drew on, each went early to his bed. 



ni 

Next morn, full early before the day, all the folk of the 
castle up-rise, and saddle their horses, and truss their 
saddle-bags. The noble lord of the castle too arrays 
himself for riding, eats a sop hastily, and goes to mass. 
Before daylight, he and his men are on their horses ; then 
the hounds are called out and coupled ; three short notes 



II 



26 Fairy Gold 

are blown by the bugles, and a hundred hunters join in 
the chase. To their stations the deer-stalkers go, and the 
hounds are cast off, and joyously the chase begins. 

Roused by the clamour the deer rush to the heights, 
but are soon driven back ; the harts and bucks are allowed 
to pass, but the hinds and does are driven back to the 
shade. As they fly they are shot by the bowmen : the 
hounds and the hunters, with a loud cry, follow in pursuit, 
and those that escape the arrows are killed by the hounds. 
The lord waxes joyful in the chase, which lasted till the 
approach of night. 

All this time. Sir Gawayne lay abed, — and woke only to 
hear afar the baying of the hounds, and so to doze again. 
But at length there befell a knock at his door, and a 
damsel entered to bid him rise, and come to meat with her 
mistress. Straightway he arose, attired himself, put the 
fair ring on his finger, that his host had given him and 
descended to greet the lady of the castle. 

"Good-morrow, fair sir," says she, "you are a late 
sleeper, I see ! " She tells him, with a laughing glance, 
that she doubts if he really be Sir Gawayne that all the 
world worships : for he cares better to sleep than to hunt 
with the knights in the wood, or talk with the ladies in 
their bower. 

" In good faith," quoth Sir Gawayne, " save this ring on 
my finger, there is nought I would not yield thee in token 
of my service and thy courtesy." 

The lady told him that if true courtesy were enclosed 
in himself, he would keep back nothing, — no, not so much 
as a ring ! But Sir Gawayne bethought him of his word 
to the lord of the castle ; of his promise also to the Green 
Knight. He may not, he says, yield up his ring ; but he 
will be forever her true servant. 

We leave now the lady and Sir Gawayne, and turn to 
tell how the lord of the land and his men end their hunt 
in wood and heath. Of the killed a " quarry " they make ; 
and set about "breaking" the deer, and take away the 
" assay " or fat ; and rend off the hide. When all is 
ready, they feed the hounds, and then they make for 
home. 

Anon Sir Gawayne hearing them approach the castle, 
goes out to meet his host. Then the lord commands all 



The Green Knight 27 

his household to assemble, and the venison to be brought 
before him ; he calls Gawayne, and asks him whether 
he does not deserve much praise for his success in the 
chase. When the knight has said that fairer venison he 
has not seen in winter, — nay, not this seven year, — his host 
doth bid him take the whole, according to the agreement 
between them made last night. Gawayne gives the knight 
a comely kiss in return, and his host desires to know if he 
too has gotten much weal at home ? 

" Nay," says Sir Gawayne, "ask me no more of that ! " 

Thereupon the lord of the castle laughed, and they went 
to supper, where were dainties new, enough and to spare. 
Anon they were sitting by the hearth, while wine is carried 
round, and again Sir Gawayne and his host renew their 
compact, as before, and so they take leave of each other 
and hasten to bed. 

Scarce had the cock cackled thrice on the morrow, 
when the lord was up, and again with his hunters and 
horns out and abroad, pursuing the chase. The hunters 
cheer on the hounds, which fall to the scent, forty at once ; 
all come together by the side of a cliif, and look about on 
all sides, beating the bushes. Out there rushes a fierce 
wild boar, who %lls three to the ground with the first 
thrust. Full quickly the hunters pursue him ; however, 
he attacks the hounds, causing them to yowl and yell. 
The bowmen send their arrows after this wild beast, but 
they glide off, shivered in pieces. Enraged with the blows, 
he attacks the hunters : then the lord of the land blows 
his bugle, and pursues the boar. 

All this time. Sir Gawayne lies abed, as on the previous 
day, according to his promise. And again, when he is 
summoned out of his late slumbers, the lady of the castle 
twits him with his lack of courtesy. 

"Sir," says she, "if ye indeed be Sir Gawayne, me- 
thinkest you would not have forgotten that which yester- 
day I taught ! " 

" What is that ? " quoth he. 

"That I taught you of giving," says she; "yet, you 
give not the ring as courtesy requires." 

"Poor is the gift," he says, "that is not given of free 
will ! " r-y 

But then the lady takes a ring from her own finger, and 



28 Fairy Gold 

bids him to keep it. " And I would hear from you," she 
says, "some stories of beautiful dames, and of feats of 
arms and th'^ deeds that become true knights." 

Sir Gawayne says he has no sleight in the telling of such 
tales, and he may not take the ring she would give him, 
but he would for ever be her servant. 

Meanwhile, the lord pursued the wild boar, that bit the 
backs of his hounds asunder, and caused the stoutest of 
his hunters to start back. At last the beast was too ex- 
hausted to run any more and entered a hole in a rock, by 
the side of a brook, the froth foaming at his mouth. 
None durst approach him, so many had he torn with his 
tusks. The knight, seeing the boar at bay, alights from 
his horse, and seeks to attack him with his sword ; the 
boar rushes out upon the man, who, aiming well, wounds 
him in the side, and the wild beast is killed by the 
hounds. 

Then was there blowing of horns and baying of hounds. 
One, wise in wood-craft, begins to unlace the boar, and 
hews off the head. Then he feeds his hounds ; and the two 
halves of the carcase are next bound together and hung 
upon a pole. The boar's head is now borne before the 
lord of the castle, who hastens home. 

Gawayne is called upon, when the hunt returns, to re- 
ceive the spoil, and the lord of the land is well pleased 
when he sees him ; and shows him the wild boar, and tells 
him of its length and breadth. "Such brawn of a beast," 
Sir Gawayne says he never has seen. To Gawayne then 
the wild boar is given, according to the covenant ; and in 
return he kisses his host, who declares his guest to be the 
best he knows. 

Tables are raised aloft, cloths laid upon them, and 
waxen torches are lighted. With much mirth and glee, 
supper is served in the hall. When they had long played 
in the hall, they went to the upper chamber, where they 
drank and discoursed. Sir Gawayne at length begs leave 
of his host to depart on the morrow ; but his host swears 
to him that he must stay, and come to the Green Chapel 
on New Year's morn long before prime. So Gawayne 
consents to remain for another night ; and full still and 
softly he sleeps throughout it. 

Early in the morning the lord of the castle is up ; after 



The Green Knight 29 

mass, a morsel he takes with his men to break his fast. 
Then were they all mounted on their horses before the 
hall-gates, and ready for the hunt. It was a clear, frosty 
morning when they rode off, and the hunters, dispersed by 
a wood's side, came upon the track of a fox, which was 
followed up by the hounds. And now they get sight 
of the game, and pursue him through many a rough grove. 
The fox at last leaps over a spinney, and by a rugged path 
seeks to get clear from the hounds ; he comes upon one 
of the hunting-stations, where he is attacked by the dogs. 
However, he slips them, and makes again for the woods. 
Then was it fine sport to listen to the hounds, and the 
hallooing of the hunters ; there the fox was threatened, 
and called a thief. But Reynard was wily, and led them 
far astray over brake and spinney. 

Meanwhile, Sir Gawayne, left at home, soundly sleeps 
within his comely curtains. At length the lady of the 
castle, clothed in a rich mantle, comes to his chamber, 
opens a window, and reproaches him : — 

" Ah ! man, how canst thou sleep ; this morning is so 
clear?" 

Sir Gawayne was, when she aroused him, dreaming of 
his forthcoming adventure at the Green Chapel, but he 
started up, and greeted his fair visitor. Again, as she had 
done before, she desired some gift by which to remember 
him when he was gone. 

"Now, sir," she entreats him, "now before thy depart- 
ing, do me this courtesy ! " 

Sir Gawayne tells her that she is worthy of a far better 
gift than he can bestow. He has no men laden with 
trunks containing precious things. 

Thereupon again the lady of the castle offers him a gold 
ring, but he refuses to accept it, as he has none that he is 
free to give in return. Very sorrowful was she on account 
of his refusal ; she takes off her green girdle, and beseeches 
him to take it. Gawayne again refuses to accept anything, 
but promises, " ever in hot and in cold, to be her true 
servant." 

" Do you refuse it," says the lady, " because it is simple ? 
Whoso knew the virtues that it possesses would highly 
prize it. For he who is girded with this green girdle cannot 
be wounded or slain." 



30 Fairy Gold 

Thereupon Sir Gawayne thinks of his adventure at the 
Green Chapel, and when she again earnestly presses him to 
take the girdle, he consents not only to take it, but to 
keep the possession of it a secret. Then she takes her 
leave; Gawayne hides the girdle, and then hies to the 
chapel, and asks pardon for any misdeeds he has ever 
done. When he returns to the hall, he makes himself so 
merry aftiong the ladies with comely songs and carols, 
that they said : "This knight was so merry never before, 
since hither he came to the castle ! " 

Meanwhile the lord of the castle was still in the field ; 
he had already slain the fox. He had spied Reynard 
coming through a "rough grove" and tried to strike him 
with his sword; but the fox was seized by one of the 
hounds. The rest of the hunters hastened thither, with 
horns full many, for it was the merriest meet that ever was 
heard ; and carrying the fox's skin and brush they all ride 
home. The lord at last alights at his dear home, where 
he finds Sir Gawayne amusing the ladies; the knight 
comes forward and welcomes his host, and according to 
covenant kisses him thrice. 

" My faith ! " says the other, " ye have had much bliss ! 
I have hunted all day and have gotten nothing but the 
skin of this foul fox, a poor reward for three such kisses." 
He then tells him how the fox was slain ; and with much 
mirth and minstrelsy they made merry until the time came 
for them to part. Gawayne takes leave of his host, and 
thanks him for his happy sojourn. He asks for a man to 
teach him the way to the Green Chapel. A servant is 
assigned him, and then he takes leave of the ladies, kissing 
them sorrowfully. They commend him to Christ. He then 
departs, thanking each one he meets for his service and 
solace ; he retires to rest, but sleeps little, for much has 
he to think of on the morrow. Let him lie there, and be 
still awhile, and I will tell what next befell him. 



IV 

Now New Year's Day has drawn nigh, and the weather is 
stormy. Snow falls and the dale is full of deep drift. 
Gawayne in his bed hears each cock that crows ; he calls 



The Green Knight 31 

for the chamberlain, and bids him bring his armour. 
Men knock off the rust from his rich habergeon, and the 
knight then calls for his steed. While he clothed himself 
in his rich garments, he forgot not the girdle, the lady's 
gift, but with it doubly girded his loins ; he wore it not for 
its rich ornaments, " but to save himself when it behoved 
him to suffer." All the people of the castle he thanked 
full oft, and then was his steed Gringolet arrayed, full 
ready to prick on. Sir Gawayne returns thanks for the 
honour and kindness shown to him by all, and then he 
steps into the saddle from the mounting-stone, and says, 
" This castle to Christ I commend ; may He give it ever 
good chance ! " 

Therewith the castle gates are opened, and the knight 
rides forth, and goes on his way accompanied by his guide. 
They ride by rocky ways and cliffs, where each hill wore a 
hat of cloud and a mist-cloak, and when it is full daylight, 
they find themselves "on a hill full high." Then his 
guide bade Sir Gawayne abide, saying, — 

*' I have brought you hither, and ye are not now far 
from the appointed place. Full perilous is it esteemed, 
its lord is fierce and stern, his body is bigger than the 
best four in King Arthur's house; none passes by the 
Green Chapel that he does not ding to death with dint of 
his hand, for be it churl or chaplain, monk, mass-priest or 
any man else, he kills them all. He has lived there long, 
and against his sore dints ye may not defend you ; where- 
fore, good Sir Gawayne, let this man alone, and go by 
some other region, and I swear faithfully that I will never 
say that ever ye attempted to flee from any man." 

Gawayne replies that to shun this danger would mark 
him as a coward knight ; to the chapel, therefore, he will 
go, though the lord thereof were the cruellest and strongest 
of men. 

" Full well," says he, "can God devise how to save His 
true servants ! " 

" Marry," quoth the other, " since it pleases thee to lose 
thy life, take thy helmet on thy head, and thy spear in thy 
hand, and ride down this path by yon rock-side, till thou 
come to the bottom of the valley. Look a little to the left, 
and thou shalt see the chapel itself and the man that 
guards it." 



32 Fairy Gold 

Having thus spoken, the guide takes leave of the 
knight. "By God's grace," says Sir Gawayne, "I 
will neither weep nor groan. To God's will I am full 
ready to bow ! " So on he rides, through the dale, and 
eagerly looks about him. He sees, however, no sign 
of a resting-place, but only high and steep banks, no 
chapel can he discern anywhere. At last he sees a 
hill by the side of a stream; thither he goes, alights, 
and fastens his horse to the branch of a tree. He 
walks round the hill, looking for the chapel, and de- 
bating with himself what it might be, and at last he 
comes upon an old cave in the crag. " Truly," he 
reflects, "a wild place is here — a fitting place for the 
Green Knight to make his devotions in evil fashion ; if 
this be the chapel it is the most cursed kirk that ever 
I saw." 

But with that, he hears a loud noise, from beyond the 
brook. It clattered like the grinding of a scythe on a 
grindstone, and whirred like a mill-stream. 

"Though my life I forego," says Gawayne, "no noise 
shall terrify me." And he cried aloud, " Who dwells here 
and will hold discourse with me." Then he heard a loud 
voice commanding him to abide where he stood, and 
soon there came out of a hole, with a fell weapon — a 
Danish axe, quite new — the Green Knight clothed just as 
Gawayne saw him long before. When he reached the 
stream, he leapt over it, and striding on, he met Sir 
Gawayne without the least obeisance. 

"God preserve thee ! " he says, "as a true knight thou 
hast timed thy travel. Thou knowest the covenant 
between us, that on New Year's Day I should return thy 
blow. Here we are alone ; have oiff thy helmet and take 
thy pay at once." 

" By my faith," quoth Sir Gawayne, " I shall not be- 
grudge thee thy will." 

Then he shows his bare neck, and appears undaunted. 
The Green Knight seizes his grim weapon, and with all 
his force raises it aloft. As it came gliding down, Sir 
Gawayne shrank a little with his shoulders, then the other 
reproved him, saying, " Thou art not that Gawayne that 
is so good esteemed, for thou fleest for fear before thou 
feelest harm. I never flinched when thou struckest ; my 



The Green Knight 



33 




The Green Knight 35 

head flew to my foot, yet I never fled ; wherefore I ought 
to be called the better man." 

" I flinched once," says Gawayne, " but will no more. 
Bring me to the point ; deal me my death-blow at once." 

'^ Have at thee, then," says the other, and with that, 
prepares to aim the fatal blow. Gawayne never flinches, 
but stands as still as a stone. 

"Now," says the Green Knight, "I must strike thee, 
since thy heart is whole." 

" Strike on," says the other. Then the Green Knight 
makes ready to strike, and lets fall his axe on the bare 
neck of Sir Gawayne. The sharp weapon pierced the 
flesh so that the blood flowed. When Gawayne saw the 
blood on the snow, he unsheathed his sword, and thus he 
spake, — 

" Cease, man, of thy blow. If thou givest me any more, 
blow for blow shall I requite thee ! We agreed only upon 
one stroke." 

The Green Knight rested on his axe, looked at Sir 
Gawayne, who appeared bold and fearless, and addressed 
him as follows, — 

" Bold knight, be not so wroth, I promised thee a stroke, 
and thou hast it. Be satisfied ; I could have dealt worse 
with thee; I menaced thee first with one blow for the 
covenant between us on the first night. Another I aimed 
at thee because of the second night. A true man should 
restore truly, and then he need fear no harm. Thou 
failed at the third time, and therefore take thee that stroke, 
for my girdle (woven by my wife) thou wearest. I know 
thy secret, and my wife's gift to thee, for I sent her to try 
thee, and faultless I found thee : but yet thou sinnedst a 
little, since thou tookest the girdle to save thy skin and for 
love of thy life." 

Sir Gawayne stands there confounded before the Green 
Knight. 

" Cursed," he says, " be cowardice and covetousness 
both ! " 

Then he takes off the girdle, and throws it to the Green 
Knight, and confesses himself to have been guilty of 
untruth. Then the other, laughing, thus spoke, — 

" Thou art confessed so clean, that I hold thee as free, 
as if thou hadst never been guilty. I give thee, Sir 



36 Fairy Gold 

Gawayne, the gold-hemmed girdle as a token of thy 
adventure at the Green Chapel. Come again to my 
castle, and abide there for the remainder of the New 
Year's festival." 

"Nay, forsooth," says Gawayne, "I have sojourned 
sadly, but bliss betide thee ! Commend me to your comely 
wife, who beguiled me; but though I be now beguiled, 
methinks I should be excused ! God reward you for your 
girdle ! I will wear it in remembrance of my fault, and 
when pride shall prick me, one look upon this green band 
shall abate it. But tell me your right name, and I shall 
have done." 

The Green Knight replies, "I am called Bernlak de 
Hautdesert, through the might of Morgan le Fay, the 
pupil of Merlin; she can tame even the haughtiest. It 
was she who caused me to test the renown of the Round 
Table, hoping to grieve Queen Guenever, and cause her 
death through fear. Morgan le Fay is even thine aunt ; 
therefore come to her, and make merry in my house." 

But Sir Gawayne refused to return with the Green 
Knight. He bade him a courteous farewell, and then he 
turned Gringolet's head again toward Arthur's hall. By 
wild ways and lonely places did he ride. Sometimes he 
harboured in a house by night, and sometimes he had to 
shift under the trees. The woundin his neck became whole, 
but he still carried about him the belt in token of his fault. 

Thus Sir Gawayne comes again at last to the Court of 
King Arthur, and great was the joy of them all to see him. 
The king and his knights ask him concerning his journey, 
and Gawayne tells them of his adventures, and of the 
Green Knight's castle and the lady, and lastly, of the 
girdle that he wore. He showed them the cut in his 
neck, and as he groaned for grief and shame, the blood 
rushed to his face. 

" Lo ! " says he, handling the green girdle, " this is the 
band of blame, a token of my cowardice and covetous- 
ness. I must needs wear it as long as I live." 

The king comforts the knight, and all the Court too. 
Each knight of the brotherhood agrees to wear a bright 
green belt for Gawayne's sake, who evermore honoured it. 
Thus in Arthur's day this adventure befell. May He who 
bore the crown of thorns, bring us to His bliss ! Amen. 




THE GREEN CHILDREN 

HAT was a wonderful thing that hap- 
pened at St. Mary's of the Wolf-pits. 
A boy and his sister were found by the 
country folk of that place near the 
mouth of a pit, who had limbs like those 
of men; but the colour of their skin 
wholly differed from that of you and 
me and the people of our upper world, 
for it was tinged all of a green colour. 

No one could understand the speech of the Green 
Children. When they were brought to the house of a 
certain knight, Sir Richard de Calne, they wept bitterly. 
Bread and honey and milk were set before them, but they 
would not touch any of these, though they were tormented 
by great hunger. At length, some beans fresh- cut were 
brought, stalks and all, into the house, and the children 
made signs, with great avidity, that the green food should 
be given to them. Thereupon they seized on it, and 
opened the bean-stalks instead of the pods, thinking the 
beans were in the hollow of the stem ; and not finding 
anything of the kind there, they began to weep anew. 
When the pods were opened and the naked beans offered 
to them, they fed on these with great delight, and for a 
long time they would taste no other food. 

The people of their country, they said, and all that was 
to be seen in that country, were of a green colour. Neither 
did any sun shine there ; but instead of it they enjoyed a 
softer light like that which shines after sunset. Being 
asked how they came into our upper world, they said that 
as they were following their green flocks, they came to a 
great cavern ; and on entering it they heard a delightful 
sound of bells. Ravished by its sweetness, they went for 
a long time wandering on and on through the cavern until 
they came to its mouth. When they came out of it, they 

37 



38 



Fairy Gold 



were struck senseless by the glaring light of the sun, and 
the summer warmth of the air ; and they thus lay for a 
long time ; then, being awaked, they were terrified by the 
noise of those who had come upon them ; they wished to 
fly, but they could not find again the entrance of the 
cavern, and so were they caught. 

If you ask what became of the Green Children, I can- 
not tell you, for no one seems to know right clearly. Per- 
chance they found their cave, and went back again to the 
Green Country, as the mermaid goes back at last to the 
sea. 





THE STORY OF THE FAIRY HORN 

[NCE upon a time there was a knight that 
had a Wyvern ^ on his shield ; but he 
was none the better for that, as you 
shall hear. 

One day as he was riding in the 
country beyond Gloucester, he came 
to a forest abounding in boars, stags, 
and every kind of wild beast. Now in a 
grovy lawn of this forest there was a little mount, rising 
in a point to the height of a man, on which knights and 
other hunters were used to ascend when fatigued with 
heat and thirst, to seek some relief. The nature of the 
place — for it is a fairy place — is, however, such that who- 
ever ascends the mount must leave his companions, and 
go quite alone. 

As the knight rode in the wood, and came nigh this 
fairy-knoll, he met with a wood-cutter and questioned him 
about it. He must go thither alone, the wood-cutter told 
him, and say, as if speaking to some other person, — 
" I thirst ! " 

Immediately there would appear a cup-bearer in a rich 
crimson dress, with a shining face, bearing in his stretched- 
out hand a large horn, adorned with gold and gems, such 
as was the custom among the most ancient English. The 
cup was full of nectar, of an unknown but most delicious 
flavour, and when it was drunk, all heat and weariness 
fled from those who drank of it, so that they became ready 
to toil anew, instead of being tired from having toiled. 
Moreover, when the nectar was drunk, the cup-bearer 
offered a towel to the drinker, to wipe his mouth with, and 
then having done this courtesy, he waited neither for a 
silver penny for his services, nor for any question to be 
asked. 

^ A Wyvern was a kind of dragon with two legs and a curled, or 
rather coiled, tail. 

39 



40 Fairy Gold 

Now the knight with the Wyvern laughed to himself 
when he heard this. 

"Who," thought he, "would be fool enough, having 
within his grasp such a drinking-horn, ever to let it go 
again from him ! " 

Later, that very same day, as he rode back hot and tired 
and thirsty from his hunting, he bethought him of the fairy- 
knoll and the fairy-horn. Sending away his followers, he 
repaired thither all alone, and did as the wood-cutter had 
told him. He ascended the little hill, and said in a bold 
voice, — 

"I thirst!" 

Instantly there appeared, as the wood-cutter had fore- 
told, a cup-bearer in a crimson dress, bearing in his 
hand a drinking-horn. The horn was richly beset with 
precious gems ; and the knight was filled with envy at 
sight of it. No sooner had he seized upon it, and tasted 
of its delicious nectar, which glowed in his veins, than he 
determined when he had drained it to make off with 
the horn. So, having gotten the horn, and drunk of it 
every drop, instead of returning it to the cup-bearer, as in 
good manners he should have done, he stepped down 
from the knoll, and rudely made off with it in his hand. 

But, learn ye then what fate overtook this knight that 
bore the Wyvern on his shield, but was without true 
knighthood, and robbed the Fairy Horn. For the good 
Earl of Gloucester, who had often quenched his thirst, 
and restored his strength, standing on the fairy-knoll, when 
he heard that the wicked knight had destroyed the kind 
custom of the horn, attacked the robber in his stronghold, 
and forthright slew him, and carried off the horn. But 
alas ! the earl did not return it to the fairy-cupbearer, but 
gave it to his master and lord, King Henry the Elder. 
Since then you may stand all day at the fairy-knoll, and 
many times cry " I thirst ! " but you may not taste of the 
Fairy Horn. 




THE LADY MOLE 

LONELY life for the dark and silent 
mole ! Day is to her night. She glides 
along her narrow vaults, unconscious 
of the glad and glorious scenes of 
earth and air and sea. She was born, 
as it were, in a grave ; and in one 
long, living sepulchre she dwells and 
dies. Is not existence to her a kind 
of doom ? Wherefore is she thus a dark, sad exile from the 
blessed light of day ? Hearken ! 

Here, in our bleak old Cornwall, the first mole was 
once a lady of the land. Her abode was in the far west, 
among the hills of Morwenna, beside the Severn Sea. 
She was the daughter of a lordly race, the only child of 
her mother, and the father of the house was dead : her 
name was Alice of the Combe. Fair was she and comely, 
tender and tall ; and she stood upon the threshold of her 
youth. But most of all did men marvel at the glory of 
her large blue eyes. They were, to look upon, like the 
summer waters, when the sea is soft with light. They 
were to her mother a joy, and to the maiden herself, ah, 
benedicite ! a pride. She trusted in the loveliness of those 
eyes, and in her face and features and form ; and so it 
was that the damsel was wont to pass the whole summer 
day in the choice of rich apparel and precious stones and 
gold. Howbeit this was one of the ancient and '^ommon 
usages of those old departed days. Now, in the fashion 
of her stateliness and in the hue and texture of her gar- 
ments, there was none among the maidens of old Cornwall 
like Alice of the Combe. Men sought her far and near, 
but she was to them all, like a form of graven stone, 
careless and cold. Her soul was set upon a Granville's 
love, fair Sir Beville of Stowe — the flower of the Cornish 
chivalry — that noble gentleman ! That valorous knight ! 

41 



42 Fairy Gold 

he was her star. And well might she wait upon his eyes ; 
for he was the garland of the west. The loyal soldier of 
a Stuart king — he was that stately Granville who lived a 
hero's life and died a warrior's death ! He was her star. 
Now there was a signal made of banquet in the halls of 
Stowe, of wassail and dance. The messenger had sped, 
and Alice of the Combe would be there. Robes, precious 
and many, were unfolded from their rest, and the casket 
poured forth jewel and gem, that the maiden might stand 
before the knight victorious. It was the day — the hour — 
the time — her mother sat at her wheel by the hearth — the 
page waited in the hall — she came down in her loveliness, 
into the old oak room, and stood before the mirrored 
glass — her robe was of woven velvet, rich and glossy and 
soft ; jewels shone like stars in the midnight of her raven 
hair, and on her hand there gleamed afar off a bright and 
glorious ring ! She stood — she gazed upon her own fair 
countenance and form, and worshipped ! " Now all good 
angels succour thee, my Alice, and bend Sir Beville's soul ! 
Fain am I to greet thee wedded wife before I die ! I do 
yearn to hold thy children on my knee ! Often shall 1 pray 
to-night that the Granville heart may yield ! Ay, thy 
victory shall be thy mother's prayer." " Prayer ! " was the 
haughty answer, "now, with the eyes that I see in that 
glass, and with this vesture meet for a queen, I lack no 
trusting prayer ! " Saint Juliet shield us ! Ah ! words of 
fatal sound — there was a sudden shriek, a sob, a cry, and 
where was Alice of the Combe ? Vanished, silent, gone ! 
They had heard wild tones of mystic music in the air, 
there was a rush, a beam of light, and she was gone, and 
that for ever ! East sought they her, and west, in northern 
parts and south ; but she was never more seen in the land. 
Her mother wept till she had not a tear left ; none sought 
to comfort her, for it was vain. Moons waxed and 
waned, and the crones by the cottage hearth had whiled 
away many a shadowy night with tales of Alice of the 
Combe. But at the last, as the gardener in the pleasaunce 
leaned one day on his spade, he saw among the roses a 
small round hillock of earth, such as he had never seen 
before, and upon it something which shone. It was her 
ring ! It was the very jewel she had worn the day she 
vanished out of sight ! They looked earnestly upon it, and 



The Lady Mole 



43 

they saw within the border, for it was wide, the tracery of 
certain small fine runes, in the ancient Cornish tongue, 
which said, — 

*' Beryan erde 
Ayn und perde ! " 

Then came the priest of the place of Morwenna, a grey 
and silent man. He had served long years at his lonely 




altar, a worn and solitary form. But he had been wise in 
language in his youth, and men said that he heard and 
understood voices in the air when spirits speak and glide. 
He read and he interpreted thus the legend on the 
ring,— 

" The earth must hide 
Both eyes and pride ! " 

Now as on a day he uttered these words, in the pleas- 
aunce, by the mound, on a sudden there was among the 
grass a low faint cry. They beheld, and oh, wondrous 
and strange ! There was a small dark creature, clothed in 
a soft velvet skin in texture and in hue like the Lady Alice 



44 Fairy Gold 

her robe, and they saw, as it groped into the earth, that 
it moved along without eyes, in everlasting night ! Then 
the ancient man wept, for he called to mind many things 
and saw what they meant ; and he showed them how that 
this was the maiden, who had been visited with a doom 
for her pride ! Therefore her rich array had been changed 
into the skin of a creeping thing, and her large proud eyes 
were sealed up, and she herself had become — 



THE FIRST MOLE OF THE HILLOCKS OF CORNWALL 



Ah, woe is me and well-a-day ! that damsel so stately 
and fair, sweet Lady Alice of the Combe, should become, 
for a judgment, the dark mother of the moles ! Now take 
ye good heed, Cornish maidens, how ye put on vain 
apparel to win love ! And cast down your eyes, all ye 
damsels of the west, and look meekly on the ground ! Be 
ye ever good and gentle, tender and true ; and when ye 
see your own image in the glass, and ye begin to be lifted 
up with the loveliness of that shadowy thing, call to mind 
the maiden of the vale of Morwenna, her noble eyes and 
comely countenance, her vesture of price, and the glitter- 
ing ring ! Sit ye by the wheel as of old they sate, and 
when ye draw forth the lengthening wool, sing ye ever- 
more and say, — 

'* Beryan erde 
Ayn und perde ! " 




CATSKIN 




INCE upon a time there was a little girl 
who, when she came into the world, 
found she was not wanted there, for 
her father had long wished for a son 
and heir, and when a daughter was 
born instead, he fell into a blind rage 
and said, "She sha'n't stay long in my 
house ! " 

Her mother became very sad at this, and fearing her 
father's hatred, sent away the poor little babe to a foster- 
nurse, who lived in a house by a great oak wood. There 
the child lived till she was fifteen summers old. Then her 
old foster-mother died, but before she died, she told the 
poor child at her bedside, to hide all her pretty white frocks 
in the wood by the crystal waterfall that sounded there all 
day long among the oak leaves. Then she was to put on 
a dress of catskin the old dame gave her, and go and seek 
a place as a servant-maid far away in the town. 

Catskin (for so she must now be called) did as the old 
dame had told her, and presently set off all alone in her 
travels. She wandered a long way, and at last came to the 
town, and to a great house. There she knocked at the 
gate, and begged the porter for a place as a servant. He 
sent her upstairs then to speak to the lady of the house, 
who looked hard at poor Catskin, and patted her on the 
head, and ended by saying, — 

" I'm sorry I've no better place for you, my dear, but 
you can be a scullion under the cook, if you like ! " 

So Catskin was put under the cook, and a very sad life 
she led with her, for as often as the cook got out of temper 
she took a ladle and broke it over poor Catskin's head. 
Well, time went on and there was to be a grand ball in the 
town. 
_ 45 



46 Fairy Gold 

" Oh, Mrs. Cook," said Catskin, " how much I should 
like to go ! " 

" You go, with your catskin robe, among the fine ladies 
and lords, you dirty slut, a very fine figure you'd make ! " 
And with that she took a basin of water and dashed it in 
poor Catskin's face. 

But Catskin briskly shook her ears and went off to her 
hiding-place in the wood; and there, as the old song 
says, — 

" She washed every stain from her skin, 
In some crystal waterfall ; 
Then put on a beautiful dress, 
And hasted away to the ball." 



II 

When she entered the ladies were mute, overcome by her 
beauty ; but the lord, her young master, at once fell in 
love with her. He prayed her to be his partner in the 
dance. To this Catskin said " Yes," with a sweet smile. 
All that evening with no other partner but Catskin would 
he dance. 

" Pray tell me, fair maid," he said at last, " where you 
live ? " For now was the sad parting time ; "but no other 
answer would she give him than this distich, — 

" Kind sir ^ if the truth I must telh 

At the sign of the Basin of Water I dwell.'''' 

Then Catskin flew from the ballroom and put on her 
furry robe again, and slipt into the kitchen unseen by the 
cook, who little thought where her scullion had been. 
The very next day the young squire told his mother he 
would never rest till he'd found out this beautiful maid, 
and who she was, and where she lived. 

Well, time went on, and another grand ball was to be 
given in the town. When Catskin heard of it, — '* Mrs. 
Cook, oh, Mrs. Cook," she cried, " how much I should 
like to go ! " 

" You go with your catskin robe among the fine lords 
and ladies, you dirty slut ! a very fine figure you'd make ! " 
And in a great rage she took the ladle and struck poor 
Catskin's head a terrible blow. 



Catskin 47 

But off went Catskin, none the worse, shaking her ears, 
and swift to her forest she fled. And there, as the old 
song says, — 

" She washed every blood-stain off, 
In some crystal waterfall ; 
Put on a more beautiful dress, 
And hasted away to the ball." 



Ill 

Now at the ballroom door the young squire was in waiting ; 
he longed to see nothing so much as the beautiful 
Catskin again. When she arrived he asked her to dance, 
and again she said " Yes " with the same smiling look as 
before. 

And again all the night he would have none but pretty 
Catskin for his partner. 

" Pray tell me," said he, presently, " where you live ? " 
for now the time came for parting. 

But Catskin no other answer would give than this 
distich, — 

*' Kind sir, if the truth I must tell. 
At the sign of the Broken- Ladle I dwelV^ 

Then she flew from the ball, put on her catskin robe 
under the dark oak trees, and slipt back into the kitchen 
unseen by the cook, who little thought where she had 
been. 

But now the grandest ball of the whole year was to be 
held in the town. And just as she had done before, 
when Catskin heard of it, she resolved that go she must, 
Mrs. Cook or no Mrs. Cook. 

" Mrs. Cook," said Catskin to her one evening, "have 
you heard of the grand ball ? How much I should like 
to go ! " 

" You go? " said Mistress Cook as before, " with your 
catskin robe, you impudent girl ! among the fine ladies 
and lords, a very fine figure you'd cut." 

In a fury she snatched up the skimmer, and broke it on 
Catskin's head ; but heart-whole and as lively as ever, 



48 Fairy Gold 

away to the oakwood Catskin flew ; and there, as the old 
song says, — 

" She washed the stains of blood, 
In ;;he crystal waterfall ; 
Then put on her most beautiful dress, 
And hastened away to the ball." 



IV 

At the ballroom door the young squire stood waiting, 
dressed in a velvet coat. He longed to see nothing so 
much as the beautiful Catskin again. When he asked her 
to dance, she agreed with a smile, and again all the night 
long, with none but fair Catskin would he dance. 

" Pray tell me, fair maid, where you live ? " he »&ikecj 
her when the parting-time came ; but she had no^-otheir 
answer for him than this distich, — 

" Kind sir, if the truth 1 must tell. 
At the sign of the Broken- Skinuner I dwell. " 



V 

Then she flew from the ball to the oakwood, and threw on 
her catskin cloak again. She slipt into the house unseen 
by the cook, but not unseen by the young squire ; for 
this time he had followed too fast, and hid himself in the-- 
forest, and saw the strange disguise she put on there. 

Next day he took to his bed and sent for the doctor to 
come, and said he should die if Catskin did not come to 
see him. Well, Catskin was sent for, and he told her how 
dearly he loved her ; indeed, if she did not love him, his 
heart would break. 

Then the doctor, who knew how proud the old lady his 
mother was, promised to ask her consent to their wedding. 
Had she not feared her son would die, her pride would 
never have yielded; but after a hard struggle she said 
"Yes!" 

The sick young squire got quickly well, when he heard 
this good tidings. And so it was Catskin, before a twelve- 
month was gone, when the oakwood grew green again, was 
married to him, and they lived happily for ever after. 




MR. FOX 

" Like the old tale, my Lord : it is not so, nor 'twas not so ; but 
indeed, God forbid it should be so." Much Ado About Nothing. 

NCE upon a time there was a young lady 
called Lady Mary, who had two brothers. 
One summer they all three went to a 
country seat of theirs, which they had 
not before visited. Among the other 
gentry in the neighbourhood who came 
to see them was a Mr. Fox, a bachelor, 
with whom they, and the young lady 
particularly, were much pleased. He used often to dine 
with them, and frequently invited Lady Mary to come 
and see his house. One day that her brothers were 
absent elsewhere, and she had nothing better to do, she 
determined to go thither, and accordingly set out un- 
attended. When she arrived at the house and knocked 
at the door, no one answered. 

At length she opened it and went in ; over the portal of 
the door was written, — 

" Be bold, be bold, but not too bold." 

She went on ; over the staircase was the same inscription, — 

'* Be bold, be bold, but not too bold." 

She went up ; over the entrance of a gallery was the same 
again,— 

"Be bold, be bold, but not too bold." 

Still she went on, and over the door of a chamber found 
vvritten, — 

" Be bold, be bold, but not too bold, 
Lest that your heart's blood should run cold ! " 

Lady Mary opened it; it was full of skeletons. She 
letreated in haste, and, coming downstairs, saw from a 
Mvindow Mr. Fox advancing towards the house with a drawn 
D 49 



50 Fairy Gold 

sword in one hand, while with the other he dragged along 
a young lady by her hair. She had just time to slip down 
and hide herself under the stairs before Mr. Fox and his 
victim arrived at the foot of them. As he pulled the 
young lady upstairs, she caught hold of one of the banisters 
with her hand, on which was a rich bracelet. Mr. Fox cut 
it off with his sword. The hand and bracelet fell into 
Lady Mary's lap, who then contrived to escape unobserved, 
and got safe home to her brothers' house. 

A few days afterwards Mr. Fox came to dine with them 
as usual. After dinner the guests began to amuse each 
other with stories and strange anecdotes, and Lady Mary 
said she would relate to them a remarkable dream she had 
lately had. 

"I dreamt," said she, "that as you, Mr. Fox, had often 
invited me to your house, I would go there one morning. 
When I came to the house I knocked at the door, but no 
one answered. When I opened the door, over the hall I 
saw written, — 

" * Be bold, be bold, but not too bold.' 

"But," said she, turning to Mr. Fox, and smiling, "it is 
not so, nor it was not so." 

She pursued the rest of the story in the same way, con- 
cluding at every turn with, " it is not so, nor it was not so," 
till she came to the room full of skeletons, when Mr. Fox 
took up the burden of the tale, and said, — 

"It is not so, nor it was not so, 
And God forbid it should be so ! " — 

He continued to repeat this at every further turn of the 
dreadful tale, till she came to the cutting-off the young 
lady's hand, when, upon his saying, as usual, — 

*' It is not so, nor it was not so, 
And God forbid it should be so ! " — 

Lady Mary retorts by saying, — 

*' But it is so, and it was so, 
And here the hand I have to show ! " — 

at the same moment producing the hand and bracelet from 
her lap, whereupon the guests drew their swords and 
instantly cut Mr. Fox into a thousand pieces. 




"TOM TIT TOT" 

|NCE upon a time there were a woman, 
and she baked five pies. And when 
they come out of the oven, they was 
that overbaked the crust were too hard 
to eat. So she says to her darter, — 

" Maw'r," ^ says she, " put you them 
there pies on the shelf, an' leave 'em 
there a little, an' they'll come again." 
— She meant, you know, the crust would get soft. 

But the gal, she says to herself: "Well, if they'll come 
agin, I'll ate 'em now." And she set to work and ate 'em 
all, first and last. 

Well, come supper-time, the woman she said : " Goo 
you, and git one o' them there pies. I dare say they've 
come agin now." 

The gal she went an' she looked, and there wam't 
nothin' but the dishes. So back she come and says she : 
" Noo, they ain't come agin." 

" Not none on 'em ? " says the mother. 
"Not none on 'em," says she. 

" Well, come agin, or not come agin," says the woman, 
" I'll ha' one for supper." 

" But you can't, if they ain't come," says the gal. 
" But I can," says she. " Goo you and bring the best of 
'em." 

" Best or worst," says the gal, " I've ate 'em all, and 
you can't ha' one till that's come agin." 

Well, the woman she were wholly bate,^ and she took her 
spinnin' to the door to spin, and as she span she sang, — 

" My darter ha' ate five, five pies to-day. 
My darter ha' ate five, five pies to-day." 

The king he were a-comin' down the street, an' he heard 
^ Lass, girl. 2 Beaten. 



52 Fairy Gold 

her sing, but what she sang he couldn't hear, so he stopped 

and said, — 

" What were that you was a-singing of, maw'r ? " 

The woman she were ashamed to let him hear what her 

darter had been a-doin', so she sang, 'stids ^ o' that, — 

" My darter ha' spun five, five skeins to-day. 
My darter ha' spun five, five skeins to-day." 

" S'ars o' mine ! " said the king, " I never heerd tell of 
any one as could do that." 

Then he said : " Look you here, I want a wife, and I'll 
marry your darter. But look you here," says he, " 'leven 
months out o' the year she shall have all the vittles she 
likes to eat, and all the gowns she likes to get, and all the 
company she likes to have ; but the last month o' the year 
she'll ha' to spin five skeins every day, an' if she doon't, I 
shall kill her." 

"All right," says the woman; for she thought what a 
grand marriage that was. And as for them five skeins, 
when it came to the time, there'd be plenty o' ways of 
getting out of it, and likeliest, he'd ha' forgot about it. 

Well, so they was married. An' for 'leven months the 
gal had all the vittles she liked to ate, and all the gowns 
she liked to get, and all the company she liked to have. 

But when the time was gettin' oover, she began to think 
about them there skeins an' to wonder if he had 'em in 
mind. But not one word did he say about 'em, an' she 
wholly thought he'd forgot 'em. 

But the last day o' the last month he takes her to a 
room she'd never sets eyes on afore. There wom't no- 
thing in it but a spinnin'-wheel and a stool. An' says he : 
"Now, my dear, here yow'll be shut in to-morrov.^ with 
some vittles and some flax, and if you hain't spun five 
skeins by the night, your head will goo off." 
An' awa' he went about his business. 
Well, she were that frightened, she'd alius been such a 
useless mawther, that she didn't so much as know how to 
spin, an' what were she to do to-morrow, with no one to 
come nigh her to help her. She sat down on a stool in 
the kitchen, and lawk ! how she did cry ! 

However, all on a sudden she heard a sort of a knockin' 
' Instead. 



" Tom Tit Tot " 53 

low down on the door. She upped and oped it, an' what 
should she see but a small little black thing with a long 
tail. That looked up at her right curious, an' that said, — 

" What are you a-cryin' for ? " 

" Wha's that to you ? " says she, 

"Never you mind," that said, ''but tell me what you're 
a-cryin' for." 

" That won't do me no good if I do," says she. 

" You don't know that," that said, an' twirled that's tail 
round. 

" Well," says she, " that won't do no harm, if that don't 
do no good," and she upped and told about the pies and 
the skeins, and everything. 

" This is what I'll do," says the little black thing, " I'll 
come to your window every morning and take the flax and 
bring it spun at night." 

" What's your pay?" says she. 

That looked out o' the corner o' that's eyes, and that 
said : " I'll give you three guesses every night to guess my 
name, an' if you hain't guessed it afore the month's up, 
you shall be mine." 

Well, she thought she'd be sure to guess that's name 
afore the month was up. " All right," says she, " I agree." 

" All right," that says, an' lawk ! how that twirled that's 
tail. 

Well, the next day, the king he took her into the room, 
an' there was the flax an' the day's vittles. 

" Now there's the flax," says he, " an' if that ain't spun 
up this night, off goes your head." An' then he went out 
an' locked the door. 

He'd hardly gone when there was a knockin' on the 
window. 

She upped and she oped it, and there sure enough was 
the little old thing a-settin' on the ledge. 

" Where's the flax ? " says he. 

" Here it be," says she. And she gonned ^ it to him. 

Well, in the evening a knockin' came again to the 
window. She upped and she oped it, and there were the 
little old thing with five skeins of flax on his arm. 

" Here te be," says he, and he gonned it to her. 

" Now, what's my name ? " says he. 
' Gave. 



54 Fairy Gold 

" What, is that Bill ? " says she. 
" Noo, that ain't," says he, an' he twirled his tail. 
" Is that Ned ? " says she. 

" Noo, that ain't," says he, an' he twirled his tail. 
" Well, is that Mark ? " says she. 

"Noo, that ain't," says he, an' he twirled his tail harder 
an' away he flew. 

Well, when her husband he come in, there was the 
five skeins ready for him. " I see I sha'n't have for to kill 
you to-night, my dear," says he ; " you'll have your vittles 
and your flax in the mornin'," says he, an' away he goes. 

Well, every day the flax an' the vittles they was 
brought, an' every day that there little black impet 
used for to come mornings and evenings. An' all the 
day the mawther she set a-trying for to think of names 
to say to it when it come at night. But she never hit 
on the right one. An' as it got towards the end o' the 
month, the impet that began for to look so maliceful, 
an' that twirled that's tail faster an' faster each time 
she gave a guess. 

At last it came to the last day but one. The impet, 
that came at night along o' the five skeins, and that said, — 

" What, ain't you got my name yet ? " 

" Is that Nicodemus ? " says she. 

" Noo, t'ain't," that says. 

" Is that Sammle ? " says she. 

" Noo, t'ain't," that says. 

" A- well, is that Methusalem ? " says she. 

"Noo, t'ain't that neither," that says. 

Then that looks at her with that's eyes like a coal 
o' fire, an' that says : " Woman^ there's only to-morrow 
night, an' then you'll be mine ! " An' away it flew. 

Well, she felt that horrid. Howsomeover, she heard 
the king a-comin' along the passage. In he came, an' 
when he see the five skeins, he says, says he, — 

"Well, my dear," says he, "I don't see but what 
you'll have your skeins ready to-morrow night as well, 
an' as I reckon I sha'n't have to kill you, I'll have supper 
in here to-night." So they brought supper an' another 
stool for him, and down the two they sat. 

Well, he hadn't eat but a mouthful or so, when he 
stops an' begins to laugh. 



"Tom Tit Tot" 



55 




«*THE FUNNIEST LITTLE BLACK. THING YOU EVER SET 
■«- EYES ON." 




/ 



^^TomTitTot" 57 

" What is it ? " says she. 

"A-why," says he, "I was out a huntin' to-day, an' 
I got away to a place in the wood I'd never seen afore. 
An' there was an old chalk-pit. An' I heard a sort of 
a hummin', kind o'. So I got off my hobby,^ an' I 
went right quiet to the pit, an' I looked down. Well, 
what should there be but the funniest little black thing 
you ever set eyes on. An' what was that a-doing on, 
but that had a little spinnin'-wheel, an' that were a-spinnin' 
wonderful fast, an' a-twirlin' that's tail. An' as that span, 
that sang : 

"'Nimmy Nimmv Not 

My name's TOM TIT TOT.'" 

Well, when the mawther heard this, she fared as if 
she could ha' jumped out of her skin for joy, but she 
didn't say a word. 

Next day that there little thing looked so maliceful 
when he came for the flax. And when night came, she 
heard that a-knockin' on the window panes. She oped 
the window, an' that come right in on the ledge. That 
were grinnin' from ear to ear an' Oo ! that's tail were 
twirlin' round so fast. 

"What's my name?" that says, as that gonned her 
the skeins. 

" Is that Solomon ? " she says, pretendin' to be afeard. 

" Noo, t'ain't," that says, and that come further into the 
room. 

" Well, is that Zebedee ? " says she again. 

'' Noo, t'ain't," says the impet. An' then that laughed 
an' twirled that's tail till you couldn't hardly see it. 

" Take time, woman," that says ; " next guess, and you're 
mine." An' that stretched out that's black hands at her. 

Well, she backed a step or two, an' she looked at it, 
and then she laughed out, and says she, a-pointin' of 
her finger at it, — 

" Nimmy Nimmv Not 
Yar name's TOM TIT TOT." 

Well, 'when that heard her, that shrieked awful and away 
that flew into the dark, and she never saw it no more. 

^ Horse. 



THE FAIRY BEGGAR 

PLEASE, your grace, from out your store 
Give an alms to one that's poor. 
That your mickle may have more. 
Black I'm grown for want of meat ; 
Give me then an ant to eat, 
Or the cleft ear of a mouse 
Over-soured in drink of souce ; 
Or, sweet lady, reach to me 
The abdomen of a bee ; 
Flour of fuz-balls, that's too good 
For a man in needy-hood : 
But the meal of mill-dust can 
Well content a craving man ; 
Any arts the elves refuse 
Well will serve the beggar's use. 
But if this may seem too much 
For an alms, then give me such 
Little bits that nestle there 
In the pris'ner's pannier. 
So a blessing light upon 
You and mighty Oberon : 
That your plenty last till when 
I return your alms again. 




58 



THE CAULD LAD OF HILTON 




T Hilton Hall, in the pleasant vale of 
the Wear, there used to be in the old 
days, a Brownie called The Cauld Lad. 
Every night the menservants who 
slept in the great hall heard him at 
work in the kitchen, knocking the 
things about if they had been set in 
order, or putting them straight, if the 
place was untidy. The servant-folk soon resolved to banish 
him if they could, and The Cauld Lad, who seemed to 
know of their design, was often heard singing in a melan- 
choly tone, — 

" Wae's me ! wae's me ! 

► The acorn is not yet 

Fallen from the tree, 
That's to grow the wood, 
That's to make the cradle. 
That's to rock the bairn. 
That's to grow to a man, 
That's to lay me." 

The maidservants, however, knew the old way of 
banishing a Brownie ; one night they left a green cloak 
and hood for The Cauld Lad by the kitchen fire, and 
remained on the watch. At midnight they saw him 
come in, gaze at the new clothes, try them on, and, 
apparently in great delight, go jumping and frisking 
about the kitchen. But at the first crow of the cock he 
vanished crying, — 

" Here's a cloak, and here's a hood ! 
The Cauld Lad of Hilton will do no more good ;" 

and he never again returned to the kitchen ; yet it was 
said that he might still be heard at midnight singing 
those lines in a tone of melancholy. 

59 



tah 



6o 



Fairy Gold 



There was one room at Hilton Hall long called The 
Cauld Lad's Room, and it was never occupied unless 
the house was full of company ; and many folk heard, 
late and early, The Cauld Lad wailing in the night : — 

" Here's a cloak, and here's a hood ! 
The Cauld Lad of Hilton will do no more good ! " 




H . C 



THE FAIRY'S DINNER 

A LITTLE mushroom-table spread, 
After short prayers they set on bread, 
A moon-parched grain of purest wheat 
With some small glitt'ring grit, to eat 
His choice bits with ; then in a trice 
They make a feast less great than nice. 
But all this while his eye is served, 
We must not think his ear was starved ; 
But that there was in place to stir 
His spleen, the chirring grasshopper. 
The merry cricket, puling fly, 
The piping gnat for minstrelsy. 
And now, we must imagine first. 
The elves present, to quench his thirst, 
A pure seed-pearl of infant dew. 
Brought and besweetened in a blue 
And fragrant violet ; which done, 
His kitling eyes begin to run 
Quite through the table, where he spies 
The horns of papery butterflies. 
Of which he eats ; and tastes a little 
Of that we call the cuckoo's spittle. 
A little fuz-ball pudding stands 
By, yet not blessed by his hands, 
That was too coarse ; but then forthwith 
He ventures boldly on the pith 
Of sugared rush, and eats the sagg 
And well bestrutted bee's sweet bag ; 
Gladding his palate with some store 
Of emmets' eggs ; what would he more. 
But beards of mice, a newt's stewed thigh, 
A bloated earwig, and a fly ; 
With the red-capped worm, that's shut 
Within the concave of a nut, 
6i 



62 Fairy Gold 



Brown as his tooth. A little moth, 

Late fattened in a piece of cloth ; 

With withered cherries, mandrake's ears, 

Mole's eyes ; to these the slain stag's tears ; 

The unctuous dewlaps of a snail, 

The broke-heart of a nightingale 

O'ercome in music ; with a wine 

Ne'er ravished from the flattering vine, 

Brought in a dainty daisy, which 

He fully quaffs up to bewitch 

His blood to height ; this done, commended 

Grace by his priest ; the feast is ended. 





THE GIANT THAT WAS A MILLER 

|NCE upon a time there was a Giant that 
was a miller. He lived in Yorkshire at 
a place called Dalton. His mill has 
been rebuilt; but when 1 was a boy 
there, the great old building still stood. 
In front of the house was a long mound, 
which went by the name of "the 
Giant's grave," and in the mill was 
shown a long blade of iron something like a scythe- 
blade, but not curved, which was the Giant's knife. 
Now, the Giant who lived at Dalton mill, ground men's 
bones to make his bread. 

One day he captured a lad called Jack, on Pilmoor, 
and instead of grinding him body and bones in the mill 
he kept him as his servant, and never let him get away. 
Jack served the Giant many years, and never was allowed 
a holiday. At last he could bear it no longer. Topcliffe 
fair was coming on, and very hard Jack entreated that he 
might be allowed to go there to see the lasses and buy 
some fairings. The Giant surlily refused leave ; but Jack 
resolved to take it. 

The day was hot, and after dinner the Giant lay 
down in the mill with his head on a sack and dozed. 
He had been eating in the mill, and had laid down a 
great loaf of bone bread by his side, and the knife was 
in his hand, but his fingers relaxed their hold of it in 
sleep. Jack seized the moment, drew the knife away, 
and holding it with both his hands drove the blade into 
the single eye of the giant, who woke with a howl of 
agony, and starting up barred the door. Jack thought 
he was dead and done for, then ; but he soon found a 
way out. The Giant had a favourite dog, which lay 
sleeping in the corner by the fire ; but sprang up when 

63 



64 



Fairy Gold 



his master was blinded. Jack killed the dog with the 
fire-tongs, skinned it while his master was getting the 
knife out of his eye, and throwing the hide over his 
back ran on all-fours barking between the legs of the 
Giant, and so escaped. 




H. c 





s 


L 




^^^s 



THE PRINCESS OF COLCHESTER 

ONG before Arthur and the Knights of 
the Round Table, there reigned in the 
eastern part of England a king who 
kept his Court at Colchester. He was 
witty, strong, and valiant, by which 
means he subdued his enemies abroad, 
and planted peace among his subjects 
at home. Nevertheless, in the midst 
of all his glory, his queen died, leaving behind her an only 
daughter, about fifteen years of age. This little lady, from 
her courtly carriage, beauty and affability, was the wonder 
of all that knew her. 

But as covetousness is the root of all evil, so it 
happened here. The king, hearing of a rich dame, who 
had an only daughter, for the sake of her riches had a 
mind to marry her ; and though she was old, ugly, hook- 
nosed, and hump-backed, yet all this could not deter 
him from doing so. Her daughter was a yellow dowdy, 
full of envy and ill-nature; and, in short, was much of 
the same mould as her mother. This signified nothing, 
for in a few weeks the king, attended by the nobility 
and gentry brought his new queen home to his palace. 
She had not been long in the Court before she set the 
king against his own beautiful daughter, by false reports 
and evil tales. 

The young princess, having lost her father's love, 
grew weary of the Court, and one day, meeting with 
her father in the garden, she desired him, with tears in 
her eyes, to give her a small pittance, and she would 
go and seek her fortune; to which the king consented, 
and ordered her mother-in-law to make up a small sum 
according to her discretion. She went to the queen, 
who gave her a canvas bag of brown bread and hard 
cheese, with a bottle of beer ; though this was but a 
very pitiful dowry for a king's daughter. 
E 65 



66 Fairy Gold 

She took it, returned thanks, and proceeded on^ her 
journey, passing through groves, woods, and valleys, till 
at length she saw an old man sitting on a stone at the 
mouth of a cave. 

"Good morrow, fair maiden," he said, "whither away 
so fast?" 

"Aged father," says she, "lam going to seek my 
fortune." 

" What hast thou in thy bag and bottle ? " 

"In my bag I have got bread and cheese, and in 
my bottle good small beer. Will you please to partake 
of either ? " 

"Yes," said he, "with all my heart." 

With that the lady pulled out her provisions, and bade 
him eat and welcome. 

He did so, and gave her many thanks, and then he 
said to her : " There is a thick thorny hedge before you, 
which will appear impassable, but take this wand in 
your hand, strike three times, and say, ' Pray, hedge, let 
me come through,' and it will open immediately; then, 
a little further, you will find a well; sit down on 
the brink of it, and there will come up three golden 
heads, which will speak ; and whatever they require, that 
do ! " 

Promising she would, she took her leave of him. 
Coming to the hedge, she pursued the old man's direc- 
tions; it opened, and gave her a passage; then, coming 
to the well, she had no sooner sat down than a golden 
head came up singing, — 

" Wash me, and comb me, 
And lay me down softly. " 

"Yes," said she, and putting forth her hand, with a 
silver comb performed the office, placing it upon a prim- 
rose bank. 

Then came up a second and a third head, saying the 
same as the former. And again she complied, and then 
pulling out her provisions ate her dinner. 

Then said the heads one to another, "What shall we 
do for this lady who hath used us so kindly ? " 

The first said, " I will add such grace to her beauty as 
shall charm the most powerful prince in the world." 



II 



The Princess of Colchester 67 

The second said, " I will endow her with fragrance 
such as shall far exceed the sweetest flowers." 

The third said, "My gift shall be none of the least, 
for, as she is a king's daughter, I'll make her so fortunate 
that she shall become queen to the greatest prince that 
reigns." 

This done, at their request she let them down into the 
well again, and so proceeded on her journey. 

She had not travelled long before she saw a king hunt- 
ing in the park with his nobles. She would have shunned 
him, but the king, having caught a sight of her, approached, 
and what with her beauty and grace, was so powerfully 
charmed that he fell in love with her at sight. Forthwith 
he offered her the finest horse in his train to ride upon ; 
and so, bringing her to his palace, he there caused her to 
be clothed in the most magnificent manner with white and 
gold raiment. 

This being ended, when the king heard that she w^as 
the King of Colchester's daughter he ordered some 
chariots to be got ready, that he might pay her father a 
visit. The chariot in which the king and queen rode 
was adorned with rich ornamental gems of gold. Her 
father was at first astonished that his daughter had been 
so fortunate as she was, till the young king made him 
sensible of all that happened. Great was the joy at 
Court amongst all, with the exception of the queen and 
her club-footed daughter, who were ready to burst with 
malice and envy of her happiness ; and the greater was 
their madness because she was now above them all. 
Great rejoicings, with feasting and dancing, continued 
many days. Then at length, with the dowry her father 
gave her, they returned home. 

The hump-backed sister-in-law, perceiving that her 
sister was so happy in seeking her fortune, would needs 
do the same ; so, disclosing her mind to her mother, 
all preparations were made, and she was furnished not 
only with rich apparel, but sugar, almonds, and sweet- 
meats, in great quantities, and a large bottle of Malaga 
sack. 

Thus provided, she went the same road as her sister ; 
and coming near the cave, the old man said, "Young 

oman, whither so fast ? " 



68 Fairy Gold 

" What is that to you ? " said she. 

"Then," said he, "what have you in your bag and 
bottle?" 

She answered, "Good things, which you shall not be 
troubled with." 

" Won't you give me some ? " said he. 

"No, not a bit, nor a drop, unless it would choke 
you." 

The old man frowned, saying, " Evil fortune attend 
thee ! " 

Going on, she came to the hedge, through which 
she espied a gap, and thought to pass through it; but, 
going in, the hedge closed, and the thorns ran into her 
flesh, so that it was with great difficulty that she got 
out. Being now in a most sad condition, she searched 
for water to wash herself, and looking round, she saw the 
well. 

She sat down on the brink of it, and one of the heads 
came up, saying, "Wash me, comb me, and lay me down 
softly." But she banged it with her bottle, saying, " Take 
this for your washing." 

Then the second and third heads came up, and met 
with no better treatment than the first; whereupon the 
heads consulted among themselves what evils to plague 
her with for such usage ! 

The first said, " Let her be struck with leprosy ! " 

The second, " Let her hair turn into packthread ! " 

The third bestowed on her for a husband but a poor 
country cobbler. 

This done, she went on till she came to a town, and it 
being market-day, the people looked at her, and seeing 
such a leper's face, all fled but a poor country cobbler. 
Now, not long before he had mended the shoes of an old 
hermit, who, having no money, gave him a box of ointment 
for the cure of the leprosy. So the cobbler, having a mind 
to do an act of charity, went up to her and asked her who 
she was ? 

" I am," said she, " the King of Colchester's daughter- 
in-law." 

"Well," said the cobbler, "if I restore you to your 
natural complexion, and make a sound cure of you, will 
you take me for a husband? " 



The Princess of Colchester 



69 



"Yes, friend," replied she; "with all my heart ! " 
With this the cobbler applied his ointment, and it 
worked a cure in a few weeks; after which they were 
married, and so set forth for the Court at Colchester. 

When the queen understood her dear daughter had 
married nothing but a poor cobbler, she fell into fits of 
rage, and hanged herself in wrath. The death of the ugly 
old queen pleased the king, who was glad to be rid of her 
so soon, and he gave the cobbler a hundred pounds to 
quit the Court with his lady, and take her to a remote 
part of the kingdom. There he lived many years mending 
shoes, his wife spinning thread, and I hope she made him 
happy. 





LAZY JACK 

A STORY WITHOUT A MORAL 

INCE upon a time there was a boy whose 
name was Jack, and he lived with his 
mother upon a dreary common. They 
were very poor, and the old woman 
got her living by spinning ; but Jack 
was so lazy that he would do nothing 
but bask in the sun in the hot weather, 
and sit by the corner of the hearth in 
the winter-time. His mother could not persuade him to 
do anything for her, and was obliged at last to tell him 
that if he did not begin to work for his porridge, she 
would turn him out to get his living as he could. 

This threat at length roused Jack, and he went out and 
hired himself for the day to a farmer for a penny ; but as 
he was coming home, never having had any money before, 
he lost it in passing over a brook. "You stupid boy,'' 
said his mother, "you should have put it in your pocket." 
" I'll do so another time," replied Jack. 

The next day Jack went out again, and hired himself to 
a cowkeeper, who gave him a jar of milk for his day's 
work. Jack took the jar and put it into the large pocket 
of his jacket, spilling it all long before he got home. 
" Dear me ! " said the old woman, " you should have 
carried it on your head." " I'll do so another time," 
replied Jack. 

The following day Jack hired himself again to a farmer, 
who agreed to give him a cream cheese for his services. 
In the evening Jack took the cheese and went home with 
it on his head. By the time he got home the cheese was 
completely spoilt, part of it being lost and part melted in 
his hair. " You stupid lout," said his mother, " you should 
have carried it very carefully in your hands." " I'll do so 
another time," replied Jack. 

70 



Lazy Jack 71 

The day after this Jack again went out, and hired him- 
self to a baker, who would give him nothing for his work 
but a large tom cat. Jack took the cat, and began carrying 
it very carefully in his hands, but in a short time Pussy 
scratched him so much that he was compelled to let it go. 
When he got home his mother said to him, '' You silly 
fellow, you should have tied it with a string and dragged 
it along after you." " I'll do so another time," said Jack. 

The next day Jack hired himself to a butcher, who 
rewarded his labours with a handsome present of a 
shoulder of mutton. Jack took the mutton, tied it to a 
string, and trailed it along after him in the dirt, so that by 
the time he got home the meat was completely spoilt. 
His mother was this time quite out of patience with Jiim, 
for the next day was Sunday, and she was obliged to con- 
tent herself with cabbage for her dinner. " You hinny- 
hammer," said she to her son, "you should have carried 
it on your shoulder." " I'll do so another time," replied 
Jack. 

On the Monday Jack went once more, and hired himself 
to a cattle-keeper, who gave him a donkey for his trouble. 
Although Jack was very strong, he found some difficulty 
in hoisting the donkey on his shoulders, but at last he 
managed it, and began walking home with his prize. Now, 
it happened that in the course of his journey there lived a 
rich man with his only daughter, a beautiful girl, but 
unfortunately deaf and dumb. She had never laughed in 
her life, and the doctors said she would never recover till 
somebody made her laugh. Many tried without success, 
and at last the father, in despair, offered to marry her to 
the first man who could make her laugh. This young 
lady happened to be looking out of the window when Jack 
was passing with the donkey on his shoulders, the legs 
sticking up in the air, and the sight was so comical and 
strange, that she burst out into a great fit of laughter, and 
immediately recovered her speech and hearing. Her 
father was overjoyed, and fulfilled his promise by marrying 
her to Jack, who was thus made a rich man for life. They 
lived in a large house, and Jack's mother lived with them 
in great happiness until she died. 



ROBIN GOODFELLOW 



I 




|NCE upon a time, a great while ago, when 
men did eat and drink less, and were 
more honest, and knew no knavery, 
there was wont to walk many harmless 
spirits called fairies, dancing in brave 
order in fairy rings on green hills with 
sweet music. Sometimes they were in- 
visible, and sometimes took divers 
shapes. Many mad pranks would they play, as pinching of 
untidy damsels black and blue> and misplacing things in 
ill-ordered houses ; but lovingly would they use good girls, 
giving them silver and other pretty toys, which they would 
leave for them, sometimes in their shoes, other times in 
their pockets, sometimes in bright basons and other clean 
vessels. 

Now it chanced that in those happy days, a babe was 
born in a house to which the fairies did like well to repair. 
This babe was a boy, and the fairies, to show their pleasure, 
brought many pretty things thither, coverlets and delicate 
linen for his cradle ; and capons, woodcock and quail for 
the christening, at which there was so much good cheer 
that the clerk had almost forgot to say the babe's name, 
— Robin Goodfellow. So much for the birth and christen- 
ing of little Robin. 



II 

When Robin was grown to six years of age, he was so knavish 
that all the neighbours did complain of him ; for no sooner 
was his mother's back turned, but he was in one knavish 
action or other, so that his mother was constrained (to 
avoid the complaints) to take him with her to market, or 
wheresoever she went or rode. But this helped little or 

72 



Robin Goodfellow 73 

nothing, for if he rode before her, then would he make 
mouths and ill-favoured faces at those he met : if he rode 
behind her, then would he clap his hand on the tail ; so 
that his mother was weary of the many complaints that 
came against him. Yet knew she not how to beat him 
justly for it, because she never saw him do that which was 
worthy blows. The complaints were daily so renewed that 
his mother promised him a whipping. Robin did not like 
that cheer, and therefore, to avoid it, he ran away, and left 
his mother a-sorrowing for him. 

After Robin had travelled a good day's journey from his 
mother's house he sat down, and being weary he fell asleep. 
No sooner had slumber closed his eyelids, but he thought 
he saw many goodly proper little personages in antic 
measures tripping about him, and withal he heard such 
music, as he thought that Orpheus, that famous Greek 
fiddler (had he been alive), compared to one of these had 
been but a poor musician. As delights commonly last not 
long, so did those end sooner than Robin would willingly 
they should have done ; and for very grief he awaked, and 
found by him lying a scroll wherein was written these lines 
following in golden letters, — 

" Robin, my only son and heir. 
How to live take thou no care : 
By nature thou hast cunning shifts, 
Which I'll increase with other gifts. 
Wish what thou wilt, thou shall it have ; 
And for to fetch both fool and knave, 
Thou hast the power to change thy shape, 



I 



To horse, to hog, to dog, to ape. 

Transformed thus, by any means 

See none thou harm'st but knaves and queanes : 

But love thou those that honest be, 

And help them in necessity. 

Do thus and all the world shall know 

The pranks of Robin Goodfellow, 

For by that name thou called shall be 

To age's last posterity ; 

And if thou keep my just command, 

One day thou shall see Fairy Land ! " 



Robin, having read this, was very joyful, yet longed he 
to know whether he had the power or not, and to try it he 
wished for some meat ; presently a fine dish of roast veal 
was before him. Then wished he for plum-pudding ; he 



II 



74 Fairy Gold 

straightway had it. This liked him well, and because he 
was weary, he wished himself a horse : no sooner was his 
wish ended, but he was changed into as fine a nag as you 
need see, and leaped and curveted as nimbly as if he had 
been in stable at rack and manger a full month. Then he 
wished himself a black dog, and he was so ; then a green 
tree, and he was so. So from one thing to another, till he 
was quite sure that he could change himself to anything 
whatsoever he liked. 

Thereupon full of delight at his new powers, Robin 
Goodfellow set out, eager to put them to the test. 

As he was crossing a field, he met with a red-faced 
carter's clown, and called to him to stop. 

"Friend," quoth he, "what is a clock?" 

" A thing," answered the clown, "that shows the time 
of the day." 

"Why then," said Robin Goodfellow, "be thou a clock 
and tell me what time of the day it is." 

" I owe thee not so much service," answered the clown 
again, " but because thou shalt think thyself beholden to 
me, know that it is the same time of the day as it was 
yesterday at this time ! " 

These shrewd answers vexed Robin Goodfellow, so that 
in himself he vowed to be revenged of the clown, which he 
did in this manner. 

Robin Goodfellow turned himself into a bird, and 
followed this fellow who was going into a field a little from 
that place to catch a horse that was at grass. The horse 
being wild ran over dyke and hedge, and the fellow after, 
but to little purpose, for the horse was too swift for him. 
Robin was glad of this occasion, for now or never was the 
time to have his revenge. 

Presently Robin shaped himself exactly like the horse 
that the clown followed, and so stood right before him. 
Then the clown took hold of the horse's mane and got on 
his back, but he had not ridden far when, with a stumble, 
Robin hurled his rider over his head, so that he almost 
broke his neck. But then again he stood still, and let the 
clown mount him once more. 

By the way which the clown now would ride was a great 
pond of water of a good depth, which covered the road. 
No sooner did he ride into the very middle of the pond, 



Robin Goodfellow 



75 



than Robin Goodfellow turned himself into a fish, and so 
left him with nothing but the pack-saddle on which he was 
riding betwixt his legs. Meanwhile the fish swiftly swam 
to the bank. And then Robin, changed to a naughty boy 




again, ran away laughing, " Ho^ ho, hoh,''^ leaving the poor 
clown half drowned and covered with mud. 



Ill 

As Robin took his way then along a green hedge-side he 
fell to singing, — 

*' And can the doctor make sick men well ? 
And can the gipsy a fortune tell 
Without lily, germander, and ccckle-shell ? 
With sweet-brier, 
And bon-fire 
And straw-berry wine. 
And columbine. 




76 Fairy Gold 

When Saturn did live, the sun did shine, 
The king and the beggar on roots did dine, 
With lily, germander, and sops in wine. 

With sweet-brier, 

And bon-fire. 

And straw-berry wine, 

And columbine." 

And when he had sung this over, he fell to wondering 
what he should next turn himself into. Then as he saw 
the smoke rise from the chimneys of the next town, he 
thought to himself, it would be to him great sport to walk 
the streets with a broom on his shoulder, and cry 
" Chimney sweep." 

But when presently Robin did this, and one did call 
him, then did Robin run away laughing, " Ho^ ho, hoh ! " 

Next he set about to counterfeit a lame beggar, — 
begging very pitifully, but when a stout chandler came out 
of his shop to give Robin an alms, again he skipped off 
nimbly, laughing, as his naughty manner was. 

That same night, he did knock at many men's doors, 
and when the servants came out, he blew out their candle 
and straightway vanished in the dark street, with his 
'' Ho, ho, hoh P' 

All these mirthful tricks did Robin play, that day and 
night, and in these humours of his he had many pretty 
songs, one of which I will sing as perfect as I can. He 
sang it in his chimney-sweeper's humour to the tune of, 
^^ I have been a fiddler these fifteen years.'''' 

*' Black I am from head to foot, 

And all doth come by chimney soot. 
Then, maidens, come and cherish him 
That makes your chimneys neat and trim. " 

But it befell that, on the very next night to his playing 
the chimney-sweep, Robin had a summons from the land 
where there are no chimneys. 

For King Oberon, seeing Robin Goodfellow do so many 
merry tricks, called him out of his bed with these words, 
saying,— 

•' Robin, my son, come quickly rise : 

First stretch, then yawn, and rub your eyes ; 
For thou must go with me to-night, 
And taste of Fairy-land's delight." 



Robin Goodfellow 



77 



Robin, hearing this, rose and went to him. There were 
with King Oberon many fairies, all attired in green. All 
these, with King Oberon, did welcome Robin Goodfellow 
into their company. Oberon took Robin by the hand and 
led him a fair dance : their musician had an excellent bag- 
pipe made of a wren's quill and the skin of a Greenland 
fly. This pipe was so shrill, and so sweet, that a Scottish 
pipe compared to it, it would no more come near it than a 
Jew's-harp doth to an Irish harp. After they had danced, 
King Oberon said to Robin, — 



P 



" Whene'er you hear the piper blow. 
Round and round the fairies go ! 
And nightly you must with us dance, 
In meadows where the moonbeams glance, 
And make the circle, hand in hand — 
That is the law of Fairy-land ! 
There thou shalt see what no man knows ; 
While sleep the eyes of men doth close ! 



So marched they, with their piper before, to the Fairy 
Land. There did King Oberon show Robin Goodfellow 
many secrets, which he never did open to the world. And 
there, in Fairy Land, doth Robin Goodfellow abide now 
this many a long year. 





TOM HICKATHRIFT 

ONG before William the Conqueror, 
there dwelt a man in the Isle of Ely, 
named Thomas Hickathrift, a poor 
labouring man, but so strong that he 
was able to do in one day the ordinary 
work of two. He had an only son, 
whoni he christened Thomas, after his 
own name. The old man put his son 
to good learning, but he would take none, for he was none 
of the wisest, but something soft, and had no docility at all 
in him. God calling this good man, the father, to his rest, 
his mother, being tender of him, kept him by her hard 
labour as well as she could ; but this was no easy matter, 
for Tom would sit all day in the chimney-corner, instead 
of doing anything to help her, and although at the time 
we are speaking of he was only ten years old, he would 
eat more than four or five ordinary men, and was five feet 
and a half in height, and two feet and a half broad. His 
hand was more like a shoulder of mutton than a boy's 
hand, and he was altogether like a little monster ; but yet 
his great strength was not known. 

Tom's strength came to be known in this manner : his 
mother, it seems, as well as himself, for they lived in the 
days of merry old England, slept upon straw. Now, being 
a tidy old creature, she must every now and then have a 
new bed, and one day having been promised a bottle of 
straw by a neighbouring farmer, after much begging, she 
got her son to fetch it. Tom, however, made her borrow 
a cart-rope first, before he would budge a step, without 
saying what he wanted it for ; but the poor woman, too 
glad to gain his help upon any terms, let him have it at 
once. Tom, swinging the rope round his shoulders, went 
to the farmer's, and found him with two men threshing in 
a barn. Having told what he wanted, the farmer said he 
might take as much straw as he could carry. Tom at 

78 



Tom Hickathrift 79 

once took nim at his word, and, placing the rope in a 
right position, rapidly made up a bundle, containing at 
least a cartload, the men jeering at him all the while. 
Their merriment, however, did not last long, for Tom 
flung the enormous bundle over his shoulders, and walked 
away with it without any difficulty, and left them all gaping 
after him. 

After this exploit Tom was no longer allowed to be idle. 
Every one tried to secure his services, and we are told 
many tales of his mighty strength. On one occasion, 
having been offered as great a bundle of firewood as he 
could carry, he marched off with one of the largest trees 
in the forest. Tom was also extremely fond of attending 
fairs; and in cudgelling, wrestling, or throwing the 
hammer, there was no one who could compete with him. 
He thought nothing of flinging a huge hammer into the 
middle of a river a mile off", and, in fact, performed such 
extraordinary feats, that the folk began to have a fear of 
him. 

At length a brewer at Lynn, who required a strong lusty 
fellow to carry his beer to the Marsh and to Wisbeach, 
after much persuasion, and promising him a new suit of 
clothes and as much as he liked to eat and drink, secured 
Tom for his business. The distance he daily travelled 
with the beer was upwards of twenty miles, for although 
there was a shorter cut through the Marsh, no one durst 
go that way for fear of a monstrous giant, who was lord of 
a portion of the district, and who killed or made slaves of 
every one he could lay his hands upon. 

Now, in the course of time, Tom was thoroughly tired 
of going such a roundabout way, and without telling his 
plans to any one, he resolved to pass through the giant's 
domain, or lose his life in the attempt. This was a bold 
undertaking, but good living had so increased Tom's 
strength and courage, that venturesome as he was before, 
his hardiness was so much increased that he would have 
faced a still greater danger. He accordingly drove his 
cart in the forbidden direction, flinging the gates wide 
open, as if for the purpose of making his daring more 
plain to be seen. 

At length he was espied by the giant, who was in a rage 
at his boldness, but consoled himself by thinking that 



8o Fairy Gold 

Tom and the beer would soon become his prey. " Sirrah," 
said the monster, "who gave you permission to come this 
way ? Do you not know how I make all stand in fear of 
me? and you, like an impudent rogue, must come and 
fling my gates open at your pleasure ! Are you careless of 
your life ? Do not you care what you do ? But I will 
make you an example for all rogues under the sun ! Dost 
thou not see how many thousand heads hang upon yonder 
tree — heads of those who have offended against my laws ? 
But thy head shall hang higher than all the rest for an 
example ! " But Tom made him answer : " A dishclout 
in your teeth for your news, for you shall not find me to 
be one of them." " No ! " said the giant, in astonishment 
and indignation ; "and what a fool you must be if you 
come to fight with such a one as I am, and bring never 
a weapon to defend yourself ! " Quoth Tom, " I have a 
weapon here that will make you know you are a traitorly 
rogue." This speech highly incensed the giant, who 
immediately ran to his cave for his club, intending to 
dash out Tom's brains at one blow. Tom was now much 
distressed for a weapon, as by some chance he had forgot 
one, and he began to reflect how very little his whip 
would help him against a monster twelve feet in height 
and six feet round the waist. But while the giant was 
gone for his club, Tom bethought himself, and turning his 
cart upside down, adroitly takes out the axletree, which 
would serve him for a staff, and removing a wheel, fits it 
to his arm instead of a shield — very good weapons indeed 
in time of trouble, and worthy of Tom's wit. When the 
monster returned with his club, he was amazed to see the 
weapons with which Tom had armed himself; but utter- 
ing a word of defiance, he bore down upon the poor fellow 
with such heavy strokes that it was as much as Tom could 
do to defend himself with his wheel. Tom, however, at 
length cut the giant a heavy blow with the axletree on the 
side of his head, that he nearly reeled over. " What ! " 
said Tom, " have you drunk of my strong beer already ? " 
This inquiry did not, as we may suppose, mollify the 
giant, who laid on his blows so sharply and heavily that 
Tom was obliged to defend himself. By-and-bye, not 
making any impression on the wheel, he got almost tired 
out, and was obliged to ask Tom if he would let him 



Tom Hickathrift 8i 

drink a little, and then he would fight again. "No," said 
Tom, " my mother did not teach me that wit : who would 
be fool then ? " The end may readily be imagined ; Tom 
having beaten the giant, cut off his head, and entered the 
cave, which he found completely filled with gold and 
silver. 

The news of this victory rapidly spread throughout the 
country, for the giant had been a common enemy to the 
people about. They made bonfires for joy, and showed 
their respect to Tom by every means in their power. A 
few days afterwards Tom took possession of the cave and 
all the giant's treasure. He pulled down the former, and 
built a magnificent house on the spot ; but as for the land 
stolen by the giant, part of it he gave to the poor for their 
common, merely keeping enough for himself and his good 
old mother, Jane Hickathrift. 

Tom was now a great man and a hero with all the country 
folk, so that when any one was in danger or difficulty, it 
was to Tom Hickathrift he must turn. It chanced that 
about this time many idle and rebellious persons drew 
themselves together in and about the Isle of Ely, and set 
themselves to defy the King and all his men. 

By this time, you must know, Tom Hickathrift had 
secured to himself a trusty friend and comrade, almost his 
equal in strength and courage, for though he was but a 
tinker, yet he was a great and lusty one. Now the sheriff 
of the county came co Tom, under cover of night, full of 
fear and trembling, and begged his aid and protection 
against the rebels, " else," said he, " we be all dead men ! " 
Tom, nothing loth, called his friend the tinker, and as 
soon as it was day, led by the sheriff, they went out armed 
with their clubs to the place where the rebels were 
gathered together. When they were got thither, Tom and 
the tinker marched up to the leaders of the band, and 
asked them why they were set upon breaking the King's 
peace. To this they answered loudly, " Our will is our 
law, and by that alone we will be governed ! " " Nay," 
quoth Tom, "if it be so, these trusty clubs are our 
weapons, and by them alone you shall be chastised." 
These words were no sooner uttered than they madly 
rushed on the throng of men, bearing all before them, and 
laying twenty or thirty sprawling with every blow. The 



82 Fairy Gold 

tinker struck off heads with such violence that they flew 
like balls for miles about, and when Tom had slain 
hundreds and so broken his trusty club, he laid hold of a 
lusty raw-boned miller and made use of him as a weapon 
till he had quite cleared the field. 

If Tom Hickathrift had been a hero before, he was 
twice a hero now. When the King heard of it all, he sent 
for him to be knighted, and when he was Sir Thomas 
Hickathrift nothing would serve him but that he must be 
married to a great lady of the county. 

So married he was, and a fine wedding they had of it. 
There was a great feast given, to which all the poor widows 
for miles round were invited, because of Tom's mother, 
and rich and poor feasted together. Among the poor 
widows who came was an old woman called Stumbelup, 
who with much ingratitude stole from the great table a 
silver tankard. But she had not got safe away before she 
was caught and the people were so enraged at her 
wickedness that they had nearly hanged her. However, 
Sir Tom had her rescued, and commanded that she should 
be drawn on a wheel-barrow through the streets and lanes 
of Cambridge, holding a placard in her hand on which was 
written — 

** I am the naughty Stumbelup, 
Who tried to steal the silver cup." 





THE THREE BEARS 

NCE upon a time there were Three 
Bears, who lived together in a house of 
their own, in a wood. One of them 
was a Little, Small, Wee Bear ; and 
one was a Middle-sized Bear, and the 
other was a Great, Huge Bear. They 
had each a pot for their porridge ; a 
little pot for the Little, Small, Wee 
Bear ; and a middle-sized pot for the Middle Bear ; and 
a great pot for the Great, Huge Bear. And they had each 
a chair to sit in ; a little chair for the Little, Small Wee 
Bear ; and a middle-sized chair for the Middle Bear and 
a great chair for the Great, Huge Bear. And they had 
each a bed to sleep in ; a little bed for the Little, Small, 
Wee Bear ; and a middle-sized bed for the Middle Bear ; 
and a great bed for the Great, Huge Bear. 

One day, after they had made the porridge for their 
breakfast, and poured it into their porridge-pots, they 
walked out into the wood while the porridge was cooling, 
that they might not burn their mouths, by beginning too 
soon to eat it. And while they were walking, a little old 
Woman came to the house. She could not have been a 
good, honest old Woman ; for first she looked in at the 
window, and then she peeped in at the keyhole ; and 
seeing nobody in the house, she lifted the latch. The 
door was not fastened, because the Bears were good Bears, 
who did nobody any harm, and never suspected that 
anybody would harm them. So the little old Woman 
opened the door, and went in ; and well pleased she was 
when she saw the porridge on the table. If she had been 
a good little old Woman, she would have waited till the 
Bears came home ; and then, perhaps, they would have 
asked her to breakfast ; for they were good Bears, — a little 
rough or so, as the manners of Bears are, but for all that 

I 



84 Fairy Gold 

very good-natured and hospitable. But she was an 
impudent, bad old Woman, and set about helping herself. 
So first she tasted the porridge of the Great, Huge 
Bear, and that was too hot for her; and she said a 
bad word about that. And then she tasted the porridge 
of the Middle Bear, and that was too cold for her ; and 
she said a bad word about that too. And then she went 
to the porridge of the Little, Small, Wee Bear, and tasted 
that ; and that was neither too hot, nor too cold, but just 
right ; and she liked it so well, that she ate it all up : but 
the naughty old Woman said a bad word about the 
little porridge-pot, because it did not hold enough for 
her. 

Then the little old Woman sate down in the chair of the 
Great, Huge Bear, and that was too hard for her. And 
then she sate down in the chair of the Middle Bear, and 
that was too soft for her. And then she sate down in the 
chair of the Little, Small, Wee Bear, and that was neither 
too hard, nor too soft, but just right. So she seated 
herself in it, and there she sate till the bottom of the chair 
came out, and down came she plump upon the ground. 
And the naughty old Woman said a wicked word about 
that too. 

Then the little old Woman went upstairs into the bed- 
chamber in which the three Bears slept. And first she 
lay down upon the bed of the Great, Huge Bear ; but that 
was too high at the head for her. And next she lay down 
upon the bed of the Middle Bear ; and that was too high 
at the foot for her. And then she lay down upon the bed 
of the Little, Small, Wee Bear ; and that was neither too 
high at the head, nor at the foot, but just right. So she 
covered herself up comfortably, and lay there till she 
fell fast asleep. 

By this time the Three Bears thought their porridge 
would be cool enough ; so they came home to breakfast. 
Now the little old Woman had left the spoon of the Great, 
Huge Bear standing in his porridge. 

''SomeboC)^ bas been at m^ porridge!" 

said the Great, Huge Bear, in his great, rough, gruff voice. 
And when the Middle Bear looked at his, he saw that the 
spoon was standing in it too. They were wooden spoons ; 



The Three Bears 



85 



if they had been silver ones, the naughty old Woman 
would have put them in her pocket. 

''somebody has been at my porridge!" 
said the Middle Bear, in his middle voice. 




THE LITTLE OLD WOMAN SITS DOWN IN THE LITTLE BEAR's CHAIR 

Then the Little, Small, Wee Bear looked at his, and 
there was the spoon in the porridge-pot, but the porridge 
was all gone. 

" Somebody has been at my porridge^ and has eaten it 
all up I " 

said the Little, Small, Wee Bear, in his little, small, wee 
voice. 

Upon this the Three Bears, seeing that some one had 
entered their house, and eaten up the Little, Small, Wee 
Bear's breakfast, began to look about them. Now the 



86 Fairy Gold 

little old Woman had not put the hard cushion straight 
when she rose from the chair of the Great, Huge Bear. 

*'SomeboDs bas been sitting in ms cbair!" 

said the Great, Huge Bear, in his great rough, gruff voice. 
And the little old Woman had squatted down the soft 
cushion of the Middle Bear. 

" SOMEBODY HAS BEEN SITTING IN MY CHAIR ! " 

said the Middle Bear in his middle voice. 

And you know what the little old Woman had done to 
the third chair. 

" Somebody has been sittitig in my chair ^ and has sate the 
bottom of it out !^^ 

said the Little, Small, Wee Bear, in his little, small, wee 
voice. 

Then the Three Bears thought it necessary that they 
should make farther search; so they went upstairs into 
their bed-chamber. Now the little old Woman had pulled 
the pillow of the Great, Huge Bear out of its place. 

''SomeboDg bas been Ising in m? be&!" 

said the Great, Huge Bear, in his great, rough, gruff voice. 
And the little old Woman had pulled the bolster of the 
Middle Bear out of its place. 

*' SOMEBODY HAS BEEN LYING IN MY BED ! " 

said the Middle Bear, in his middle voice. 

And when the Little, Small, Wee Bear came to look at 
his bed, there was the bolster in its place ; and the pillow 
in its place upon the bolster ; and upon the pillow was the 
little old Woman's ugly, dirty head, — which was not in its 
place, for she had no business there. 

" Somebody has been lying in my bed and here she is ! " 

said the Little, Small, Wee Bear, in his little, small, wee 
voice. 

The little old Woman had heard in her sleep the great, 
rough, gruff voice of the Great, Huge Bear ; but she was 
so fast asleep that it was no more to her than the roaring 
of wind, or the rumbling of thunder. And she had heard 



The Three Bears 



87 



the middle voice of the Middle Bear, but it was only as if 
she had heard some one speaking in a dream. But when 
she heard the Little, Small, Wee Bear, it was so sharp, 
and so shrill, that it awakened her at onee. Up she 
started ; and when she saw the Three Bears on one side of 
the bed, she tumbled herself out at the other, and ran to 
the window. Now the window was open, because the 
Bears, like good, tidy Bears, as they were, always opened 
their bed-chamber window when they got up in the morn- 
ing. Out the little old Woman jumped ; and whether she 
broke her neck in the fall ; or ran into the wood and was 
lost there ; or found her way out of the wood, and was 
taken up by the constable and sent to the House of 
Correction for a vagrant as she was, I cannot tell. But 
the Three Bears never saw anything more of her. 





THE HISTORY OF TOM THUMB 

T is said that in the days of the famed 
Prince Arthur, who was king of Britain, 
in the year 516 there Hved a great 
magician, called Merlin, the most 
learned and skilful enchanter in the 
world at that time. 

This great magician, who could 
assume any form he pleased, was 
travelling in the disguise of a poor beggar, and being very 
much fatigued, he stopped at the cottage of an honest 
ploughman to rest himself, and asked for some refreshment. 
The countryman gave him a hearty welcome, and his 
wife, who was a very good-hearted, hospitable woman, 
soon brought him some milk in a wooden bowl, and some 
coarse brown bread on a platter. 

Merlin was much pleased with this homely repast and 
the kindness of the ploughman and his wife ; but he could 
not help seeing that though everything was neat and com- 
fortable in the cottage, they seemed both to be sad and 
much cast down. He therefore questioned them on the 
cause of their sadness, and learned that they were miserable 
because they had no children. 

The poor woman declared, with tears in her eyes, that 
she should be the happiest creature in the world if she had 
a son ; and although he was no bigger than her husband's 
thumb, she would be satisfied. 

Merlin was so much amused with the idea of a boy no 
bigger than a man's thumb, that he made up his mind to 
pay a visit to the queen of the fairies, and ask her to grant 
the poor woman's wish. The droll fancy of such a little 
person among the human race pleased the fairy queen too, 
greatly, and she promised Merlin that the wish should be 
granted. Accordingly, in a short time after, the plough- 
man's wife had a son, who, wonderful to relate, was not a 
bit bigger than his father's thumb. 

88 



The History of Tom Thumb 89 

The fairy queen, wishing to see the little fellow thus 
born into the world, came in at the window while the 
mother was sitting up in bed admiring him. The queen 
kissed the child, and giving it the name of Tom Thumb, 
sent for some of the fairies, who dressed her little favourite 
as she bade them. 

" An oak-leaf hat he had for his crown ; 
His shirt of web by spiders spun ; 
With jacket wove of thistle's down ; 
His trowsers were of feather's done. 
His stockings, of apple-rind, they tie 
With eyelash from his mother's eye : 
His shoes were made of mouse's skin, 
Tann'd with the downy hair within." 

It is remarkable that Tom never grew any larger than 
his father's thumb, \\hich was only of an ordinary size; 
but as he got older he became very cunning and full of 
tricks. When he was old enough to play with the boys, 
and had lost all his own cherry-stones, he used to creep 
into the bags of his playfellows, fill his pockets, and,, 
getting out unseen, would again join in the game. 

One day, however, as he was coming out of a bag of 
cherry-stones, where he had been pilfering as usual, the 
boy to whom it belonged chanced to see him. " Ah, ha ! 
my little Tommy," said the boy, "so I have caught you 
stealing my cherry-stones at last, and you shall be rewarded 
for your thievish tricks." On saying this, he drew the 
string tight round his neck, and gave the bag such a hearty 
shake, that poor little Tom's legs, thighs, and body were 
sadly bruised. He roared out with pain, and begged to 
be let out, promising never to be guilty of such bad- 
practices again. 

A short time afterwards his mother was making a batter- 
pudding, and Tom being very anxious to see how it was 
made, climbed up to the edge of the bowl ; but unfortun- 
ately his foot slipped and he plumped over head and ears 
into the batter, unseen by his mother, who stirred him into 
the pudding-bag, and put him in the pot to boil. 

The batter had filled Tom's mouth, and prevented him 
from crying; but, on feeling the hot water, he kicked and 
struggled so much in the pot, that his mother thought that 
the pudding was bewitched, and, instantly pulling it out of 



90 Fairy Gold 

the pot, she threw it to the door. A poor tinker, who was 
passing by, hfted up the pudding, and, putting it into his 
budget, he then walked off. As Tom had now got his 
mouth cleared of the batter, he then began to cry aloud, 
which so frightened the tinker that he flung down the 
pudding and ran away. The pudding being broke to 
pieces by the fall, Tom crept out covered over with the 
batter, and with difficulty walked home. His mother, who 
was very sorry to see her darling in such a woful state, put 
him into a tea-cup, and soon washed off the batter ; after 
which she kissed him, and laid him in bed. 

Soon after the adventure of the pudding, Tom's mother 
went to milk her cow in the meadow, and she took him 
along with her. As the wind was very high, fearing lest 
he should be blown away, she tied him to a thistle with a 
piece of fine thread. The cow soon saw the oak-leaf hat, 
and, liking the look of it, took poor Tom and the thistle 
at one mouthful. While the cow was chewing the thistle 
Tom was afraid of her great teeth, which threatened to 
crush him in pieces, and he roared out as loud as he could : 
" Mother, mother ! " 

"Where are you. Tommy, my dear Tommy?" said his 
mother. 

"Here, mother," replied he, "in the cow's mouth." 
His mother began to cry and wring her hands ; but the 
cow, surprised at the odd noise in her throat, opened her 
mouth and let Tom drop out. Fortunately his mother 
caught him in her apron as he was falling to the ground, 
or he would have been dreadfully hurt. She then put 
Tom in her bosom and ran home with him. 

Tom's father made him a whip of a barley straw to 
drive the cattle with, and having one day gone into the 
fields, he slipped a foot and rolled into the furrow. A 
raven, which was flying over, picked him up, and flew with 
him to the top of a giant's castle that was near the sea- 
side, and there left him. 

Tom was in a dreadful state, and did not know what to 
do ; but he was soon more dreadfully frightened ; for old 
Grumbo the giant came up to walk on the terrace, and 
seeing Tom, he took him up and swallowed him like a pill. 
The giant had no sooner swallowed Tom than he began 
to repent what he had done ; for Tom began to kick and 



The History of Tom Thumb 91 

jump about so much that he felt very uncomfortable, and 
at last threw him up again into the sea. A large fish 
swallowed Tom the moment he fell into the sea, which 
was soon after caught, and bought for the table of King 
Arthur. When they opened the fish in order to cook it, 
everyone was astonished at finding such a little boy, and 
Tom was quite delighted to be out again. They carried 
him to the king, who made Tom his dwarf, and he soon 
grew a great favourite at Court; for by his tricks and 
gambols he not only amused the king and queen, but also 
all the knights of the Round Table. 

It is said that when the king rode out on horseback, he 
often took Tom along with him, and if a shower came on, 
he used to creep into his majesty's waistcoat pocket, where 
he slept till the rain was over. 

King Arthur one day asked Tom about his parents, 
wishing to know if they were as small as he was, and 
whether rich or poor. Tom told the king that his father 
and mother were as tall as any of the sons about Court, 
but rather poor. On hearing this, the king carried Tom 
to his treasury, the place where he kept all his money, and 
told him to take as much money as he could carry home 
to his parents, which made the poor little fellow caper with 
joy. Tom went immediately to fetch a purse, which was 
made of a water-bubble, and then returned to the treasury, 
where he got a silver threepenny-piece to put into it. 

Our little hero had some trouble in lifting the burden 
upon his back ; but he at last succeeded in getting it 
placed to his mind, and set forward on his journey. How- 
ever, without meeting with any accident and after resting 
himself more than a hundred times by the way, in two 
days and two nights he reached his father's house in safety. 

Tom had travelled forty-eight hours with a huge silver- 
piece on his back, and was almost tired to death, when his 
mother ran out to meet him, and carried him into the 
house. 

Tom's parents were both happy to see him, and the 
more so as he had brought such an amazing sum of money 
with him ; but the poor little fellow was excessively 
wearied, having travelled half a mile in forty-eight hours, 
with a huge silver threepenny-piece on his back. His 
mother, in order to recover him, placed him in a walnut 



92 Fairy Gold 

shell by the fireside, and feasted him for three days on a 
hazel-nut, which made him very sick ; for a whole nut 
used to serve him a month. 

Tom was soon well again ; but as there had been a fall 
of rain, and the ground was very wet, he could not travel 
back to King Arthur's Court; therefore his mother, one 
day when the wind was blowing in that direction, made a 
little parasol of cambric paper, and tying Tom to it, she 
gave him a puff into the air with her mouth, which soon 
carried him to the king's palace. 

Just at the time when Tom came flying across the court- 
yard, the cook happened to be passing with the king's 
great bowl of furmenty, which was a dish his majesty was 
very fond of; but unfortunately the poor little fellow fell 
plump into the middle of it, and splashed the hot furmenty 
about the cook's face. 

The cook, who was an ill-natured fellow, being in a 
terrible rage at Tom for frightening and scalding him with 
the furmenty, went straight to the king, and said that Tom 
had jumped into the royal furmenty, and thrown it down 
out of mere mischief. The king was so enraged when he 
heard this, that he ordered Tom to be seized and tried for 
high treason ; and there being no person who dared to 
plead for him, he was condemned to be beheaded 
immediately. 

On hearing this dreadful sentence pronounced, poor 
Tom fell a-trembling with fear, but, seeing no means of 
escape, and observing a miller close to him gaping with 
his great mouth, as country boobies do at a fair, he took a 
leap, and fairly jumped down his throat. This exploit 
was done with such activity that not one person present 
saw it, and even the miller did not know the trick which 
Tom had played upon him. Now, as Tom had disap- 
peared, the court broke up, and the miller went home to 
his mill. 

When Tom heard the mill at work he knew he was 
clear of the court, and therefore he began to roll and 
tumble about, so that the poor miller could get no rest, 
thinking he was bewitched ; so he sent | for a doctor. 
When the doctor came, Tom began to dance and sing ; 
and the doctor, being as much frightened as the miller, 
sent in haste for five other doctors and twenty learned men. 



The History of Tom Thumb 93 

When they were debating about this extraordinary case, 
the miller happened to yawn, when Tom, seizing the 
chance, made another jump, and alighted safely upon his 
feet on the middle of the table. 

The miller, who was very much provoked at being tor- 
mented by such a little pigmy creature, fell into a terrible 
rage, and, laying hold of Tom, ran to the king with him ; 
but his majesty, being engaged with state affairs, ordered 
him to be taken away, and kept in custody till he sent for 
him. 

The cook was determined that Tom should not slip out 
of his hands this time, so he put him into a mouse-trap, 
and left him to peep through the wires. Tom had re- 
mained in the trap a whole week, when he was sent for by 
King Arthur, who pardoned him for throwing down the 
furmenty, and took him again into favour. On account 
of his wonderful feats of activity, Tom was knighted by 
the king, and went under the name of the renowned Sir 
Thomas Thumb. As Tom's clothes had suffered much in 
the batter-pudding, the furmenty, and the insides of the 
giant, miller, and fishes, his majesty ordered him a new 
suit of clothes, and to be mounted as a knight. 

" Of Butterfly's wings his shirt was made, 
His boots of chicken's hide ; 
And by a nimble fairy blade, 
. Well learned in the tailoring trade, 
His clothing was supplied. — 
A needle dangled by his side ; 
A dapper mouse he used to ride, 
Thus strutted Tom in stately pride ! " 



H^ 



'was certainly very diverting to see Tom in this dress, 
and mounted on the mouse, as he rode out a-hunting with 
the king and nobility, who were all ready to expire with 
laughter at Tom and his fine prancing charger. 

One day, as they were riding by a farmhouse, a large 
cat, which was lurking about the door, made a spring, and 
seized both Tom and his mouse. She then ran up a tree 
with them, and was beginning to devour the mouse ; but 
Tom boldly drew his sword, and attacked the cat so 
fiercely that she let them both fall, when one of the nobles 
caught him in his hat, and laid him on a bed of down, in 
a little ivory cabinet. 



94 Fairy Gold 

The queen of the fairies came soon after to pay Tom 
a visit, and carried him back to Fairy-land, where he lived 
several years. During his residence there, King Arthur, 
and all the persons who knew Tom, had died ; and as he 
was desirous of being again at Court, the fairy queen, after 
dressing him in a suit of clothes, sent him flying through 
the air to the palace, in the days of King Thunstone, the 
successor of Arthur. Every one flocked round to see him, 
and being carried to the king, he was asked who he 
was — whence he came — and where he lived ? Tom 
answered, — 

** My name is Tom Thumb, 
From the fairies I've come. 
When King Arthur shone, 
His Court was my home. 
In me he delighted, 
By him I was knighted ; 
Did you never hear of Sir Thomas Thumb ? " 

The king was so charmed with this address that he 
ordered a little chair to be made, in order that Tom might 
sit upon his table, and also a palace of gold, a span high, 
wnth a door an inch wide, to live in. He also gave him a 
coach, drawn by six small mice. 

The queen was so enraged at the honour paid to Sir 
Thomas that she resolved to ruin him, and told the king 
that the little knight had been saucy to her. 

The king sent for Tom in great haste, but being fully 
aware of the danger of royal anger, he crept into an empty 
snail-shell, where he lay for a long time, until he was 
almost starved with hunger ; but at last he ventured to 
peep out, and seeing a fine large butterfly on the ground, 
near his hiding-place, he approached very cautiously, and 
getting himself placed astride on it, was immediately 
carried up into the air. The butterfly flew with him from 
tree to tree and from field to field, and at last returned to 
the Court, where the king and nobility all strove to catch 
him ; but at last poor Tom fell from his seat into a water- 
ing-pot, in which he was almost drowned. 

When the queen saw him she was in a rage, and said 
he should be beheaded; and he was again put into a 
mouse-trap until the time of his execution. 

However, a cat, observing something alive in the trap, 



The History of Tom Thumb 95 

patted it about till the wires broke, and set Thomas at 
liberty. 

The king received Tom again into favour, which he did 
not live to enjoy, for a large spider one day attacked him ; 
and although he drew his sword and fought well, yet the 
spider's poisonous breath at last overcame him ; 

*' He fell dead on the ground where he stood, 
And the spider suck'd every drop of his blood." 

King Thunstone and his whole Court were so sorry at 
the loss of their little favourite, that they went into mourn- 
ing, and raised a fine white marble monument over his 
grave, with the following epitaph : — 

" Here lyes Tom Thumb, King Arthur's knight, 
Who died by a spider's cruel bite, 
He was well known in Arthur's Court, 
Where he afforded gallant sport ; 
He rode at tilt and tournament, 
And on a mouse a-hunting went. 
Alive he filled the Court with mirth ; 
His death to sorrow soon gave birth. 
Wipe, wipe your eyes, and shake your head 
And cry,— Alas ! Tom Thumb is dead ! " 





THE GIANT OF SAINT MICHAEL'S 

HEN King Arthur was king of this 
realm, it befell at one time that he 
departed and entered into the sea at 
Sandwich with all his army, with a 
great multitude of ships, galleys, and 
dromons,^ sailing on the sea. 

And as the king lay in his cabin in 
the ship, he fell in a slumbering, and 
•dreamed a marvellous dream : him seemed that a dread- 
ful dragon did drown much of his people, and he came 
flying out of the west, and his head was enamelled with 
azure, and his shoulders shone as gold, his body like mails - 
of a marvellous hue, his tail full of tatters, his feet full of 
fine sable, and his claws like fine gold ; and an hideous 
flame of fire flew out of his mouth, like as the land and water 
had flamed all of fire. After him, there came out of the 
Orient a grimly boar, all black, sailing in a cloud, and his 
paws as big as a post. He was rugged looking, roughly ; 
he was the foulest beast that ever man saw, he roared and 
romed ^ so hideously that it was marvel to hear. Then 
the dreadful dragon advanced him, and came in the wind 
like a falcon, giving great strokes on the boar, and the 
boar hit him again with his grisly tusks that his breast was 
all bloody, and that the hot blood made all the sea red 
of his blood. Then the dragon flew away all on an height, 
and came down with such a swough, and smote the boar 
on the ridge, which was ten foot large from the foot to the 
tail, and smote the boar all to powder, both flesh and 
bones, that it flittered all abroad on the sea. And there- 
with the king awoke anon and was sore abashed of this 
dream; and sent anon for a wise man commanding to tell 
him the meaning of his dream. 

"Sir," said the wise man, "the dragon that thou 

' War-vessels, with high prows. 

^ A coat of mail. ^ Growled. 

96 



The Giant of Saint Michael's 97 

dreamedst of betokeneth thine own person that sailest 
here, and the colour of his wings be thy realms that thou 
hast won, and his tail which is all to-tattered signifieth the 
noble knights of the Round Table. And the boar that 
the dragon slew coming from the clouds, either betokeneth 
some tyrant that tormenteth the people, or else that thou 
art like to fight with some giant thyself, being horrible 
and abominable, whose peer ye saw never in your days. 
Wherefore of this dreadful dream doubt thee nothing, but 
as a conqueror come forth thyself." 

Then after this soon they had sight of land, and when 
they were there, a husbandman of that country came and 
told him there was a great giant which had slain, murdered, 
and devoured much people of the country, and had been 
sustained seven year with the children of the commons of 
that land, insomuch that all the children be all slain and 
destroyed. 

"And now late," saiththis countryman, " he hath taken 
the Duchess of Brittany as she rode with her train, and 
hath led her to this lodging which is in a mountain, for to 
keep her to her life's end ; and many people followed her, 
more than five hundred, but all they might not rescue her, 
but they left her shrieking and crying lamentably, where- 
fore I suppose that he hath slain her. Now as thou art a 
rightful king have pity on this lady, and revenge us all as 
thou art a noble conqueror." 

" Alas ! " said King Arthur, "this is a great mischief, I 
had rather than the best realm that I have that I had been 
a furlong way tofore him, for to have rescued that lady. 
Canst thou bring me where this giant haunteth ? " 

" Yea, sir," said the good man, " lo, yonder where as 
thou seest those two great fires, there thou shalt find him, 
and more treasure than I suppose is in all France." 

When the king had understood this piteous case he re- 
turned into his tent. 

Then he called unto him Sir Kay and Sir Bedivere, and 
commanded them secretly to make ready horse and har- 
ness for himself and them twain, for after evensong he 
would ride on pilgrimage with them two only unto Saint 
Michael's Mount. And then anon he made him ready 
and armed him at all points, and took his horse and his 
shield. And so they three departed thence, and rode forth 

G 



fefe 



98 Fairy Gold 

as fast as ever they might till that they came unto the foot 
of that mount. And there they alighted, and the king 
commanded them to tarry there, for he would himself go up 
into that mount. And so he ascended up into that hill 
till he came to a great fire, and there he found a careful 
widow wringing her hands and making great sorrow, sitting 
by a grave new made. 

King Arthur saluted her, and demanded of her where- 
fore she made such lamentation : to whom she answered 
and said, " Sir knight, speak soft, for yonder is a demon : 
if he hear thee speak he will come and destroy thee ; I 
hold thee unhappy ; what dost thou here in this mountain ? 
for if ye were such fifty as ye be, ye were not able to make 
resistance against this devil : here lieth a duchess dead, the 
which was the fairest of all the world, wife to Sir Howell, 
Duke of Brittany ; he hath murdered her." 

" Dame," said the king, " I come from the noble 
conqueror King Arthur, for to treat with that tyrant for 
his liege people." 

"Fie upon such treaties," said the widow, "he setteth 
not by the king, nor by no man else. Beware, approach 
him not too nigh, for he hath vanquished fifteen kings, 
and hath made him a coat full of precious stones, em- 
broidered with their beards, which they sent him to have 
his love for salvation of their people at this last Christmas. 
And if thou wilt, speak with him at yonder great fire at 
supper." 

" Well," said Arthur, " I will accomplish my message for 
all your fearful words." 

And he went forth by the crest of that hill, and saw 
where the giant sat at supper gnawing on a limb of a 
man, baking his broad limbs by the fire, and three fair 
damsels turning three spits, whereon were broached twelve 
young children like young birds. 

When King Arthur beheld that piteous sight he had 
great compassion on them so that his heart bled for 
sorrow, and hailed him saying in this wise, — 

" He that all the world wieldeth, give thee short life and 
shameful death. Why hast thou murdered these young 
innocent children, and murdered this duchess? There- 
fore arise and dress thee, thou glutton ; for this day shalt 
thou die of my hand." 



The Giant of Saint Michael's 99 




THEREFORE ARISE AND DRESS THEE, THOU GLUTTON ; 
FOR THIS DAY THOU SHALT DIE OF MY HAND." 




The Giant of Saint Michaers loi 

Then the glutton anon started up and took a great club 
in his hand, and smote at the king that his coronal fell to 
the ground. And the king hit the giant again, and carved 
his body till his blood fell down in two streams. Then the 
giant threw away his club, and caught the king in his 
arms that he crushed his ribs. Then the three maidens 
kneeled down and called to Christ for help and comfort of 
Arthur. And then Arthur weltered and wrestled with the 
giant, that he was other while under and another time 
above. And so weltering and wallowing they rolled down 
the hill till they came to the sea mark, and ever as they so 
weltered Arthur smote him with his dagger, and it fortuned 
they came to the place where as the two knights were that 
kept Arthur's horse. Then when they saw the king fast 
in the giant's arms they came and loosed him. 

And then the king commanded Sir Kay to smite off the 
giant's head, and to set it upon a truncheon of a spear, 
and bear it to Sir Howell, and tell him that his enemy was 
slain. " After this," said the king, " let his head be bound 
to a barbican that all the people may see and behold it ; 
and go ye two up to the mountain and fetch me my shield, 
my sword, and the club of iron. And as for the treasure 
take ye it, for ye shall find there goods out of number. 
So I have the kirtle and the club, I desire no more. This 
was the fiercest giant that ever I met with, save one in the 
mount of Arabe which I overcame, but this was greater 
and fiercer." 

Then the knights fetched the club and the kirtle, and 
some of the treasure they took to themselves, and returned 
again to the host. And anon this was known through all 
the country, wherefore the people came and thanked the 
king. And he said again, " Give the thanks to God, and 
part the goods among you." And after that. King Arthur 
said and commanded his cousin Howell that he should 
ordain for a church to be builded on the same hill, in the 
worship of Saint Michael. 



THE FAIRIES' FROLIC 

Scene from a Fairy Play 

Human Characters : — Mopso, Joculo, and Frisio. 

Enter Fairies, singing and dancing. 

Fairy Song. 

By the moon we sport and play, 
With the night begins our day ; 
As we dance the dew doth fall — 
Trip it, little urchins all, 
Lightly as the little bee, 
Two by two, and three by three ; 
And about go we, and about go we. 

Jo. What mawmets ^ are these ? 
Fris. O they be the fairies that haunt these woods. 
Mop. O we shall be pinched most cruelly ! 
\st Fai. Will you have any music, sir? 
2d Fai. W^ill you have any fine music ? 
3^ Fai. Most dainty music ? 

Mop. We must set a face on it now ; there is no flying. 
No, sir, we very much thank you. 
ist Fai. O but you shall, sir. 
Fris. No, I pray you, save your labour. 
2d Fai. O, sir ! it shall not cost you a penny. 
Jo. Where be your fiddles ? 

3</ Fai. You shall have most dainty instruments, sir ? 
Mop. I pray you, what might I call you ? 
\st Fai. My name is Penny. 
Mop. I am sorry I cannot purse you. 
Fris. I pray you, sir, what might I call you ? 
2d Fai. My name is Cricket. 

^ Dolls, puppets. 
1 02 



I 



The Fairies' Frolic 103 

Fris. I would I were a chimney for your sake. 

Jo, I pray you, you pretty little fellow, what's your 

name? 
3^ Fai. My name is little little Puck. 
Jo. Little little Puck ? O you are a dangerous fairie ! 
I care not whose hand I were in, so I were out of yours. 
\st Fai. I do come about the cops, 

Leaping upon flowers' tops ; 

Then I get upon a fly. 

She carries me about the sky. 

And trip and go. 
2d Fai. When a dew-drop falleth down. 

And doth light upon my crown, 

Then I shake my head and skip. 

And about I trip. 
3^ Fai. When I see a girl asleep. 

Underneath her curls I peep, 

There to sport, and there I play. 

When she wakes, I run away. 
Jo. I thought where I should have you. 

\st Fai. Will 't please you dance, sir ? 
Jo. Indeed, sir, I cannot handle my legs. 

2d Fai. O you must needs dance and sing. 

Which if you refuse to do. 

We will pinch you black and blue; 

And about we go. 

Fairies sing. 

Round about, round about, in a fine ring a, 
Thus we dance, thus we dance, and thus we sing a ; 
Trip and go, to and fro, over this green a, 
All about, in and out, for our brave queen a. 

Round about, round about, in a fine ring a. 
Thus we dance, thus we dance, and thus we sing a ; 
Trip and go, to and fro, over this green a. 
All about, in and out, for our brave queen a. 

We have danced round about, in a fine ring a, 
AVe have danced lustily, and thus we sing a ; 
All about, in and out, over this green a. 
To and fro, trip and go, to our brave queen a. 




JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK 

I HERE once lived a poor widow, in a 
cottage which stood in a country 
village, a long distance from London, 
for many years. 

The widow had only a child named 
Jack, whom she gratified in everything; 
the end of her foolish kindness was, 
that Jack paid little attention to any- 
thing she said ; and he was heedless and naughty. His 
follies were not owing to bad nature, but to his mother 
never having chided him. As she was not rich, and he 
would not work, she was obliged to support herself and 
him by selling everything she had. At last nothing 
remained, only a cow. 

The widow, with tears in her eyes, could not help 
scolding Jack. "Oh ! you wicked boy," said she, "by 
your naughty course of life you have now brought us both 
to fall ! Heedless, heedless boy ! I have not money 
enough to buy a bit of bread for another day : nothing 
remains but my poor cow, and that must be sold, or we 
must starve ! " 

Jack was in a degree of tenderness for a few minutes, 
but soon over ; and then becoming very hungry for want 
of food he teased his poor mother to let him sell the cow ; 
which at last she sadly allowed him to do. 

As he went on his journey he met a butcher, who asked 
why he was driving the cow from home ? Jack replied he 
was going to sell it. The butcher had some wonderful 
beans, of different colours, in his bag, which caught Jack's 
fancy. This the butcher saw, who, knowing Jack's easy 
temper, made up his mind to take advantage of it, and 
offered all the beans for the cow. The foolish boy thought 
it a great offer. The bargain was momently struck, and 
the cow exchanged for a few paltry beans. When Jack 
hastened home with the beans and told his mother, and 

104 



Jack and the Bean-stalk 105 

showed them to her, she kicked the beans away in a great 
passion. They flew in all directions, and fell as far as the 
garden. 

Early in the morning Jack arose from his bed, and 
seeing something strange from the window, he hastened 
downstairs into the garden, where he soon found that 
some of the beans had taken root, and sprung up wonder- 
fully : the stalks grew of an immense thickness, and had 
so entwined, that they formed a ladder like a chain in 
view. 

Looking upwards, he could not descry the top, it seemed 
to be lost in the clouds. He tried it, found it firm, and 
not to be shaken. A new idea immediately struck him : 
he would climb the bean-stalk, and see whither it would 
lead. Full of this plan, which made him forget even his 
hunger, Jack hastened to tell it to his mother. 

He at once set out, and after climbing for some hours, 
reached the top of the bean-stalk, tired and almost ex- 
hausted. Looking round, he was surprised to find him- 
self in a strange country ; it seemed to be quite a barren 
desert ; not a tree, shrub, house, or living creature was to 
be seen. 

Jack sat himself pensively upon a block of stone, and 
thought of his mother ; his hunger attacked him, and now 
he felt sorrowful for his disobedience in climbing the bean- 
stalk against her will; and made up his mind that he 
must now die for want of food. 

However, he walked on, hoping to see a house where he 
might beg something to eat. Suddenly he saw a beautiful 
young woman at some distance. She was dressed in an 
elegant manner, and had a small white wand in her 
hand, on the top of which was a peacock of pure gold. 
She came near and said : " I will tell to you a story your 
mother dare not. But before I begin, I require a solemn 
promise on your part to do what I command. I am a 
fairy, and unless you perform exactly what I direct you to 
do, you will take from me the power to assist you ; and 
there is little doubt but that you will die in the attempt." 
Jack was rather frightened at this caution, but promised to 
follow her directions. 

" Your father was a rich man, with a greatly generous 
nature. It was his practice never to refuse help to the 



Ih 



io6 Fairy Gold 

poor people about him ; but, on the contrary, to seek out 
the helpless and distressed. Not many miles from your 
father's house lived a huge giant, who was the dread of 
the country around for cruelty and wickedness. This 
creature was moreover of a very envious spirit, and dis- 
liked to hear others talked of for their goodness and 
humanity, and he vowed to do him a mischief, so that he 
might no longer hear his good actions made the subject of 
everyone's talk. Your father was too good a man to fear 
evil from others ; so it was not long before the cruel 
giant found a chance to put his wicked threats into 
practice ; for hearing that your parents were about passing 
a few days with a friend at some distance from home, he 
caused your father to be waylaid and murdered, and your 
mother to be seized on their way homeward. 

" At the time this happened, you were but a few months 
old. Your poor mother, almost dead with affright and 
horror, was borne away by the cruel giant's servants, to a 
dungeon under his house, in which she and her poor babe 
were both long kept prisoners. Distracted at the absence 
of your parents, the servants went in search of them ; but 
no tidings of either could be got. Meantime he caused 
a will to be found making over all your father's property to 
him as your guardian, and as such he took open pos- 
session. 

" After your mother had been some months in prison, 
the giant offered to restore her to liberty, on condition 
that she would solemnly swear that she would never tell 
the story of her wrongs to any one. To put it out of her 
power to do him any harm, should she break her oath, the 
giant had her put on shipboard, and taken to a distant 
country ; where she was left with no more money for her 
support than what she got by selling a few jewels she had 
hidden in her dress. 

" I was appointed your father's guardian at his birth ; 
but fairies have laws to which they are subject as well as 
mortals. A short time before the giant killed your father, 
I transgressed ; my punishment was the loss of my power 
for a certain time, which, alas, entirely prevented my 
helping your father, even when I most wished to do so. 
The day on which you met the butcher, as you went to 
sell your mother's cow, my power was restored. It was I 



Jack and the Bean-stalk 107 

who secretly prompted you to take the beans in exchange 
for the cow. By my power the bean-stalk grew to so great 
a height, and formed a ladder. The giant lives in this 
country ; you are the person who must punish him for all 
his wickedness. You will meet with dangers and diffi- 
culties, but you must persevere in avenging the death of 
your father, or you will not prosper in any of your 
doings. 

"As to the giant's goods, everything he has is yours, 
though you are deprived of it ; you may take, therefore, 
what part of it you can. You must, however, be careful, 
for such is his love for gold, that the first loss he dis- 
covers «will make him outrageous and very watchful for 
the future. But you must still pursue him ; for it is only 
by cunning that you can ever hope to get the better of 
him, and become possessed of your rightful property, and 
the means of justice overtaking him for his barbarous 
murder. One thing I desire is, do not let your mother 
know you are aware of your father's history till you see me 
again. 

"Go along the direct road ; you will soon see the house 
where your cruel enemy lives. While you do as I order 
you, I will protect and guard you ; but remember, if 
you disobey my commands, a dreadful punishment awaits 
you." 

As soon as she had made an end she disappeared, 
leaving Jack to follow his journey. He walked on till 
after sunset, when, to his great joy, he espied a large 
mansion. This pleasant sight revived his drooping 
spirits ; he redoubled his speed, and reached it shortly. 
A well-looking woman stood at the door : he spoke to 
her, begging she would give him a morsel of bread 
and a night's lodging. She expressed the greatest sur- 
prise at seeing him ; and said it was quite uncommon ta 
see any strange creature near their house, for it was mostly- 
known that her husband was a very cruel and powerful 
giant, and one that would eat human flesh, if he could 
possibly get it. 

This account terrified Jack greatly, but still, not for- 
getting the fairy's protection, he hoped to elude the giant, 
and therefore he begged the woman to take him in for 
one night only, and hide him where she thought proper. 



io8 Fairy Gold 



The good woman at last suffered herself to be persuaded, 
for she had a kind heart, and at last led him into the 
house. 

First they passed an elegant hall, finely furnished ; they 
then went through several spacious rooms, all in the same 
style of grandeur, but they seemed to be quite forsaken 
and desolate. A long gallery came next ; it was very dark, 
just large enough to show that, instead of a wall each side, 
there was a grating of iron, which parted off a dismal 
dungeon, from whence issued the groans of several poor 
victims whom the cruel giant kept shut up in readiness 
for his very large appetite. Poor Jack was in a dreadful 
fright at witnessing such a horrible scene, which caused 
him to fear that he would never see his mother, but be 
captured lastly for the giant's meat ; but still he recollected 
the fairy, and a gleam of hope forced itself into his 
heart- 

The good woman then took Jack to a large kitchen, 
where a great fire was kept ; she bade him sit down, and 
gave him plenty to eat and drink. When he had done his 
meal and enjoyed himself, he was disturbed by a hard 
knocking at the gate, so loud as to cause the house to 
shake. Jack was hidden in the oven, and the giant's wife 
ran to let in her husband. 

Jack heard him accost her in a voice like thunder, 
saying : "Wife ! wife ! I smell fresh meat ! " " Oh ! my 
dear," replied she, "it is nothing but the people in the 
dungeon." The giant seemed to believe her, and at last 
seated himself by the fireside, whilst the wife prepared 
supper. 

By degrees Jack managed to look at the monster through 
a small crevice. He was much surprised to see what an 
amazing quantity he devoured, and supposed he would 
never have done eating and drinking. After his supper 
was ended, a very curious hen was brought and placed on 
the table before him. Jack's curiosity was great to see 
what would happen. He saw that it stood quiet before 
him, and every time the giant said : " Lay ! " the hen laid 
an egg of solid gold. The giant amused himself a long 
time with his hen ; meanwhile his wife went to bed. At 
length he fell asleep, and snored like the roaring of a 
cannon. Jack, finding him still asleep at daybreak, crept 



Jack and the Bean-stalk 109 

softly from his hiding-place, seized the hen, and ran off 
with her as fast as his legs could possibly carry him. 

Jack easily found his way to the bean-stalk, and came 
down better and quicker than he expected. His mother 
was overjoyed to see him. " Now, mother," said Jack, " I 
have brought you home that which will make you rich." 
The hen laid as many golden eggs as they desired ; they 
sold them, and soon had as much riches as they wanted. 

For a few months Jack and his mother lived very happy, 
but he longed to pay the giant another visit. Early one 
morning he again climbed the bean-stalk, and reached the 
giant's mansion late in the evening : the woman was at the 
door as before. Jack told her a pitiful tale, and prayed 
for a night's shelter. She told him that she had admitted 
a poor hungry boy once before, and the little ingrate had 
stolen one of the giant's treasures, and ever since that she 
had been cruelly used. She however led him to the 
kitchen, gave him a supper, and put him in a lumber 
closet. Soon after the giant came in, took his supper, 
and ordered his wife to bring down his bags of gold and 
silver. Jack peeped out of his hiding-place, and observed 
the giant counting over his treasures, and after which he 
carefully put them in bags again, fell asleep, and snored as 
before. Jack crept quietly from his hiding-place, and 
approached the giant, when a little dog under the chair 
barked furiously. Much to his surprise, the giant slept 
on soundly, and the dog ceased. Jack seized the bags, 
reached the door in safety, and soon arrived at the bottom 
of the bean-stalk. When he reached his mother's cottage, 
he found it quite deserted. Full of astonishment he ran 
into the village, and an old woman directed him to a house, 
where he found his mother apparently dying. On being 
told of our hero's safe return, his mother revived and soon 
recovered. Jack then presented two bags of gold and 
silver to her. 

His mother saw that something preyed upon his mind 
heavily, and tried to find out the cause ; but Jack knew 
too well what the consequence would be should he 
discover the cause of his melancholy to her. He did his 
utmost therefore to conquer the great desire which now 
forced itself upon him in spite of himself for another 
journey up the bean-stalk, but in vain. 



I lo Fairy Gold 

On tke longest day Jack arose as soon as it was light, 
climbed the bean-stalk, and reached the top with some 
little trouble. He found the road, journey, etc., the same 
as before. He arrived at the giant's house in the 
evening, and found his wife standing as usual at the 
■door. Jack now appeared a different character, and had 
disguised himself so completely that she did not appear to 
remember him. However, when he begged admittance, 
he found it very difficult to persuade her. At last he 
prevailed, was allowed to go in, and was hidden in the 
copper. 

When the giant returned, he said, as usual : *' Wife ! 
wife ! I smell fresh meat ! " But Jack felt quite composed, 
as he had said so before, and had soon been satisfied. 
However, the giant started up suddenly, and notwith- 
standing all his wife could say, he searched all round the 
room. Whilst this was going forward. Jack was much 
terrified, and ready to die with fear, wishing himself at 
home a thousand times ; but when the giant approached 
the copper, and put his hand upon the lid. Jack thought 
his death was certain. Fortunately the giant ended his 
search there, without moving the lid, and seated himself 
quietly by the fireside. 

When the giant's supper was over, he commanded his 
wife to fetch down his harp. Jack peeped under the 
copper-lid, and soon saw the most beautiful one that could 
be imagined. It was put by the giant on the table, who 
said : " Play," and it instantly played of its own accord. 
The music was uncommonly fine. Jack was delighted, 
and felt more anxious to get the harp into his possession 
than either of the former treasures. 

The giant's soul was not attuned to harmony, and the 
music soon lulled him into a sound sleep. Now, there- 
fore, was the time to carry off the harp, as the giant 
appeared to be in a more profound sleep than usual. 
Jack soon made up his mind, got out of the copper, and 
seized the harp ; which, however, being enchanted by a 
fairy, called out loudly : " Master, master ! " 

The giant awoke, stood up, and tried to pursue Jack ; 
but he had drank so much that he could not stand. 
Jack ran as quick as he could. In a little time the giant 
was well enough to walk slowly, or rather to reel after 



Jack and the Bean-stalk 1 1 1 

him. Had he been sober, he must have overtaken Jack 
instantly ; but as he then was, Jack contrived to be first 
at the top of the bean-stalk. The giant called to him all 
the way along the road in a voice like thunder, and was 
sometimes very near to him. 

The moment Jack got down the bean-stalk, he called 
out for a hatchet : one was brought him directly. Just 
at that instant the giant began to descend, but Jack 
with his hatchet cut the bean-stalk close off at the root, 
and the giant fell headlong into the garden. The fall 
instantly killed him. 

Jack heartily begged his mother's pardon for all the 
sorrow and affliction he had caused her, promising most 
faithfully to be dutiful and obedient to her in future. 
He proved as good as his word, and became a pattern of 
affectionate behaviour for the rest of her life ; and, let us. 
hope, he never lost his mother-wit. 





QUEEN MAB'S GOOD GRACE 

IF ye will with Mab find grace, 
Set each platter in his place ; 
Rake the fire up, and get 
Water in, ere sun be set, 
Wash your pails and cleanse your dairies, 
Sluts are loathsome to the fairies ; 
Sweep your house ; who doth not so, 
Mab will pinch her by the toe. 




1 1-2 




OLD FORTUNATUS 

AR from here in the famous isle of Cyprus 
there is a stately city called Famagosta. 
There, a long time ago, lived one 
Theodorus, descended of noble parents, 
who left him with a great estate. But 
being brought up to nothing but idle- 
ness, he soon wasted the greater half 
of his riches to the great grief of his 
relations, who, thinking to make him leave these courses, 
determined to match him to a rich merchant's daughter in 
the city of Nicovia, named Graciana. 

Now for a time, Theodorus was content to lead a quiet 
life, and Graciana brought her husband a fine little son, 
who was named Fortunatus. So one would think nothing 
could have kept Theodorus from being the most happy 
person in the world. But this was not long the case ; for 
when he had enjoyed these things for some time, he grew 
tired of them, and began to keep company with young 
noblemen of the Court, and in a few years spent all his 
fortune. He was now very sorry for what he had done, 
but it was too late ; and there was nothing he could do, 
but to work at some trade to support his wife and child. 
For all this Graciana never found fault with him, but still 
loved her husband the same as before, saying, — 

" Dear Theodorus, to be sure I do not know how to 
work at any trade ; but if I cannot help you in earning 
money, I will help you to save it." 

So Theodorus set to work; and though the Lady 
Graciana had always been used only to ring her bell for 
everything that she wanted, she now scoured the kettles 
and washed the clothes with her own hands. 

They went on in this manner till Fortunatus was sixteen 
years of age. When that time came, one day, as they 
were all sitting at dinner, Theodorus fixed his eyes on his 
son, and sighed deeply. 

H 113 



114 Fairy Gold 

" What is the matter with you, father ? " said Fortunatus. 

"Ah! my child," said Theodorus, "I have reason 
enough to be sorry, when I think of the noble fortune 
which I have spent, and that my folly will force you to 
labour for your living." 

"Father," replied Fortunatus, "do not grieve about it. 
I have often thought that it was time I should do some- 
thing for myself; and though I have not been brought up 
to any trade, yet I hope I can contrive to support myself 
somehow." 

When Fortunatus had done his dinner, he took his hat 
and walked to the sea-side, thinking of what he could do, 
so as to be no longer a burden to his parents. Just as he 
reached the sea-shore, the Earl of Flanders, who had been 
to Jerusalem, was embarking on board his ship with all 
his servants, to set sail for Flanders. Fortunatus now 
thought he would offer himself to be the Earl's page. 
When the Earl saw that he was a smart-looking lad, and 
heard the quick replies which he made to his questions, 
he took him into his service ; so at once they all went on 
board. On their way the ship stopped a short time at the 
port of Venice, where Fortunatus saw many strange things, 
which made him wish still more to travel, and taught him 
much that he did not know before. 

Soon after they came to Flanders ; and they had not 
been long on shore, before the Earl, his master, was 
married to the daughter of the Duke of Cleves. The 
wedding was kept with all sorts of public feasting, and 
games on horseback called tilts, which lasted many days ; 
and, among the rest, the Earl's lady gave two jewels as 
prizes to be played for, each of them the value of a hundred 
crowns. One of them was won by Fortunatus, and the 
other by Timothy, a servant of the Duke of Burgundy ; 
who afterwards ran another tilt with Fortunatus, so that 
the winner was to have both the jewels. So they tilted, 
and, at the fourth course, Fortunatus hoisted Timothy a 
full spear's length from his horse, and thus won both the 
jewels ; which pleased the Earl and Countess so much that 
they praised Fortunatus, and thought better of him than 
ever. At this time, also, Fortunatus had many rich 
presents given him by the lords and ladies of the Court. 
But the high favour shown him made his fellow-servants 



Old Fortunatus 115 

jealous; and one, named Robert, who had always pre- 
tended a great friendship for Fortunatus, made him believe 
that for all his seeming kindness, the Earl in secret envied 
him his great skill in tilting. Robjert said, too, that he had 
heard the Earl give private orders to one of his servants 
to find some way of killing him next day, while they should 
all be out hunting. 

Fortunatus thanked the wicked Robert for what he 
thought a great kindness ; and the next day, at daybreak, 
he took the swiftest horse in the Earl's stables, and left 
the country. When the Earl heard that Fortunatus had 
gone away in a hurry, he was much surprised, and asked 
all his servants what they knew about the matter ; but they 
all denied knowing anything of it, or why he had left them. 
The Earl then said : " Fortunatus was a lad for whom I 
had a great esteem ; I am sure some of you must have 
given him an affront ; if I discover it, I shall not fail to 
punish the guilty person." In the meantime Fortunatus, 
when he found himself out of the Earl's country, stopped 
at an inn to refresh himself, and began to reckon how 
much he had about him. He took out all his fine clothes 
and jewels, and could not help putting them on. He then 
looked at himself in the glass, and thought that, to be sure, 
he was quite a fine smart fellow. Next he took out his 
purse, and counted the money that had been given him by 
the lords and ladies of the Earl's court. He found that in 
all he had five hundred crowns ; so he bought a horse, 
and took care to send back the one that he had taken from 
the Earl's stable. 

He then set off for Calais, crossed the Channel, landed 
safely at Dover, and went on to London, where he soon 
made his way into genteel company, and had once the 
honour to dance with the daughter of a duke at the lord 
mayor's ball. This sort of life, as anybody may well 
think, soon made away with his little stock of money. 
When Fortunatus found that he had not a penny left, he 
began to think of going back again to France ; and soon 
after went on board a ship bound to Picardy. He landed 
in that country ; but finding no employment he set off for 
Brittany, when he lost his way in crossing a wood, and was 
forced to stay in it all night. The next morning he was 
little better off, for he could find no path. So he walked 



ii6 Fairy Gold 

about from one part of the wood to another, till at last, on 
the evening of the second day, he saw a spring, at which 
he drank very heartily ; but still he had nothing to eat, 
and was ready to die with hunger. When night came on, 
he heard the growling of wild beasts, so he climbed up a 
high tree for safety ; and he had hardly seated himself in 
it, before a lion walked fiercely up to the spring to drink. 
This made him very much afraid. When the lion had 
gone away, a bear came to drink also ; and, as the moon 
shone very bright, the beast looked up, and saw Fortunatus, 
and straightway began to climb up the tree to get at him. 

Fortunatus drew his sword, and sat quiet till the bear 
was come within arm's length; and then he ran him 
through the body. This drove the bear so very savage, 
that he made a great spring to get at him ; the bough 
broke, and down he fell, and lay sprawling and howling on 
the ground. Fortunatus now looked around on all sides ; 
and as he saw no more wild beasts near, he thought this 
would be a good time to get rid of the bear at once ; so 
down he came, and killed him at a single blow. Being 
almost starved for want of food, the poor youth stooped 
down, and was going to suck the blood of the bear ; but 
looking round once more, to see if any wild beast were 
coming, he on a sudden beheld a beautiful lady standing 
by his side, with a bandage over her eyes, leaning upon a 
wheel, and looking as if she were going to speak, which 
she soon did, in these words : " Know, young man, that 
my name is Fortune ; I have the power to bestow wisdom, 
strength, riches, health, beauty, and long life : one of these 
I am willing to grant you — choose for yourself which it 
shall be." 

Fortunatus was not a moment before he answered : 
" Good lady, I wish to have riches in such plenty that I 
may never again know what it is to be so hungry as I now 
find myself." The lady then gave him a purse, and told 
him that in all the countries where he might happen to be, 
he need only put his hand into the purse as often as he 
pleased, and he would be sure to find in it ten pieces of 
gold; that the purse should never fail of yielding the 
same sum as long as it was kept by him and his children ; 
but that when he and his children should be dead, then 
the purse would lose its power. 



Old Fortunatus 



117 




Old Fortunatus 119 

Fortunatus now did not know what to do with himself 
for joy, and began to thank the lady very much ; but she 
told him that he had better think of making his way out 
of the wood. She then directed him which path to take, 
and bade him farewell. He walked by the light of the 
moon, as fast as his weakness and fatigue would let him, 
till he came near an inn. But before he went into it, he 
thought it would be best to see whether the Lady Fortune 
had been as good as her word ; so he put his hand into 
his purse, and to his great joy he counted ten pieces of 
gold. Having nothing to fear, Fortunatus walked boldly 
up to the inn, and called for the best supper they could 
get ready in a minute ; " For," said he, " I must wait till 
to-morrow before I am very nice. I am so hungry now, 
that almost anything will do." Fortunatus very soon ate 
quite enough, and then called for every sort of wine in the 
house, and drank his fill. After supper, he began to think 
what sort of life he should lead ; " For," said he to him- 
self, "1 shall now have money enough for everything I 
can desire." He slept that night in the very best bed in 
the house ; and the next day he ordered the finest victuals 
of all kinds. When he rang his bell, all the waiters tried 
who should run fastest, to ask him what he pleased to 
want ; and the landlord himself, hearing what a noble 
guest was come to his house, took care to be standing at 
the door to bow to him when he should be passing out. 

Fortunatus asked the landlord whether any fine horses 
could be got near at hand; also, if he knew of some 
smart-looking, clever men-servants who wanted places. 
By chance the landlord was able to provide him with both. 
As he had now got everything he wanted, he set out on 
the finest horse that was ever seen, with two servants, 
for the nearest town. There he bought some grand suits 
of clothes, put his two servants into liveries laced with 
gold, and then went on to Paris. Here he took the best 
house that was to be had, and lived in great pomp. He 
invited the nobility, and gave grand balls to all the most 
beautiful ladies of the Court. He went to all public 
places of amusement, and the first lords in the country 
invited him to their houses. He had lived in this manner 
for about a year, when he began to think of going to 
Famagosta to visit his parents, whom he had left very poor. 



I20 Fairy Gold 

"But," thought Fortunatus, "as I am young and have 
not seen much of the world, I should like to meet with 
some person of more knowledge than I have, who would 
make my journey both useful and pleasing to me." Soon 
after this he met with an old gentleman, called Loch- 
Fitty, who was a native of Scotland, and had left a wife 
and ten children a great many years ago, in hopes to 
better his fortune ; but now, owing to many accidents, 
was poorer than ever, and had not money enough to take 
him back to his family. 

When Loch-Fitty found how much Fortunatus wished 
to obtain knowledge, he told him many of the strange ad- 
ventures he had met with, and gave him an account of all 
the countries he had been in, as well as of the customs^ 
dress, and manners of the people. Fortunatus thought to 
himself, "This is the very man I stand in need of;" so 
at once he made him a good offer, which the old gentle- 
man agreed to, but made the bargain that he might first 
go and visit his family. Fortunatus told him that he 
should. "And," said he, "as I am a little tired of being 
always in the midst of such noisy pleasures as we find at 
Paris, I will, with your leave, go with you to Scotland^ 
and see your wife and children." They set out the very 
next day, and came safe to the house of Loch-Fitty ; and 
in all the journey, Forlunatus did not once wish to change 
his kind companion for all the pleasures and grandeur he 
had left behind. Loch-Fitty kissed his wife and children, 
five of whom were daughters, and the most beautiful 
creatures that were ever beheld. When they were seated, 
.his wife said to him: "Ah! dear Lord Loch-Fitty, how 
happy I am to see you once again ! Now I hope we shall 
enjoy each other's company for the rest of our lives. 
What though we are poor ! We will be content if you 
will but promise not to think of leaving us again to get 
riches, only because we have a noble title." 

Fortunatus heard this with great surprise. " What I ** 
said he, " are you a lord ? Then you shall be a rich lord 
too. And that you may not think I lay you under any 
burden in the fortune I shall give you, I will put it in your 
power to make me your debtor instead. Give me your 
youngest daughter, Cassandra, for a wife, and accompany 
.us as far as Famagosta, and take all your family with you. 



L 



Old Fortunatus 121 

that you may have pleasant company on your way back, 
when you have rested in that place from your fatigue." 

Lord Loch-Fitty shed some tears of joy to think he 
should at last see his family again raised to all the honours 
which it had once enjoyed. He gladly agreed to the 
marriage of Fortunatus with his daughter Cassandra, and 
then told him the reasons that had forced him to drop 
his title and live poor at Paris. When Lord Loch-Fitty 
had ended his story, they agreed that the very next 
morning the Lady Cassandra should be asked to accept 
the hand of Fortunatus ; and that, if she should consent^ 
they would set sail in a few days for Famagosta. The 
next morning the offer was made to her, as had been 
agreed on ; and Fortunatus had the pleasure of hearing 
from the lips of the beautiful Cassandra, that the very 
first time she cast her eyes on him she thought him the 
most handsome gentleman in the world. 

Everything was soon ready for them to set out on the 
journey. Fortunatus, Lord Loch-Fitty, his lady, and their 
ten children, then set sail in a large ship : they had a good 
voyage, and landed safe at the port of Famagosta. There, 
however, Fortunatus found, with great grief and self- 
reproach, that his father and mother were both dead. 
However, as he was an easy-tempered gentleman, and 
had his betrothed Cassandra and her whole family to 
reconcile him to his grief, it did not last very long ; 
the wedding took place almost immediately ; so they lived 
all together in Famagosta, and in very great style. By 
the end of the first year, the Lady Cassandra had a little 
son, who was christened Ampedo ; and the next year 
another, who was christened Andolucia. For twelve years 
Fortunatus lived a very happy life with his wife and 
children, and his wife's kindred ; and as each of her 
sisters had a fortune given her from the purse of Fortunatus, 
they soon married very well. But by this time he began to 
long to travel again ; and he thought, as he was now so 
much older and wiser than when he was at Paris, he might 
go by himself, for Lord Loch-Fitty was at this time too old 
to bear fatigue. After he had, with great trouble, got the 
consent of the Lady Cassandra, and made her a promise 
to stay away only two years, he made all things ready for 
his journey ; and taking his lady into one of his private 



122 Fairy Gold 

rooms, he showed her three chests of gold. He told her 
to keep one of these for herself, and take charge of the 
other two for their sons, in case any evil should happen to 
him. He then led her back to the room where the whole 
family were sitting, embraced them all tenderly one by one, 
and set sail with a fair wind for Alexandria. 

When Fortunatus came to this place, he was told it was 
the custom to make a handsome present to the sultan ; so 
he sent him a piece of plate that cost five thousand pounds. 
The sultan was so much pleased with this, that he ordered 
a. hundred casks of spices to be given to Fortunatus in 
return. Fortunatus sent these straight to the Lady 
Cassandra, with the most tender letters, by the same ship 
that brought him, which was then going back to Famagosta. 
Having stated that he wished to travel through his country 
by land, he obtained from the sultan such passports and 
letters as he might stand in need of, to the other princes 
in those parts. He then bought a camel, hired proper 
servants, and set off on his travels. He went through 
Turkey, Persia, and from thence to Carthage ; he next 
went into the country of Prester John, who rides upon a 
white elephant, and has kings to wait on him. Fortunatus 
made him some rich presents, and went on to Calcutta ; and, 
in coming back, he took Jerusalem in the way, and so 
came again to Alexandria, where he had the good fortune 
to find the same ship that had brought him, and to learn 
from the captain that his wife and family were all in 
perfect health. The first thing he did was to pay a visit 
to his old friend the sultan, to whom he again make a 
handsome present, and was invited to dine at his palace. 
After dinner, the sultan said : " It must be vastly amusing, 
Fortunatus, to hear an account of all the places you have 
seen ; pray favour me with a history of your travels." 
Fortunatus did as he was desired, and pleased the sultan 
very much by telling him the many odd adventures he had 
met with ; and, above all, the manner of his first becom- 
ing known to the Lord Loch-Fitty, and the desire of that 
lord to maintain the honours of his family. When he had 
ended, the sultan said he was greatly pleased with what he 
had heard, but that he possessed a more curious thing 
than any Fortunatus had told him of. He then led him 
into a room almost filled with jewels, opened a large closet, 



Old Fortunatus 123 

and took out a cap, which he said was of greater value than 
all the rest. Fortunatus thought the sultan was joking, 
and told him he had seen many a better cap than that. 
" Ah ! " said the sultan, " that is because you do not know 
its value. Whoever puts this cap on his head, and 
wishes to be in any part of the world, will find himself 
there in a moment." 

" Indeed ! " said Fortunatus ; " and pray, is the man 
living who made it ? " 

" I know nothing about that," said the sultan. 

" One would hardly believe it," said Fortunatus. " Pray,, 
sir, is it very heavy ? " 

" Not at all," replied the sultan ; " you may feel it." 

Fortunatus took up the cap, put it on his head, and 
could not help wishing himself on board the ship that was- 
going back to Famagosta. In less than a moment he was 
carried on board of her, just as she was ready to sail ; and 
there being a brisk gale, they were out of sight in half 
an hour, before the sultan had even time to repent of his 
folly for letting Fortunatus try the cap on his head. The 
ship came safe to Famagosta, after a happy passage, and 
Fortunatus found his wife and children well ; but Lord 
Loch-Fitty and his lady had died of old age, and were 
buried in the same grave. 

Fortunatus now began to take great pleasure in teaching 
his two boys all sorts of useful learning, and also such 
manly sports as wrestling and tilting. Now and then he 
thought about the curious cap which had brought him 
home, and then would wish he could just take a peep 
at what was passing in other countries ; which wish was 
always fulfilled : but he never stayed there more than an 
hour or two, so that the Lady Cassandra did not miss him, 
and was no longer made uneasy by his love of travelling. 

At last, Fortunatus began to grow old, and the Lady 
Cassandra fell sick and died. The loss of her caused him 
so much grief, that soon after he fell sick too. As he 
thought he had not long to live, he called his two sons to 
his bedside, and told them the secrets of the purse and the 
cap, which he begged they would not, on any account, 
make known to others. " Follow my example," said he : 
" I have had the purse these forty years, and no living 
person knew from what source I obtained my riches." He 



124 Fairy Gold 

then told them to make use of the purse between them, 
and to live together in friendship ; and embracing them, 
died soon after. Fortunatus was buried with great pomp 
by the side of Lady Cassandra, in his own chapel, and 
was for a long time mourned by the people of Famagosta. 





DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT 

N the reign of the famous King Edward 
III. there was a little boy called Dick 
Whittington, whose father and mother 
died when he was very young, so 
that he remembered nothing at all 
about them, and was left a ragged little 
fellow, running about a country village. 
As poor Dick was not old enough to 
work, he was very badly off; he got but little for his dinner, 
and sometimes nothing at all for his breakfast; for the 
people who lived in the village were very poor indeed, and 
could not spare him much more than the parings of 
potatoes, and now and then a hard crust of bread. 

For all this Dick Whittington was a very sharp boy, and 
was always listening to what everybody talked about. On 
Sunday he was sure to get near the farmers, as they sat 
talking on the tombstones in the churchyard, before the 
parson was come ; and once a week you might see little 
Dick leaning against the sign-post of the village alehouse, 
where people stopped to drink as they came from the next 
market town ; and when the barber's shop door was open, 
Dick listened to all the news that his customers told one 
another. 

In this manner Dick heard a great many very strange 
things about the great city called London ; for the foolish 
country people at that time thought that folks in London 
were all fine gentlemen and ladies; and that there was 
singing and music there all day long ; and that the streets 
were all paved with gold. 

One day a large waggon and eight horses, all with bells 
at their heads, drove through the village while Dick was 
standing by the sign-post. He thought that this waggon 
must be going to the fine town of London ; so he took 
courage, and asked the waggoner to let him walk with him by 
125 



126 Fairy Gold 

the side of the waggon. As soon as the waggoner heard that 
poor Dick had no father or mother, and saw by his ragged 
clothes that he could not be worse off than he was, he told 
him he might go if he would, so they set off together. 

I could never find out how little Dick contrived to get 
meat and drink on the road ; nor how he could walk so 
far, for it was a long way ; nor what he did at night for a 
place to lie down to sleep in. Perhaps some good-natured 
people in the towns that he passed through, when they saw 
he was a poor little ragged boy, gave him something to 
eat ; and perhaps the waggoner let him get into the waggon 
.at night, and take a nap upon one of .he boxes or large 
parcels in the waggon. 

Dick, however, got safe to London, and was in such a 
hurry to see the fine streets paved all over with gold, that 
I am afraid he did not even stay to thank the kind 
waggoner ; but ran off as fast as his legs would carry him, 
through many of the streets, thinking every moment to 
come to those that were paved with gold ; for Dick had 
seen a guinea three times in his own little village, and 
remembered what a deal of money it brought in change ; 
so he thought he had nothing to do but to take up some 
little bits of the pavement, and should then have as much 
money as he could wish for. 

Poor Dick ran till he was tired, and had quite forgot his 
friend the waggoner ; but at last, finding it grow dark, and 
that every way he turned he saw nothing but dirt instead of 
gold, he sat down in a dark corner and cried himself to sleep. 

Little Dick was all night in the streets ; and next 
morning, being very hungry, he got up and walked about, 
and asked everybody he met to give him a halfpenny to 
keep him from starving; but nobody stayed to answer 
him, and only two or three gave him a halfpenny ; so that 
the poor boy was soon quite weak and faint for the want 
of victuals. 

At last a good-natured looking gentleman saw how 
hungry he looked. " Why don't you go to work, my lad ? " 
said he to Dick. " That I would, but -I do not know how 
to get any," answered Dick. " If you are willing, come 
along with me," said the gentleman, and took him to a 
hay-field, where Dick worked briskly, and lived merrily till 
the hay was made. 



Dick Whittington and his Cat 127 

After this he found himself as badly off as before ; and 
being almost starved again, he laid himself down at the 
door of Mr. Fitzwarren, a rich merchant. Here he was 
soon seen by the cook-maid, who was an ill-tempered 
creature, and happened just then to be very busy dressing 
dinner for her master and mistress ; so she called out to 
poor Dick : " What business have you there, you lazy 
rogue ? there is nothing else but beggars ; if you do not 
take yourself away, we will see how you will like a sousing 
of some dish-water ; I have some here hot enough to make 
you jump." 

Just at that time Mr. Fitzwarren himself came home to 
dinner ; and when he saw a dirty ragged boy lying at the 
door, he said to him: "Why do you lie there, my boy? 
You seem old enough to work ; I am afraid you are 
inclined to be lazy." 

"No, indeed, sir," said Dick to him, " that is not the 
case, for I would work with all my heart, but I do not 
know anybody, and I believe I am very sick for the want 
of food." " Poor fellow, get up ; let me see what ails you." 

Dick now tried to rise, but was obliged to lie down 
again, being too weak to stand, for he had not eaten any 
food for three days, and was no longer able to run about 
and beg a halfpenny of people in the street. So the kind 
merchant ordered him to be taken into the house, and 
have a good dinner given him, and be kept to do what 
dirty work he was able for the cook. 

Little Dick would have lived very happy in this good 
family if it had not been for the ill-natured cook, who was 
finding fault and scolding him from morning to night, and 
besides, she was so fond of basting, that when she had no 
meat to baste, she would baste poor Dick's head and 
shoulders with a broom, or anything else that happened to 
fall in her way. At last her ill-usage of him was told to 
Alice, Mr. Fitzwarren's daughter, who told the cook she 
should be turned away if she did not treat him kinder. 

The ill-humour of the cook was now a little amended ; 
but besides this Dick had another hardship to get over. 
His bed stood in a garret, where there were so many holes 
in the floor and the walls that every night he was tormented 
with rats and mice. A gentleman having given Dick a 
penny for cleaning his shoes, he thought he would buy a 



128 Fairy Gold 



cat with it. The next day he saw a girl with a cat, and 
asked her if she would let him have it for a penny. The 
girl said she would, and at the same time told him the cat 
was an excellent mouser. 

Dick hid his cat in the garret, and always took care to 
carry a part of his dinner to her ; and in a short time he 
had no more trouble with the rats and mice, but slept 
quite sound every night. 

Soon after this, his master had a ship ready to sail ; and 
as he thought it right that all his servants should have 
some chance for good fortune as well as himself, he called 
them all into the parlour and asked them what they would 
send out. 

They all had something that they were willing to venture 
except poor Dick, who had neither money nor goods, and 
therefore could send nothing. 

For this reason he did not come into the parlour with 
the rest ; but Miss Alice guessed what was the matter, and 
ordered him to be called in. She then said she would 
lay down some money for him, from her own purse ; but 
the father told her this would not do, for it must be some- 
thing of his own. 

When poor Dick heard this, he said he had nothing but 
a cat which he bought for a penny some time since of a 
little girl. 

" Fetch your cat then, my good boy," said Mr. Fitz- 
warren, " and let her go." 

Dick went upstairs and brought down poor puss, with 
tears in his eyes, and gave her to the captain ; for he said 
he should now be kept awake again all night by the rats 
and mice. 

All the company laughed at Dick's odd venture ; and 
Miss Alice, who felt pity for the poor boy, gave him some 
money to buy another cat. 

This, and many other marks of kindness shown him by 
Miss Alice, made the ill-tempered cook jealous of poor 
Dick, and she began to use him more cruelly than ever, 
and always made game of him for sending his cat to sea. 
She asked him if he thought his cat would sell for as much 
money as would buy a stick to beat him. 

At last poor Dick could not bear this usage any longer, 
and he thought he would run away from his place ; so he 



Dick Whittington and his Cat 129 

packed up his few things, and started very early in the 
morning, on All - Hallow's Day, which is the first of 
November. He walked as far as Holloway; and there 
sat down on a stone, which to this day is called Whitting- 
ton's stone, and began to think to himself which road he 
should take as he went onwards. 

While he was thinking what he should do, the Bells of 
Bow Church, which at that time had only six, began to 
ring, and he fancied their sound seemed to say to him, — 

"Turn again, Whittington, 
Lord Mayor of London." 

" Lord Mayor of London ! " said he to himself. " Why, 
to be sure, I would put up with almost anything now, to 
be Lord Mayor of London, and ride in a fine coach, 
when I grow to be a man ! Well, I will go back, and 
think nothing of the cuffing and scolding of the old cook, 
if I am to be Lord Mayor of London at last." 

Dick went back, and was lucky enough to get mto the 
house, and set about his work, before the old cook came 
downstairs. 

The ship, with the cat on board, was a long time at sea ; 
and was at last driven by the winds on a part of the coast 
of Barbary, where the only people were the Moors, that 
the English had never known before. 

The people then came in great numbers to see the 
sailors, who were of different colour to themselves, and 
treated them very civilly ; and, when they became better 
acquainted, were very eager to buy the fine things that the 
ship was loaded with. 

When the captain saw this, he sent patterns of the best 
things he had to the king of the country ; who was so much 
pleased with them, that he sent for the captain to the 
palace. Here they were placed, as it is the custom of the 
country, on rich carpets marked with gold and silver 
flowers. The king and queen were seated at the upper 
end of the room ; and a number of dishes were brought in 
for dinner. They had not sat long, when a vast number 
of rats and mice rushed in, helping themselves from almost 
every dish. The captain wondered at this, and asked if 
these vermin were not very unpleasant. 

" Oh, yes," said they, " very destructive ; and the king 
I 



130 Fairy Gold 

would give half his treasure to be freed of them, for they 
not only destroy his dinner, as you see, but they assault 
him in his chamber, and even in bed, so that he is 
obliged to be watched while he is sleeping for fear of them." 

The captain jumped for joy ; he remembered poor 
Whittington and his cat, and told the king he had a 
creature on board the ship that would despatch all these 
vermin immediately. The king's heart heaved so high ac 
the joy which this news gave him that his turban dropped 
off his head. " Bring this creature to me," says he ; 
" vermin are dreadful in a court, and if she will perform 
what you say, I will load your ship with gold and jewels, 
in exchange for her." The captain, who knew his business, 
took this opportunity to set forth the merits of Miss Puss. 
He told his majesty that it would be inconvenient to part 
with her, as, when she was gone, the rats and mice might 
destroy the goods in the ship — but to oblige his majesty he 
would fetch her. " Run, run ! " said the queen ; " I am 
impatient to see the dear creature." 

Away went the captain to the ship, while another 
dinner was got ready. He put puss under his arm, and 
arrived at the place soon enough to see the table full of rats. 

When the cat saw them, she did not wait for bidding, 
but jumped out of the captain's arms, and in a few 
minutes laid almost all the rats and mice dead at her feet. 
The rest of them in their fright scampered away to their 
holes. 

The king and queen were quite charmed to get so easily 
rid of such plagues, and desired that the creature who had 
done them so great a kindness might be brought to them 
for inspection. Upon which the captain called : " Pussy, 
pussy, pussy ! " and she came to him. He then presented 
her to the queen, who started back, and was afraid to 
touch a creature who had made such a havoc among the 
rats and mice. However, when the captain stroked the 
cat and called : " Pussy, pussy," the queen also touched 
her and cried : " Putty, putty," for she had not learned 
English. He then put her down on the queen's lap, 
where she, purring, played with her majesty's hand, and 
then sung herself to sleep. 

The king, having seen the exploits of Mrs. Puss, and 
being informed that her kittens would stock the whole 



Dick Whittington and his Cat 131 

country, bargained with the captain for the whole ship's 
cargo, and then gave him ten times as much for the cat 
as all the rest amounted to. 

The captain then took leave of the royal party, and set 
sail with a fair wind for England, and after a happy voyage 
arrived safe in London. 

One morning Mr. Fitzwarren had just come to his 
counting-house and seated himself at the desk, when some- 
body came tap, tap, at the door. " Who's there ! ' says 
Mr. Fitzwarren. " A friend," answered the other ; " I come 
to bring you good news of your ship Unicorn^ The 
merchant, bustling up instantly, opened the door, and 
who should be seen waiting but the captain and factor, 
with a cabinet of jewels, and a bill of lading, for which the 
merchant lifted up his eyes and thanked heaven for send- 
ing him such a prosperous voyage. 

They then told the story of the cat, and showed the 
rich present that the king and queen had sent for her to 
poor Dick. As soon as the merchant heard this, he called 
out to his servants, — 

»" Go fetch him — we will tell him of the same ; 
Pray call him Mr. Whittington by name. " 

Mr. Fitzwarren now showed himself to' be a good man ; 
for when some of his servants said so great a treasure was 
too much for Dick, he answered : " God forbid I should 
deprive him of the value of a single penny." 

He then sent for Dick, who at that time was scouring 
pots for the cook, and was quite dirty. 

Mr. Fitzwarren ordered a chair to be set for him, and 
50 he began to think they were making game of him, at 
;he same time begging them not to play tricks with a poor 
dmple boy, but to let him go down again, if they pleased, 
.0 his work. 

"Indeed, Mr. Whittington," said the merchant, "we are 
all quite in earnest with you, and I most heartily rejoice 
in the news these gentlemen have brought you ; for the 
•captain has sold your cat to the King of Barbary, and 
l)rought you in return for her more riches than I possess in 
!the whole world ; and I wish you may long enjoy them ! " 

Mr. Fitzwarren then told the men to open the great 
(treasure they had brought with them ; and said : "^Mr. 



132 Fairy Gold 

Whittington has nothing to do but to put it in some place 
of safety." 

Poor Dick hardly knew how to behave himself for joy. 
He begged his master to take what part of it he pleased, 
since he owed it all to his kindness. " No, no," answered 
Mr. Fitzwarren, "this is all your own; and I have no 
doubt but you will use it well." 

Dick next asked his mistress, and then Miss Alice, to 
accept a part of his good fortune ; but they would not, 
and at the same time told him they felt great joy at his 
good success. But this poor fellow was too kind-hearted 
to keep it all to himself; so he made a present to the 
captain, the mate, and the rest of Mr. Fitzwarren's servants ; 
and even to the ill-natured old cook. 

After this Mr. Fitzwarren advised him to send for a 
proper tradesman and get himself dressed like a gentle- 
man ; and told him he was welcome to live in his house 
till he could provide himself with a better. 

When Whittington's face was washed, his hair curled, 
his hat cocked, and he was dressed in a nice suit of clothes, 
he was as handsome and genteel as any young man who 
visited at Mr. Fitzwarren's; so that Miss Alice, who had 
once been so kind to him, and thought of him with pity, 
now looked upon him as fit to be her sweetheart ; and the 
more so, no doubt, because Whittington was now always 
thinking what he could do to oblige her, and making her 
the prettiest presents that could be. 

Mr. Fitzwarren soon saw their love for each other, and 
proposed to join them in marriage ; and to this they both 
readily agreed. A day for the wedding was soon fixed ; 
and they were attended to church by the Lord Mayor, the 
court of aldermen, the sheriffs, and a great number of the 
richest merchants in London, whom they afterwards treated 
with a very rich feast. 

History tells us that Mr. Whittington and his lady lived 
in great splendour, and were very happy. They had 
several children. He was Sheriff of London, also Mayor, 
and received the honour of knighthood by Henry V. 

The figure of Sir Richard Whittington with his cat in 
his arms, carved in stone, was to be seen till the year 1780 
over the archway of the old prison of Newgate, that stood 
across Newgate Street. 




THE KING OF THE VIPERS 

EAR Norman Cross was a large lake 
or "mere," about whose borders tall 
reeds were growing, and beyond this, 
at a somewhat greater distance, was a 
wild sequestered spot surrounded with 
woods and thick groves, the deserted 
seat of some ancient family. A place 
more solitary and wild could scarcely 
be imagined ; the garden and walks were overgrown with 
weeds and briers, and the woods were tangled and un- 
pruned. About this domain I would wander till over- 
taken by fatigue, and there I would sit down with my back 
against some beech, elm or stately alder tree, and, taking 
out my book, would pass hours in a state of unmixed 
enjoyment, my eyes now fixed on the wondrous pages, 
now glancing at the sylvan scene around ; and sometimes 
I would drop the book and listen to the voice of the rooks 
and wild pigeons, or to the croaking of multitudes of frogs 
from the neighbouring swamps and fens. 

In going to and fro from this place I frequently passed 
a tall, elderly individual, dressed in rather a quaint fashion, 
with a skin cap on his head and stout gaiters on his legs ; 
on his shoulders hung a moderate sized leathern sack ; he 
seemed fond of loitering near sunny banks, and of groping 
amidst furze and low scrubby bramble bushes, of which 
there were plenty in the neighbourhood of Norman Cross. 
Once I saw him standing in the middle of a dusty road, 
looking intently at a large mark which seemed to have 
been drawn across it, as if by a walking-stick. 

" He must have been a large one," the old man muttered 

half to himself, " or he would not have left such a trail ; I 

wonder if he is near ; he seems to have moved this way." 

He then went behind some bushes which grew on the 

right side of the road, and appeared to be in quest of 

mething, moving behind the bushes with his head down- 

133 



i 



134 Fairy Gold 

wards, and occasionally striking their roots with his foot. 
At length he exclaimed, " Here he is ! " and I saw him 
dart amongst the bushes. There was a kind of scuffling 
noise, the rustling of branches, and the crackling of dry 
sticks. " I have him," said the man at last ; " I have got 
him ! " and presently he made his appearance about twenty 
yards down the road, holding a large viper in his hand. 
" What do you think of that, my boy ? " said he, as I went 
up to him ; " what do you think of catching such a thing 
with the naked hand?" "What do I think?" said I. 
"Why, that I could do as much myself." "You do, do 
you ? " said the man ; and opening his bag he thrust the 
reptile into it, which was far from empty. 

As I was returning, towards the evening, I overtook the 
old man, who was wending in the same direction. " Good 
evening to you, sir," said I, taking off my cap. "Good 
evening," said the old man; and then looking at me, 
" How's this ? " said he, " you aren't, sure, the child I met 
in the morning ? Why, you were then all froth and con- 
ceit, and now you take off your cap to me." " I beg your 
pardon," said I, "if I was frothy and conceited: it ill 
becomes a child like me to be so." " That's true, dear," 
said the old man; "well, as you have begged my pardon, 
I truly forgive you." "Thank you," said I; "have you 
caught many more of those things ? " " Only four or five," 
said the old man ; " they are getting scarce, though this 
used to be a great neighbourhood for them. I hunt them 
mostly for the fat they contain, which is good for various 
sore troubles, especially for the rheumatism." " And do 
you get your living by hunting these creatures ? " I de- 
manded. " Not altogether," said the old man. " I am 
what they call a herbalist, one who knows the virtue of 
particular herbs ; I gather them at the proper season to 
make medicines for the sick, but I do not live in this 
neighbourhood in particular, I travel about; I have not 
been here for many years." 

From this time the old man and myself formed an 
acquaintance ; I often accompanied him in his wanderings 
about the neighbourhood, and on two or three occasions 
assisted him in catching the reptiles which he hunted. He 
was fond of telling me anecdotes connected with his ad- 



The King of the Vipers 135 

ventures with reptiles. " But," said he one day, sighing, 
" I must shortly give up this business, I am no longer the 
man I was, I am become timid, and when a person is 
timid in viper-hunting he had better leave off, as it is clear 
his virtue is forsaking him. I got a fright some years ago, 
which I am sure I shall never get the better of; my hand 




has been shaky more or less ever since." " What fright- 
ened you ? " I asked. " I had better not tell you," said 
the old man, " or you may be frightened too, lose your 
virtue, and be no longer good for the business." " I don't 
care," said I ; " I don't intend to follow the business : I 
daresay I shall be an officer, like my father." "Well," 
said the old man, " I once saw the king of the vipers, and 
since then — " " The king of the vipers ! " said I, inter- 
rupting him, "have the vipers a king?" "As sure as we 
have," said the old man, "as sure as we have King George 
rule over us, have these reptiles a king to rule over 



II 



136 Fairy Gold 

them." "And where did you see him ?" said I. " I will 
tell you," said the old man, " though I don't like talking 
about the matter. About seven years ago I happened to 
be far down yonder to the west, on the other side of 
England. It was a very sultry day, about three o'clock in 
the afternoon, when I found myself on some heathy land 
near the sea, on the ridge of a hill, the side of which, 
nearly as far down as the sea, was heath ; but on the top 
there was ground which had been planted, and from which 
the harvest had been gathered — oats or barley, I know not 
which — but I remember that the ground was covered with 
stubble. Well, from the heat of the day and from having 
walked about for hours, I felt very tired ; so I laid myself 
down, my head just on the ridge of the hill, towards the 
field, and my body over the side down amongst the heath. 
My bag, which was nearly filled with creatures, lay at a 
little distance from my face ; the creatures were struggling 
in it, I remember, and I thought to myself, how much 
more comfortably off I was than they ; I was taking my 
ease on the nice open hill, cooled by the breezes, whilst 
they were in the nasty close bag, coiling about one another, 
and breaking their very hearts. Little by little I closed 
my eyes, and fell into the sweetest snooze ; and there I 
lay over the hill's side, I don't know how long. At last it 
seemed to me that I heard a noise in my sleep, something 
like a thing moving, very faint, however, far away ; then it 
died, and then it came again upon my ear as I slept, and 
now it appeared almost as if I heard crackle, crackle ; then 
it died again, or I became yet more dead asleep than 
before, I know not which, but I certainly lay some time 
without hearing it. All of a sudden I became awake, and 
there was I, on the ridge of the hill, with my cheek on the 
ground towards the stubble, with a noise in my ear like 
that of something moving towards me, among the stubble 
of the field ; well, I lay a moment or two, listening to the 
noise, and then I became frightened, for I did not like the 
noise at all, it sounded so odd ; so I rolled myself over, 
and looked towards the stubble. Mercy upon us ! there 
was a huge snake, or rather a dreadful viper, for it was all 
yellow and gold, moving towards me, bearing its head 
about a foot and a half above the ground, the dry stubble 
crackling beneath it. It might be about five yards off 



The King of the Vipers 137 

when I first saw it, making straight towards me, child, as 
if it would devour me. I lay quite still, for I was stupefied 
with horror, whilst the creature came still nearer; and 
now it was nearly upon me, when it suddenly drew back a 
little, and then — what do you think ? — it lifted its head 
and chest high in the air, and high over my face as I 
looked up, flickering at me with its tongue as if it would 
fly at my face. Child, what I felt at that moment I can 
scarcely say, but it was a sufficient punishment for all the 
sins I ever committed : and there we two were, I looking 
up at the viper, and the viper looking down upon me, 
flickering at me with its tongue. It was only the kindness 
of God that saved me : all at once there was a loud npise, 
the report of a gun, for a fowler was shooting at some 
birds, a little way off in the stubble. Whereupon the viper 
sunk its head and immediately made off over the ridge of 
the hill, down in the direction of the sea. As it passed by 
me, however — and it passed close by me — it hesitated a 
moment, as if it was doubtful whether it should not seize 
me ; it did not, however, but made off down the hill. It 
has often struck me that he was angry with me, and came, 
upon me unawares for presuming to meddle with his people, 
as I have always been in the habit of doing." 

'But," said I, "how do you know that it was the king 
of the vipers ? " 

"How do I know?" said the old man, "who else 
should it be? There was as much difference between 
it and other reptiles as between King George and other 
people 





THE KING OF THE CATS 

:NCE upon a time there were two brothers 
who lived in a lonely house in a very 
lonely part of Scotland; an old woman 
used to do the cooking, and there was 
no one else, unless we count her cat 
and their own dogs, within miles of 
them. 

One autumn afternoon the elder of 
the two, whom we will call Elshender, said he would not 
go out, so the younger one, Fergus, went alone to follow 
the path where they had been shooting the day before, far 
across the mountains. He meant to return home before 
the early sunset ; however, he did not do so, and Elshen- 
der became very uneasy as he watched and waited in vain 
till long after their usual supper-time. At last Fergus 
returned, wet and exhausted, nor did he explain why he 
was so late. 

But after supper when the two brothers were seated 
before the fire, on which the peat crackled cheerfully, the 
dogs lying at their feet, and the old woman's black cat 
sitting gravely with half-shut eyes on the hearth between 
them, Fergus recovered himself and began to tell his 
adventures. 

" You must be wondering," said he, " what made me so 
late ? I have had a very, very strange adventure to-day ; 
I hardly know what to say about it. I went, as I told 
you I should, along our yesterday's track ; a mountain fog 
came on just as I was about to turn homewards, and I 
completely lost my way. I wandered about for a long 
time not knowing where I was, till at last I saw a light, 
and made for it, hoping to get help. As I came near it, 
it disappeared, and I found myself close to an old oak 
tree. I climbed into the branches the better to look for the 
light, and, behold ! there it was right beneath me, inside 
the hollow trunk of the tree. I seemed to be looking 
138 



The King of the Cats 139 

down into a church, where a funeral was taking place. I 
heard singing, and saw a coffin surrounded by torches, all 
carried by — But I know you won't believe me, 
Elshender, if I tell you ! " 

His brother eagerly begged him to go on, and threw a 
dry peat on the fire to encourage him. The dogs were 
sleeping quietly, but the cat was sitting up and seemed to 
be listening just as carefully and cannily as Elshender 
himself. Both brothers indeed turned their eyes on the 
cat as Fergus took up his story. 

"Yes," he continued, "it is as true as I sit here. The 
coffin and the torches were both carried by cats, and upon 
the coffin were marked a crown and a sceptre ! ' 

He got no further, for the black cat started up shrieking : 
" My stars ! old Peter's dead, and I'm the King o' the 
Cats ! " — then rushed up the chimney and was seen no 
more. 





CHICKEN-LICKEN 

[S Chicken-licken went one day to the 
wood, an acorn fell upon her poor bald 
pate, and she thought the sky had 
fallen. So she said she would go and 
tell the King the sky had fallen. So 
Chicken-licken turned back, and met 
Hen-len. "Well, Hen-len, where are 
you going?" And Hen-len said, "I'm 
going to the wood for some meat." And Chicken-licken 
said, " Oh ! Hen-len, don't go, for I was going, and the 
sky fell upon my poor bald pate, and I'm going to tell the 
King." So Hen-len turned back with Chicken-licken, and 
met Cock-lock. " Oh ! Cock-lock, where are you going ? " 
And Cock-lock said, "I'm going to the wood for some 
meat." Then Hen-len said, " Oh ! Cock-lock, don't go, 
for I was going, and I met Chicken-licken, and Chicken- 
licken had been at the wood, and the sky had fallen on 
her poor bald pate, and we are going to tell the King." 

So Cock-lock turned back, and met Duck-luck. " Well, 
Duck-luck, where are you going ? " And Duck-luck said, 
" I'm going to the wood for some meat." Then Cock- 
lock said, " Oh ! Duck-luck, don't go, for I was going, and 
I met Hen-len, and Hen-len met Chicken-licken, and 
Chicken-licken had been at the wood, and the sky had 
fallen on her poor bald pate, and we are going to tell the 
King." 

So Duck-luck turned back, and met Drake-lake. 
"Well, Drake-lake, where are you going?" And Drake- 
lake said, "I'm going to the wood for some meat." Then 
Duck-luck said, " Oh ! Drake-lake, don't go, for I was 
going, and I met Cock-lock, and Cock-lock met Hen-len, 
and Hen-len met Chicken-licken, and Chicken-licken had 
been at the wood, and the sky had fallen on her poor bald 
pate, and we are going to tell the King." 

So Drake-lake turned back, and met Goose-loose. 
140 



m 

ly "We 



Chicken-Licken 141 



" Well, Goose-loose, where are you going ? " And Goose- 
loose said, " I'm going to the wood for some meat." 
Then Drake-lake said, "Oh! Goose-loose, don't go, for I 
was going, and I met Duck-luck, and Duck-luck met Cock- 
lock, and Cock-lock met Hen-len, and Hen-len met 
Chicken-licken, and Chicken-licken had been at the wood, 
and the sky had fallen on her poor bald pate, and we are 
going to tell the King." 

So Goose-loose turned back, and met Gander-lander. 
"Well, Gander-lander, where are you going?" And 
Gander-lander said, "I'm going to the wood for some 
meat." Then Goose-loose said, " Oh ! Gander-lander, 
don't go, for I was going, and I met Drake-lake, and 
Drake-lake met Duck-luck, and Duck-luck met Cock-lock, 
and Cock-lock met Hen-len, and Hen-len met Chicken- 
licken, and Chicken-licken had been at the wood, and the 
sky had fallen on her poor bald pate, and we are going 
to tel) the King." 

So Gander-lander turned back, and met Turkey-lurkey. 
" Well, Turkey-lurkey, where are you going? " And Turkey- 
lurkey said, "I'm going to the wood for some meat." 
Then Gander-lander said, " Oh ! Turkey-lurkey, don't go, 
for I was going, and I met Goose-loose, and Goose-loose 
met Drake-lake, and Drake-lake met Duck-luck, and Duck- 
luck rnet Cock-lock, and Cock-lock met Hen-len, and 
Hen-len met Chicken-licken, and Chicken-licken had 
been at the wood, and the sky had fallen on her poor bald 
pate, and we are going to tell the King." 

So Turkey-lurkey turned back, and walked with Gander- 
lander, Goose-loose, Drake-lake, Duck-luck, Cock-lock, 
Hen-len, and Chicken-licken. And as they were going 
along, they met Fox-lox. And Fox-lox said, " Where are 
you going, my pretty maids ? " And they said, " Chicken- 
licken went to the wood, and the sky fell upon her poor 
bald pate, and we are going to tell the King." And Fox- 
lox said, " Come along with me, and I will show you the 
way." But Fox-lox took them into the fox's hole, and he 
and his young ones soon ate up poor Chicken-licken, Hen- 
len, Cock-lock, Duck-luck, Drake-lake, Goose-loose, 
Gander-lander, and Turkey-lurkey, and they never saw the 
King to tell him that the sky had fallen. 



QUEEN MAB'S BED 

UPON six plump dandelions, high- 
Reared, lies her elvish majesty. 
Whose woolly bubbles seemed to drown 
Her Mabship in obedient down ; 
And next to these, two blankets o'er- 
Cast of the finest gossamer ; 
And then a rug of carded wool. 
Which, sponge-like, drinking in the dull 
Light of the moon, seemed to comply,* 
Cloud-like, the dainty deity. 
Thus soft she lies ; and over-head 
A spinner's ^ circle is bespread 
With cobweb curtains, from the roof 
So neatly sunk, as that no proof 
Of any tackling can declare 
What gives it hanging in the air. 
And now sleeps Mab : out goes the light ; 
I wish both her and thee good-night. 

' Enfold. 2 Spider's. 



142 



PART II 
MOTHER JACK'S FAIRY-BOOK 



PART II 
MOTHER JACK'S FAIRY-BOOK 

It had once been an old Cookery Book with brown covers, 
into which Mother Jack used to paste recipes for Twelfth 
Cakes and custards^ and those which tell the three ways of 
jugging a hare, or the way to make a Cornish pie. But when 
she grew old she gave up cooking and took to nursing, and 
then she filled up the pages at the end of her book with old 
Nursery Rhymes, and odds and ends of stories, and some of 
yE sop's Fables. But afterwards some of the leaves were 
torn out to make jam-covers, and these are all that remain. 



I 



LEAF TWENTY 



A COTTAGER, who lived with his wife at Nether Wilton, 
was one night visited by two of the little people, — a " fary " 
and his spouse. They brought a child with them, which 
they wished to put out to nurse. The goodman and his 
wife agreed to take care of the child for a certain period, 
until such time as it had to be taken away. The " fary " 
gave the man a box of ointment with which to anoint the 
child's eyes ; but he had not on any account to touch 
himself with it, or some misfortune would befall him. 

For a long time he and his wife were very careful to avoid 
the " fary " ointment, but one day when his wife was out 
curiosity overcame him, and he anointed his eyes without 
feeling any bad effect. But after a while, when walking 
through Long Horsley Fair, he met the male " fary " and 
accosted him. The " fary " started back in amazement at 
the recognition ; and then, instantly guessing the truth, he 
blew on the eyes of the cottager, and instantly blinded 



F 



But the " fary " was never more seen after the day 
the Fair. 



M5 



LEAF TWENTY-THREE 

A CONJURATION FOR A FAIRY 

Take one pint of sweet oil, and put it into a vial glass, but 
first wash it with rose-water, and marigold-flower-water, 
whose flowers be gathered towards the East. Wash it till 
the oil come white ; then put it into the glass, and then 
put thereto the buds of hollyhock, the flowers of marigold, 
the flowers or tops of wild thyme, the buds of young hazel, 
and the thyme must be gathered near the side of a hill 
where fairies used to be, and the grass of a fairy throne 
there. All these put into the oil in the glass, and set it to 
dissolve three days in the sun, and then keep it for 
thy use. 




146 



LEAF TWENTY-FOUR 

THE LITTLE FORTUNES 

There is a queer kind of smallish creatures in some parts 
of England, which the country people call the Fortunes. 
They live the life of plain farmers ; but the country folk 
say, when they sit up late in winter nights, and the doors 
are shut, they warm themselves at the fire, and take little 
frogs out of their bosom, roast them on the coals, and eat 
them. They have the faces of old men, with wrinkled 
cheeks, and they are of a very small stature, not being 
quite half-an-inch high. They wear little patched coats, 
and if anything is to be carried into the house, or any 
laborious work to be done, they lend a hand, and finish it 
sooner than any man could. It is their nature to have the 
power to serve, but not to injure. They have, however, 
one little mode of annoying. When in the uncertain shades 
of night the English are riding any where alone, the 
Fortune sometimes invisibly joins the horseman ; and 
when he has accompanied him a good while, he at last 
takes the reins, and leads the horse into a neighbouring 
slough. Then, when the rider is fixed and floundering in 
it, the Fortune goes off with a loud laugh, crying " Ho, ho, 
ho ! " like Robin Goodfellow, who must be come of their 
kindred. 



147 



LEAF TWENTY-FIVE 

FAIRY FOOD 

Two lads were ploughing in a field, in the middle of 
which was an old thorn-tree, a trysting-place of the Fairy- 
folk. One of them described a circle round the thorn, 
within which the plough should not go. They were 
surprised, on ending the furrow, to behold a green table 
placed there, heaped up with excellent bread and cheese, 
and even wine. The lad who had drawn the circle sat 
down without hesitation, ate and drank heartily, saying, 
** Fair fa' the hands whilk gie." His companion whipped 
on the horses, refusing to partake of the Fairy-food. The 
other, who had eaten of it, was lucky all the rest of 
his life. 

A FAIRY BANQUET 

There was once a young shepherd of Nithsdale, who, one 
summer night, heard most delicious music, and advancing 
to the spot whence the sound appeared to come, he 
suddenly found himself the spectator of a Fairy banquet. 
A green table with feet of gold was laid across a small 
rivulet, and supplied with the finest of bread and the 
richest of wines. The music proceeded from instruments 
formed of reeds and stalks of corn. He was invited 
to join in the dance, and presented with a cup of wine. 
He was allowed to depart in safety, and ever after 
possessed the gift of second sight. He said he saw there 
several of his old acquaintances, who were become Fairy- 
folk. 



148 



LEAF TWENTY-SIX 

THE TRUE HISTORY OF JACK SPRAT, HIS WIFE AND HIS CAT 



When Jack Sprat was young, 

He dressed very smart. 
He courted Joan Cole, 

And he gained her heart ; 
In his fine leather doublet, 

And old greasy hat, 
O what a smart fellow 

Was little Jack Sprat. 



Jack Sprat was the bridegroom, 

Joan Cole was the bride. 
Jack said, from the church 

His Joan home should ride ; 
But no coach could take her, 

The lane was so narrow, 
Said Jack, then I'll take her 

Home in a wheel-barrow. 



Ill 

As Jack Sprat was wheeling 

His wife by the ditch, 
The barrow turned over. 

And in she did pitch. 
Says Jack, "You'll be drowned ! 

But Joan did reply, — 
" I don't think I shall. 

For the ditch is quite dry." 
149 



150 Fairy Gold 



Jack brought home his Joan, 

And she sat on a chair, 
When in came his cat, 

That had got but one ear. 
Says Joan, " I'm come home, puss, 

Pray how do you do ? " 
The cat wagg'd her tail, 

And said nothing but " Mew ! " 



Then Joan went to market. 

To buy her some fowls. 
She bought a jackdaw 

And a couple of owls ; 
The owls they were white, 

The jackdaw was black, 
" They'll lay brindled eggs," 

Says little Joan Sprat. 

VI 

Joan Sprat went to brewing 

A barrel of ale, 
She put in some hops 

That it might not turn stale, 
But as for the malt, 

She forgot to put that, 
" This is sober liquor," 

Says little Jack Sprat. 

VII 

Jack Sprat could eat no fat, 

His wife could eat no lean. 
And so between them both, 

They lick'd the platter clean ; 
Jack eat all the lean, 

Joan eat all the fat. 
The bone they pick'd it clean. 

Then gave it to the cat. 



The True History of Jack Sprat 151 



Mil 

Jack Sprat went to market, 

And bought him a mare, 
She was lame of three legs, 

And as blind as a bat, 
Her ribs they were bare, 

For the mare had no fat, 
" She looks like a racer," 

Says little Jack Sprat. 

IX 

Now I have told you the story 

Of little Jack Sprat, 
Of little Joan Cole, 

And the one-ear'd cat. 
Now Jack has got rich, 

And has plenty of pelf. 
If you'd know any more. 

You may tell it yourself. 




LEAF TWENTY-SEVEN 



THE PIXY'S CLOTHES 



There was once an old dame, who lived by her spinning 
wheel ; and who often of a morning found the flax she had 
left overnight all spun and done with. One evening, 
coming suddenly into the room, she spied by her wheel a 
ragged little creature, who jumped out of the door. Well, 
she thought she would try still further to win the services 
of her pixy friend, and so she bought some smart new 
clothes, as big as those made for a doll. These pretty 
things she placed by the side of her wheel. The Pixy re- 
turned, and put them on ; when, clapping her tiny hands, 
she was heard to exclaim — 

Pixy spin, — Pixy gay, 
Pixy now will run away ; 

and off she went. But the ungrateful little creature never 
spun for the poor old woman after. 



THE PIXY GARDEN 

An old woman who lived near Tavistock had in her garden 
a splendid bed of tulips. To these the Pixies of the 
neighbourhood loved to resort, and often at midnight 
might they be heard singing their babes to rest among 
them. By their Pixy power they made the tulips more 
beautiful and more lasting than any other tulips, and they 
caused them to emit a fragrance equal to that of the rose. 
The old woman was so fond of her tulips that she would 
never let one of them be plucked, and thus the Pixies were 
never deprived of their floral bowers. 

k But at length the old woman died ; the tulips were taken 
up, and the place converted into a parsley-bed. Again, 
however, the power of the Pixies was shown ; the parsley 

152 



The Pixy's Clothes 



153 

withered, and nothing would grow even in the other beds 
of the garden. On the other hand, they tended diHgently 
the grave of the old woman, around which they were heard 
lamenting and singing dirges. They suffered not a weed 
to grow on it ; they kept it always green, and evermore in 
spring-time spangled with wild flowers. 




LEAF TWENTY-EIGHT 

THE BOGGART 

In an old farm-house in Yorkshire, where lived an honest 
farmer named George Gilbertson^ a Boggart had taken up 
his abode. He caused a good deal of trouble, and he 
kept tormenting the children, day and night, in various 
ways. Sometimes their bread and butter would be 
snatched away, or their porringers of bread and milk be 
capsized by an invisible hand ; for the Boggart never let 
himself be seen ; at other times, the curtains of their beds 
would be shaken backwards and forwards, or a heavy 
weight would press on and nearly suffocate them. Their 
mother had often, on hearing their cries, to fly to their 
aid. 

There was a kind of closet, formed by a wooden partition 
on the kitchen-stairs, and a large knot having been driven 
out of one of the deal-boards of which it was made, there 
remained a round hole. Into this one day the farmer's 
youngest boy stuck the shoe-horn with which he was 
amusing himself, when immediately it was thrown out 
again, and struck the boy on the head. Of course it was 
the Boggart did this, and it soon became their sport, which 
they called larking with Boggart^ to put the shoe-hom 
into the hole and have it shot back at them. 

But the gamesome Boggart at length proved such a 
torment that the farmer and his wife resolved to quit the 
house and let him have it all to himself. This settled, the 
flitting day came, and the farmer and his family were 
following the last loads of furniture, when a neighbour 
named John Marshall came up. 

"Well, Georgey," said he, "and so you're leaving t'ould 
hoose at last ? " 

" Heigh, Johnny, my lad, I'm forced to it ; for that bad 
Boggart torments us so, we can neither rest night nor day 
for't. It seems to have such a malice against t'poor 
154 



The Boggart 155 

bairns, it almost kills my poor dame here at thoughts on't, 
and so, ye see, we're forced to flitt loike." 

He scarce had uttered the words when a voice from a 
deep upright churn cried out. " Aye, aye, Georgey, we're 
flitting, ye see ! " 

"Ods, alive!" cried the farmer, "if I'd known thou 
would flit too, I'd not have stirred a peg ! " 

And with that, he turned about to his wife, and told her 
they might as well stay in the old house, as be bothered 
by the Boggart in a new one. So stay they did. 




LEAF THIRTY 

SONG OF THE FAIRY QUEEN 

Come, follow, follow me. 

You, fairy elves that be : 

Which circle on the green, 

Come follow Mab, your queen. 
Hand in hand let's dance around. 
For this place is fairy ground. 

When mortals are at rest, 

And snoring in their nest ; 

Unheard, and unespy'd. 

Through key-holes we do glide ; 
Over tables, stools, and shelves, 
We trip it with our fairy elves. 

And, if the house be foul 

With platter, dish or bowl. 

Upstairs we nimbly creep, 

And find the sluts asleep : 
There we pinch them as they lie. 
None escapes and none dare cry. 

But if the house be swept, 
And from uncleanness kept, 
We praise the household maid, 
And duly she is paid : 

For we use before we go. 

To drop a tester ^ in her shoe. 

Upon a mushroom's head 

Our tablecloth we spread ; 

A grain of rye, or wheat. 

Is manchet,^ which we eat ; 
Pearly drops of dew we drink 
In acorri cups filled to the brink. 

A silver sixpence. ^ Fine white bread. 

156 



Song of the Fairy Queen 157 

The brains of nightingales, 

With unctuous fat of snails, 

Between two cockles stew'd. 

Is meat that's easily chew'd ; 
Tails of worms, and marrow of mice. 
Do make a dish that's wondrous nice. 




Grasshopper, gnat, and fly. 
Serve for our minstrelsy ; 
Grace said, we dance awhile, 
And so the time beguile : 
And if the moon doth hide her head, 
The glow-worm lights us home to bed. 



158 Fairy Gold 

On tops of dewy grass, 
So nimbly do we pass, 
The young and tender stalk 
Ne'er bends when we do walk : 
Yet in the morning may be seen 
Where we the night before have been. 




LEAF THIRTY-ONE 

MR. AND MRS. VINEGAR 

Mr. and Mrs. Vinegar lived in a vinegar-bottle. Now- 
one day, when Mr. Vinegar was from home, Mrs. Vinegar, 
who was a very good housewife, was busily sweeping her 
house, when an unlucky thump of the broom brought the 
whole house clitter-clatter, clitter-clatter about her ears. 
In floods of tears she rushed forth to meet her husband. 
On seeing him she exclaimed, — 

*' Oh, Mr. Vinegar, Mr. Vinegar, we are ruined, we are 
ruined ! I have knocked the house down, and it is all to 
pieces ' ' 

Mr. Vinegar then said, "My dear, let us see what can 
be done. Here is the door ; I will take it on my back, 
and we will go forth to seek our fortune." 

They walked all that day, and at nightfall entered a 
thick forest. They were both very tired, and Mr. Vinegar 
said, — 

" My love, I will climb up into a tree, drag up the door, 
and you shall follow." 

This he did, and they both stretched their weary limbs 
upon the door, and fell fast asleep. In the middle of the 
night Mr. Vinegar was disturbed by the sound of voices 
beneath, and to his great dismay perceived that a party of 
thieves were met to divide their booty. 

" Here, Jack," said one, " here's five pounds for you ; 
here, Bill, here's ten pounds for you; here. Bob, here's 
three pounds for you." 

Mr. Vinegar could listen no longer ; his terror was so 
intense that he trembled most violently, and shook down 
the door on their heads. Away scampered the thieves, 
but Mr. Vinegar dared not quit his retreat till broad 
daylight. 

He then scrambled out of the tree, and went to lift up 

e door. What did he behold but a number of golden 
guineas ! 

"Come down, Mrs. Vinegar," he cried, "come down, I 
159 



II 



i6o Fairy Gold 

say ; our fortune's made, our fortune's made ! come down, 
I say." 

Mrs. Vinegar got down as fast as she could, and saw the 
money with equal delight. 

"Now, my dear," said she, " I'll tell you what you shall 
do. There is a fair at the town hard by ; you shall take 
these forty guineas and buy a cow. I can make butter 
and cheese, which you shall sell at market, and we shall 
then be able to live very comfortably." 

Mr. Vinegar joyfully agrees, takes the money, and goes 
off to the fair. When he arrived, he walked up and down, 
and at length saw a beautiful red cow. 

Oh ! thought Mr. Vinegar, if I had but that cow I 
should be the happiest man alive. So he offers the forty 
guineas for the cow, and the owner declaring that, as he 
was a friend, he'd oblige him, the bargain was made. 
Proud of his purchase, he drove the cow backwards and 
forwards to show it. By-and-bye he saw a man playing 
the bagpipes — tweedledum, tweedledee; the children 
followed him about, and he appeared to be pocketing 
money on all sides. Well, thought Mr. Vinegar, if I had 
but that beautiful instrument I should be the happiest man 
alive — my fortune would be made. 

So he went up to the man. 

" Friend," says he, " what a beautiful instrument that is, 
and what a deal of money you must make." 

"Why, yes," said the man, "I make a great deal of 
money, to be sure, and it is a wonderful instrument." 

" Oh ! " cried Mr. Vinegar, " how I should like to 
possess it ! " 

"Well," said the man, "as you are a friend, I don't 
much mind parting with it; you shall have it for that 
red cow." 

"Done," said the delighted Mr. Vinegar; so the beauti- 
ful red cow was given for the bagpipes. 

He walked up and down with his purchase, but in vain 
he attempted to play a tune, and instead of pocketing 
pence, the boys followed him hooting, laughing, and 
pelting. 

Poor Mr. Vinegar, his fingers grew very cold, and, 
heartily ashamed and mortified, he was leaving the town, 
when he met a man with a fine thick pair of gloves. 



II 



Mr. and Mrs. Vinegar i6i 

"Oh, my fingers are so very cold," said Mr. Vinegar to 
himself; "if I had but those beautiful gloves I should be 
the happiest man alive." 

He went up to the man, and said to him, — 

"Friend, you seem to have a capital pair of gloves 
there." 

"Yes, truly," cried the man; "and my hands are as 
warm as possible this cold November day." 

"Well," said Mr. Vinegar, "I should like to have 
them." 

" What will you give?" said the man; "as you are a 
friend, I don't much mind letting you have them for those 
bagpipes." 

" Done," cried Mr. Vinegar. He put on the gloves, and 
felt perfectly happy as he trudged homewards. 

At last he grew very tired, when he saw a man coming 
towards him with a good stout stick in his hand. " Oh," 
said Mr. Vinegar, " if I had but that stick I should then 
be the happiest man alive ! " 

He accosted the man — 

" Friend, what a rare good stick you have got." 

" Yes," said the man, " I have used it for many a long 
mile, and a good friend it has been ; but if you have a 
fancy for it, as you are a friend, I don't mind giving it to 
you for that pair of gloves." 

Mr. Vinegar's hands were so warm, and his legs so tired, 
that he gladly exchanged. 

As he drew near to the wood where he had left his wife, 
he heard a parrot on a tree calling out his name, — 

" Mr. Vinegar, you foolish man, you blockhead, you 
simpleton ! you went to the fair, and laid out all your 
money in buying a cow; not content with that you 
changed it for bagpipes, on which you could not play, and 
which were not worth one-tenth of the money. Then you 
had no sooner got the bagpipes than you changed them 
for the gloves, which were not worth one-quarter of the 
money ; and when you had got the gloves, you changed 
them for a miserable walking stick, and now for your forty 
guineas, cow, bagpipes, and gloves, you have nothing to 
show but a stick, which you might have cut in any- 
hedge." 

On this the bird laughed, and laughed again, and Mr. 



1 62 



Fairy Gold 



Vinegar, falling into a violent rage, threw the stick at its 
head. The stick lodged in the tree, and he returned to 




his wife without money, cow, bagpipes, gloves, or stick, 
and she instantly gave him such a sound cudgelling that 
she almost broke every bone in his sour skin. 



LEAF THIRTY-TWO 



THE FAIRY FAIR 



The Fairy Fair, as I am told, used to be held on the side 
of a hill, named Black-down, between the parishes of Pitt- 
minster and Chestonford, not many miles from Taunton. 
Those countryfolk that have had occasion to travel that 
way have frequently seen the fairies crowded there, appear- 
ing like men and women, of a stature generally near the 
smaller size of men. Their habits used to be of red, blue, 
or green, according to the old way of country garb, with 
high-crowned hats. One time, about fifty years since, a 
farmer living at Comb St. Nicholas, a parish lying on one 
side of that hill, near Chard, was riding towards his home 
that way, and saw, just before him, on the side of the hill, 
a great company of people, that seemed to him like 
country folks assembled as at a fair. There were all sorts 
of commodities, as at our ordinary fairs ; and pewterers, 
shoe-makers, pedlars with all kinds of trinkets, fruit and 
drinking-booths. He could not remember anything he 
had ever seen at a fair but what he saw there. All he 
bought was a pewter pot, and when he got home, there 
was only a puff-ball in its place. 




163 




LEAF THIRTY-FOUR 

CINDERELLA, OR THE LITTLE GLASS SLIPPER 

HERE lived once a gentleman who 
married for his second wife the 
proudest woman ever seen. She had 
two daughters of the same spirit, who 
were indeed like her in all things. 
On his side, her husband had a young 
daughter, who was of great goodness 
and sweetness of temper; in this she 
was like her mother, who was the best woman in the 
world. 

No sooner was the wedding over than the step-mother 
began to show her ill-humour; she could not bear her 
young step-daughter's gentle ways, because they made 
those of her own daughters appear a thousand times more 
odious and disagreeable. So she employed her in the 
meanest work of the house ; she it was who must wash 
the dishes and rub the tables and chairs, and it was her 
place to clean madam's chamber and that of the misses, 
her daughters. She herself slept up in a sorry garret, 
upon a wretched straw bed, while her sisters' rooms had 
shining floors and curtained beds, and looking-glasses so 
long and broad that they could see themselves from head 
to foot in them. 

The poor girl bore everything with patience, not daring 
to complain to her father. When she had finished her 
work she used to sit down in the chimney corner among 
the cinders ; so that in the house she went by the name 
of Cinderwench. The youngest of the two sisters, how- 
ever, being rather more civil than the eldest, called her 
Cinderella. But Cinderella, ragged as she was, looked a 
hundred times more charming than her sisters, decked 
out in all their splendour. 

It happened that the king's son gave a ball, to which he 
164 



i 



Cinderella 165 

invited all the persons of fashion for miles around ; our 
two misses were among the number, for they made a great 
figure in the country. They were delighted with this in- 
vitation, and were wonderfully busy choosing such dresses 
as might become them. This was a new trouble for 
Cinderella, for it was she who ironed her sisters' linen, 
and plaited their ruffles. There was little then talked of 
but what dresses should be worn at the ball. " I," said 
the eldest, " will wear my crimson velvet gown. " I," said 
the youngest, " will wear a dress all flowered with gold and 
a brooch of diamonds in my hair." Yet they sent for 
Cinderella to ask her advice, for she had excellent taste. 
She helped them as much as she could, and even offered 
to dress their hair, which was exactly what they wanted. 

While she was busy over this, her sisters said to her, 
"Cinderella, should not you be glad to go to the ball?" 
" Ah," said she, " you but mock me ; it is not for such as 
I am to go thither." "You are in the right of it," replied 
they, " it would make the folk laugh to see a Cinderwench 
at a ball." Any other than Cinderella would have dressed 
their hair awry, but she was good and did nothing but her 
best. 

At last the happy moment arrived : they all set off, and 
Cinderella looked after them till they passed from her 
sight, when she sat down and began to cry. 

Her godmother came in, and seeing her in tears, asked 
what ailed her. " I want — oh, I want — " sobbed poor 
Cinderella, without being able to say another word. 

Her godmother, who indeed was a fairy, said to her, 
" You want to go to the ball, isn't it so ? " " Oh, yes ! " 
said Cinderella, sighing. "Well, then," said her god- 
mother, " be but a good girl, and I will contrive that you 
shall go." 

Then taking her kindly by the hand, she said, " Run 
now into the garden, and bring me a pumpion." Cinder- 
ella flew at her bidding, and brought back the finest she 
could get. Her godmother scooped out the inside, leav- 
ing nothing but the rind; this done, she struck it with 
her wand, and the pumpion was instantly changed into a 
fine coach, gilded all over with gold. She then went to 
look into the mouse-trap, where she found six mice, all 
ive ; she told Cinderella to raise the door of the mouse- 



1 66 Fairy Gold 

trap, and as each mouse came out, at one tap of her wand 
they changed into splendid horses ; so that now Cinderella 
had a coach and six horses of a fine dappled mouse-colour. 
"Here, my child, are your coach and horses," said the 
godmother ; " but what shall we do for a coachman ? run 
and see if there be not a rat in the trap." Cinderella 
brought the trap, and in it were three huge rats. The 
fairy made choice of the biggest of the three, and having 
touched him, he was turned into a fat jolly coachman, who 
mounted the hammer-cloth in a trice. 

She next said to Cinderella — " Go again into the garden, 
and you will find six lizards behind the watering-pot; 
bring them hither." She had no sooner done so, than 
her godmother turned them into smart footmen, who at 
once skipped up behind the coach. 

Then said the fairy, "Now, then, here is something 
that will take you to the ball ; are you pleased with it ? " 
" Oh, yes," cried she, " but must I go in these dirty 
clothes ? " 

Her godmother only touched her with her wand, and 
her clothes were turned into cloth of gold and silver, all 
beset with jewels. This done, she gave her a pair of glass 
slippers, the prettiest in the world. 

Being thus decked out, she got into her coach ; but 
her godmother bade her, above all things, not to stay past 
midnight, telling her that if she stayed a single moment 
longer, all her fine things would return to what they had 
been before. 

She promised her godmother she would not fail to leave 
the ball before midnight, and then away she drove. 

The king's son, being told that a great princess had 
come, ran out to receive her ; he gave her his hand as she 
stepped from her coach, and led her among all the 
company. 

Cinderella no sooner appeared than every one was 
silent ; both the dancing and the music stopped and then 
all the guests might be heard whispering, " Ah, how hand- 
some she is." All the ladies were busied in gazing at her 
clothes and head-dress, that they might have some made 
after the same pattern. The king's son took her to dance 
with him : she danced so gracefully that they all more and 
more admired her. 



Cinderella 167 

'^' A fine supper was served up, whereof the young prince 
ate not a morsel, so intently was he busied in gazing on 
her. She sat down by her sisters, giving them part of the 
fruit which the prince had presented her with ; which very 
much surprised them. While Cinderella was thus talking 
with her sisters, she heard the clock strike eleven and 
three-quarters, whereupon she immediately made a curtsey 
to the company and then hastened away. Being got home, 
she thanked her godmother, and said she could not but 
wish she might go next day to the ball, because the king's 
son had desired her. 

While she was telling her godmother all that had passed, 
her two sisters knocked at the door, and Cinderella opened. 
" How long you have stayed ! " cried she, pretending to 
yawn. "If you had been at the ball," said one of them, 
" let me tell you, sleepiness would not have fallen on you. 
There came thither the very handsomest princess ever 
seen with eyes ; she showed us a thousand kindnesses, and 
gave us oranges and citrons." Cinderella asked the name 
of the princess, but they told her they did not know it, 
and that the king's son was uneasy, and would give all the 
world to know who she was. 

At this, Cinderella, smiling, replied, " She must be very 
beautiful : could I not see her ? Ah ! dear Miss Charlotte, 
do lend me your yellow suit of clothes that you wear every 
day ? "— " Oh, mdeed ! " cried Miss Charlotte, " lend my 
clothes to such a dirty Cinderwench as thou art ! " 

The next day the two sisters went to the ball and so did 
Cinderella, dressed still more magnificently than she had 
been on the first night. 

The king's son was always by her, and said the kindest 
things to her imaginable. She was so far from feeling 
wearied by this, that she forgot the charge her godmother 
had given her ; so she at last counted the clock striking 
twelve when she took it to be no more than eleven : she 
then fled as nimble as a deer. The prince followed, but 
could not overtake her; she dropped one of her glass 
slippers, which the prince carefully took up. She got 
home all out of breath, without coach or footmen, and in 
l^her old clothes, having nothing left of all her finery but 
l^kne of the little slippers. The guards of the gate were 

r " "*' " ^" ^ '"^'^^ '° " '"' "'' 



1 68 Fairy Gold 

said they had seen nobody except a young girl very meanly 
dressed. 

When the two sisters returned, Cinderella asked them if 
they had been as much amused as the night before, and if 
the beautiful princess had been there? They told her, 
yes, but that she hurried away at twelve o'clock, so fast 
that she dropped one of her glass slippers, which the king's 
son had taken up ; and that he was surely in love with the 
person to whom the slipper belonged. 

What they said was perfectly true, for the king's son 
caused it to be given out that he would marry her whose 
foot this slipper would exactly fit. So they began by try- 
ing it on the princesses, then on the duchesses, and all the 
court, but in vain ; they then brought it to the two sisters, 
who both tried all they could to force their feet into the 
slipper, but without success. 

Cinderella, who was looking at them all the while, cquld 
not help smiling, and said, "Let me see what I can do 
with the slipper," which made her sisters laugh heartily. 
" Very likely," said they, " that it will fit your clumsy foot ! " 
The gentleman who was sent to try the slipper saw that she 
was very handsome, and said he had been ordered to try it 
on everyone that pleased. Then, putting the slipper to her 
foot, he found that it went on very easily, and fitted her as 
though it had been made of wax. 

The astonishment of the two sisters was great, but still 
greater when Cinderella drew out of her pocket the other 
slipper, and put it on ! At that very moment in came 
her godmother, and with one touch of her wand, made 
Cinderella appear more magnificent than ever. 

The sisters knew her again at once, and throwing them- 
selves at her feet, begged pardon for the ill-treatment they 
had made her undergo. Cinderella forgave them with 
all her heart, and begged they would always love her. 

She was then led to the palace where the young prince 
received her with great joy, and in a few days they were 
rnarried. Cinderella, who was as good as she was beauti- 
ful, took her sisters to live in the palace, and shortly after- 
wards matched them to two great lords of the court, and 
they all lived happily ever afterwards. 



LEAF THIRTY-FIVE 



THE FAIRY THIEVES 



I 



INCE upon a time there was an old farmer who was sorely 
)thered by the unsettling of his barn. However straight 
he laid his sheaves over-night on the threshing-floor for the 
morning's flail, when morning came, all was topsy-turvy, 
higgledy-pigg- 
ledy, though the 
door remained 
locked. R e- 
solvedtofindout 
who played him 
these pranks, he 
couched himself 
one night deeply 
among the 
sheaves, and 
watched for the 
enemy. At 
length midnight 
arrived, the barn 
was lit up as if 
by moonbeams 
of wonderful 
brightness, and 
through the key- 
hole came thou- 
sands of elves, 
the tiniest that 
could be im- 
agined. They immediately began their gambols among 
the straw, which was soon in wild disorder. He wondered, 
but interfered not ; and at last the fairy thieves began to 
busy themselves in a new way, for each elf set about con- 
veying the crop away, a straw at a time with astonishing 

169 




lyo 



Fairy Gold 



activity, through the keyhole, which resembled the door 
of a bee-hive, on a sunny day in June. The goodman 
was already in a rage at seeing his corn vanish in this 
fashion, when one of the fairies said to another in the 
tiniest voice that ever was heard, — 

" / weat, you weatP " 

He could contain himself then no longer. He leaped 
out crying, — 

** The foul fiend ' weat^ ye. 
Let me get at yeT^ 

With that, they all flew away, so frightened that they 
never disturbed him or his barn any more. 




LEAF THIRTY-SIX 



THE FAIRY FISH 



The dolphin is a monster of the sea, and it hath no voice, 
but it singeth like a man, and toward a tempest it playeth 
upon the water. Some say when they be taken that they 
weep. The dolphin hath no ears for to hear nor no nose 
for to smell, yet it smelleth very well and sharp. And it 
sleepeth upon the water very heartily, that they be heard 
snore afar off, and they live a hundred and forty years, 
and they gladly hear playing on instruments, as lutes, 
harps, tabors and pipes. They have many young, and 
among them all be two old ones, that if it fortuned one of 
the young to die, then these old ones will bury them deep 
in the ground of the sea, because other fishes should not 
eat this dead dolphin ; so well they love their young. 
There was once a king that had taken a dolphin, which 
he caused to be bound with chains fast at a haven where 
the ships come in at, and there was always the most 
piteous weeping and lamenting that the king could not 
bear it for pity, but let him go again. 




LEAF THIRTY-SEVEN 

ECHEOLA 

EcHEOLA is a mussel in which fish is a precious stone. 
For by night they float to the water-side and there they 
receive the heavenly dew, wherethrough there groweth in 
them a costly margaret, or Orient pearl. There they 
float a great many together, and he that knoweth the 
water best goeth before and leadeth the other ; and when 
he is taken, all the others scatter abroad and get them 
away. 




172 



LEAF THIRTY-EIGHT 

SERRA 

Jerra is a fish with great teeth, and on his back he hath 
sharp fins like the comb of a cock and jagged like a saw, 
wherewith this monstrous fish cutteth a ship through, and 
when he seeth a ship coming, then he setteth up his fins 
and thinketh to sail with the ship as fast as it, but when 
he seeth that he cannot continue, then he letteth his fins 
fall again and destroyeth the ship with the people, and 
then eateth the dead bodies. 

Note. — Scylla is a monster in the sea between Italy and 
Sicily; it is a great enemy unto man. It is faced and 
handed like a gentlewoman, but it hath a wide mouth and 
fearful teeth, and it is tailed like a dolphin. It heareth 
gladly singing. It is in the water so strong that it cannot 
be overcome, but on the land it is but weak. 




^Th 



LEAF THIRTY-NINE 



THE MERMAID 



Syren, the mermaid, is a deadly beast that bringeth a 
man gladly to death. From the middle up she is like a 
woman, with a dreadful face and long, slimy hair, and 

great body, and is 
like the eagle in the 
lower part, having 
feet and talons to 
tear asunder such 
as she getteth. Her 
tail is scaled like a 
fish, and she singeth 
a manner of sweet 
song, and therewith 
deceiveth many a 
good mariner, for 
when they hear it 
they fall asleep 
commonly, and 
then she cometh, 
and draweth them 
outofthe ship, and 
teareth them a- 
sunder ; but the 
wise mariners stop 
their ears when they see her, for when she playeth on the 
water, they all be in fear, and then they cast out an empty 
barrel to let her play with it till they be past her. This is 
specified of them that have seen it. There be also in some 
places in Arabia serpents named sirens, that run faster than 
a horse and have wings to fly. 




174 



LEAF FORTY 



THE SLEEPING BEAUTY 




HERE was formerly, in a distant country, 
a king and a queen, the most beautiful 
and happy in the world ; having nothing 
to cloud their delight, but the want of 
children to share in their happiness. 
This was their whole concern : physi- 
cians, waters, vows and offerings were 
tried, but all to no purpose. At last, 
however, after long waiting, a daughter was born. At the 
christening the princess had seven fairies for her god- 
mothers, who were all they could find in the whole kingdom, 
that every one might give her a gift. 

The christening being over, a grand feast was prepared 
to entertain and thank the fairies : before each of them 
was placed a magnificent cover, with a spoon, a knife, and 
a fork, of pure gold and exquisite workmanship, set with 
divers precious stones ; but as they were all sitting down 
at the table, they saw come into the hall a very old fairy, 
whom they had not invited, because it was near fifty years 
since she had been out of a certain tower, and was thought 
to have been either dead or enchanted. 

The king ordered her a cover, but could not furnish 
her with such a case of gold as the others had, because he 
had only seven made for the seven fairies. The old 
fairy, thinking she was slighted by not being treated in the 
same manner as the rest, murmured out some threats 
ibetween her teeth. 

One of the young fairies who sat by her, overheard how 
the grumbled, and judging that she might give the little 
)rincess some unlucky gift, she went, as soon as she rose 
rom the table, and hid herself behind the hangings, that 
le might speak last, and repair, as much as she possibly 
mid, the evil which the old fairy might intend. 
175 



176 Fairy Gold 

In the meantime all the fairies began to give their gifts 
to the princess in the following manner : — 

The youngest gave her a gift that she should be the 
most beautiful person in the world. 

The second, that she should have wit like an angel. 

The third, that she should have a wonderful grace in 
everything that she did. 

The fourth, that she should sing like a nightingale. 

The fifth, that she should dance like a flower in the wind. 

And the sixth, that she would play on all kinds of 
musical instruments to the utmost degree of perfection. 

The old fairy's turn coming next, she advanced forward, 
and, with a shaking head, that seemed to shew more spite 
than age, she said, — That the princess, when she was 
fifteen years old, would have her hand pierced with a 
spindle, and die of the wound. 

This terrible gift made the whole company tremble, 
and every one of them fell a-crying. 

At this very instant the young fairy came out from 
behind the curtains and spoke these words aloud : 
" Assure yourselves, O King and Queen, that your 
daughter shall not die of this disaster. It is true, I have 
not the power to undo what my elder has done. The 
princess shall indeed pierce her hand with a spindle ; but, 
instead of dying, she shall only fall into a profound sleep, 
which shall last a hundred years, at the end of which time 
a king's son shall come, and awake her from it." 

The king, to avoid this misfortune told by the old 
malicious fairy, caused at once his royal command to be 
issued forth, whereby every person was forbidden, upon 
pain of death, to spin with a distaff or spindle ; nay, even 
so much as to have a spindle in any of their houses. 

About fifteen or sixteen years after, the king and queen 
being gone to one of their houses of pleasure, the young 
princess happened one day to divert herself by wandering 
up and down the palace, when, going up from one apart- 
ment to another, she at length came into a little room at 
the top of the tower, where an old woman, all alone, was 
spinning with her spindle. 

Now either she had not heard of the king's command 
issued forth against spindles, or else it was the wicked fairy 
who had taken this disguise. 



i 



The Sleeping Beauty 177 

" What are you doing here, Goody ? " said the princess. 
" I am spinning, my pretty child," said the old woman. 
" Ha ! " said the princess, " that is very amusing : how do 
you do it ? give it to me that I may see if I can do so too." 
The old woman gave it her. She had no sooner taken it 
into her hand than, whether being very hasty at it, and 
somewhat awkward, or that the decree of the spiteful fairy 
had caused it, is not to be certainly known ; but, however, 
sure it is that the spindle immediately ran into her hand, 
and she directly fell down upon the ground in a swoon. 
Thereupon the old woman cried out for help, and people 
came in from every quarter in great numbers : some threw 
water upon the princess's face, unlaced her, struck her on the 
palms of her hands, and rubbed her temples with Hungary 
water ; but all they could do did not bring her to herself. 

The good fairy who had saved her life, by condemning 
her to sleep one hundred years, was in the kingdom of 
Matakin, twelve thousand leagues off, when this accident 
befell the princess ; but she was instantly informed of it 
by a little dwarf, who had boots of seven leagues, that is, 
boots with which he could tread over seven leagues of 
ground at one stride. The fairy left the kingdom immedi- 
ately, and arrived at the palace about an hour after, in a 
fairy chariot drawn by dragons. 

The king handed her out of the chariot and she approved 
of everything he had done ; but as she had a very great 
foresight, she thought that when the princess should awake, 
she might not know what to do with herself, being all alone 
in the old palace ; therefore she touched with her wand 
everything in the palace, except the king and the queen — 
governesses, maids of honour, ladies of the bed-chamber, 
gentlemen, officers, stewards, cooks, under-cooks, scullions, 
guards, with their beef-eaters, pages, and footmen ; she 
likewise touched all the horses that were in the stables, as 
well pads as others, the great dog in the outer court, and 
the little spaniel that lay by her on the bed. 

Immediately on her touching them they all fell asleep, 
that they might not wake before their mistress, and that 
they might be ready to wait upon her when she wanted 
them. The very spits at the fire, as full as they could be 
of partridges and pheasants, and everything in the place, 
hether alive or not, fell asleep also. 

M 



lyS Fairy Gold 

All this was done in a moment, for fairies are not long 
in doing their business. 

And now the king and queen, havingkissed their child with- 
out waking her, went very sorrowfully forth from the palace, 
and issued a command that no one should come near it. 
This, however, was not needed ; for in less than a quarter 
of an hour, there got up all round the park such a vast 
number of trees, great and small bushes, and brambles, 
twined one within the other, that neither man nor beast could 
pass through, so that nothing could be seen but the very 
tops of the towers, and not that even, unless it were a good 
way off. Nobody doubted but that here was an extra- 
ordinary example of the fairies' art, that the princess, while 
she remained sleeping, might have nothing to fear from 
any curious people. 

When a hundred years were gone and past, the son of a 
king then reigning, who was of another family from that of 
the sleeping princess, being out a-hunting on that side of 
the country, asked what these towers were which he saw 
in the midst of a great thick wood. Every one answered 
according as they had heard ; some said it was an old 
ruinous castle haunted by spirits; others, that all the 
sorcerers and witches kept their sabbath or weekly meeting 
in that place. 

The most common opinion was, that an ogre lived there, 
and that he carried thither all the little children he could 
catch, that he might eat them up at his leisure, without 
anybody being able to follow him, as having himself only 
power to pass through the wood. 

The prince was at a stand, not knowing what to believe, 
when an aged man spoke to him thus, — 

" May it please your highness, it is about fifty years since 
I heard from my father, who heard my grandfather say, 
that there was then in that castle a princess, the most 
beautiful that was ever seen ; that she must sleep there 
for a hundred years, and would be wakened by a king's 
son, whom she was a- waiting." 

The young prince was all on fire at these words, believing 
without considering the matter, that he could put an end 
to this rare adventure ; and pushed on by love and ambi- 
tion, resolved at that moment to attempt it. 

Scarce had he advanced towards the wood, when all the 



The Sleeping Beauty 179 

great trees, the bushes, the brambles, gave way of their own 
accord, and let him pass through. He went up to the 
castle, which he saw at the end of a large avenue, and 
entered into it ; what not a little surprised him was, he saw 
none of his people could follow him, because the trees 
closed again, as soon as he passed through them. 

However, he did not cease from valiantly pursuing his 
way. He came into a spacious outward court, where every- 
thing he saw might have frozen up the most hardy person 
with horror. There reigned all over a most frightful 
silence, the image of death everywhere showing itself, and 
there was nothing to be seen but stretched out bodies of 
men and animals, seeming to be dead. He, however, very 
well knew by the rosy faces and red noses of the beef- 
eaters that they were only asleep ; and their goblets, wherein 
still remained some few drops of wine, plainly showed that 
they had fallen asleep while drinking. 

He then, crossing a court paved with marble, went up- 
stairs, and came into the guard-chamber, where the guards 
were standing in their ranks, with their halberds on their 
shoulders, and snoring as loud as they could. After that 
he went through several rooms full of gentlemen and ladies 
all asleep, some sitting and some standing. 

V^m At last he came into a chamber all gilt with gold ; here 

i^Bie saw, upon a bed, the curtains of which were all open, 
the fairest sight that ever he beheld — a princess who ap- 
peared to be about fifteen or sixteen years of age, and 
whose resplendent beauty had in it something divine. He 
approached with trembling and admiration, and fell down 
before her on his knees. And now the enchantment was 
at an end ; the princess awaked, and looking at him kindly, 
said, " Is it you, my prince ? I have waited for you a long 

»me?" 

I^r The prince, charmed with these words, and much more 
with the manner in which they were spoken, answered that 
he loved her better than the whole world. Then they 
talked for four hours together and yet said not half of what 
they had got to say. 

In the meantime all the palace awaked, every one think- 
ing on his particular business. The chief lady of honour, 
being ready to die of hunger, grew very impatient, and 
old the princess aloud, that supper was served up. The 



i 



i8o 



Fairy Gold 



prince then gave her his hand ; though her attire was very 
magnificent, his royal highness did not forget to tell her 
that she was dressed like his great-grandmother ; but how- 
ever, she looked not the less beautiful and charming for 
all that. They went into the great hall of looking-glasses, 
where they held the wedding supper, and were served by 
the officers of the princess ; the violins and hautboys played 
all old tunes, but very excellent, though it was now about 
a hundred years since they had any practice. After supper 
the lord almoner married them in the chapel of the castle, 
and they lived happily ever afterwards. 




LEAF FORTY-ONE 

THE FAIRY BANQUET 

There is a town a few miles distant from the Eastern Sea, 
near which are those celebrated waters commonly called 
Gipse. ... A tinsmith of this town went once to see a 
friend who lived in the next town, and it was late at night 
when he was riding back, not very sober ; when lo ! from 
the adjoining barrow, which I have often seen, and which 
is not much over a quarter of a mile from the town, he 
heard the voices of people singing, and, as it were joyfully 
feasting. 

He wondered who they could be that were breaking in 
that place, by their merriment, the silence of the dead 
night, and he wished to examine into the matter more 
closely. Seeing a door open in the side of the barrow, he 
went up to it, and looked in ; and there he beheld a large 
and luminous house, full of people, women as well as men, 
who were reclining as at a solemn banquet. One of the 
fairy servants, seeing him standing at the door, offered him 
a cup of wine. He took it, but would not drink ; and 
pouring out the contents he kept the cup, and made haste 
away with it. 

A great tumult arose at the banquet on account of his 
taking away the cup, and all the guests pursued him; 
but he escaped by the fleetness of the pony he rode, and 
got into the town with his booty. Finally, this vessel of 
some unknown metal, of rare colour and extraordinary 
form, was presented to Henry the Elder, king of the 
English, as a valuable gift. It was then given to the 
queen's brother David, king of the Scots, and was kept for 
several years in the treasury of Scotland ; and a few years 
ago (as I have heard), it was given by William, king of the 
cots, to Henry the Second. 



I 



i8i 



LEAF FORTY-TWO 

TWO CHARMS 

I. A charm at bedtime 

Bring the holy crust of bread, 
Lay it underneath the head ; 
'Tis a certain charm to keep 
Hags away while children sleep ! 

\\. A charm at getting-up-time 

In the morning when ye rise, 

Wash your hands and cleanse your eyes, 

Next, be sure ye have a care 

To disperse the water far : 

For as far as that doth light. 

So far keeps the evil sprite. 








IE 



LEAF FORTY-THREE 

LITTLE RED RIDING-HOOD 

NCE upon a time there was a little 
village-girl, the prettiest ever seen : her 
mother doted upon her, and so did her 
grandmother. She, good woman, made 
for her a little red hood which suited 
her so well, that everyone called her 
Little Red Riding-Hood. 

One day her mother, who had just 
made some cakes, said to her : " My dear, you shall go 
and see how your grandmother is, for I have heard she 
is ailing ; take her this cake and this little pot of butter." 
Litte Red Riding-Hood started off at once for her 
grandmother's cottage, which was in another village. 

While passing through a wood she met a wolf, who 
would have liked well to have eaten her; but he dared 
not, because of some wood-cutters who were hard by in 
the forest. So he asked her where she was going. 

The poor child, who did not know it was dangerous to 
listen to a wolf, answered, " I am going to see my grand- 
mother, to take her a cake and a little pot of butter that 
my mother sends her." — " Does she live a great way off? " 
said the wolf. — " Oh, yes ! " said Little Red Riding-Hood, 
" she lives beyond the mill you see right down there, in 
the first house in the village." — " Well," said the wolf, " I. 
shall go and see her too. I shall take this road, and do 
you take that one, and let us see who will get there first ! " 
The wolf set off" at a gallop along the shortest road ; but 
the little girl took the longest way and amused herself by 
gathering nuts, running after butterflies, and plucking 
'aisies and buttercups. 

The wolf soon reached her grandmother's cottage ; he 
nocks at the door, rap, rap. " Who's there ? " " 'Tis 
your grand-daughter Little Red Riding-Hood," said the 
olfin a shrill voice, " and I have brought you a cake and 
183 



1 84 



Fairy Gold 



a little pot of butter that my mother sends you." The 
good old grandmother, who was ill in bed, called out, 
" Pull the bobbin and the latch will go up ! " The wolf 
pulled the bobbin, and the door opened. He leaped on 
the old woman and gobbled her up in a minute ; for he 
had had no dinner for three days past. 

Then he shut the door and rolled himself up in the 
grandmother's bed, to wait for Little Red Riding-Hood. 

In a while she came knocking at the door, rap, rap. 
'* Who's there ? " Little Red Riding-Hood, who heard the 

gruff voice of the wolf, was 
frightened at first, but thinking 
that her grandmother had a 
cold, she answered, " 'Tis your 
grand- daughter, Little Red 
Riding-Hood, and I have 
brought you a cake and a 
little pot of butter that my 
mother sends you. " Then the 
wolf called to her in as soft a 
voice as he could, " Pull the 
bobbin and the latch will go 
up." Little Red Riding-Hood 
pulled, the bobbin and the door 
opened. 

When the wolf saw her come 
in he covered himself up with 
the clothes, and said, "Put the 
cake and the little pot of 
butter on the chest, and come 
and lie down beside me." Little Red Riding-Hood took 
off her cloak and went over to the bed ; she was full of 
surprise to see how strange her grandmother looked in 
her night-cap. She said to her then, " Oh, grandmamma, 
grandmamma, what great arms you have got ! " 
" All the better to hug you with, my dear ! " 
" Oh, grandmamma, grandmamma, what great legs you 
have got ! " 

" All the better to run with, my dear ! " 
" Oh, grandmamma, grandmamma, what great ears you 
have got ! " 

** All the better to hear with, my dear ! " 




Little Red Riding-Hood 185 

"Oh, grandmamma, grandmamma, what great eyes you 
have got ! " 

** All the better to see with, my dear ! " 

" Oh, grandmamma, grandmamma, what great teeth you 
^have got ! " 

" All the better to gobble you up ! " 

So saying, the wicked wolf leaped on Little Red Riding- 
[ood and gobbled her up. 




LEAF FORTY-SIX 

THE PARTING OF THE FAIRIES 

On a Sabbath morning, all the inmates of a little hamlet 
had gone to church, except a herd-boy, and a little girl, 
his sister, who were lounging beside one of the cottages, 
when just as the shadow of the garden-dial had fallen on 
the line of noon, they saw a long cavalcade ascending out 
of the ravine, through the wooded hollow. It wound 
among the knolls and bushes, and turning round the 
nothern gable of the cottage, beside which the sole 
spectators of the scene were stationed, began to ascend 
the eminence towards the south. The horses were shaggy 
diminutive things, speckled dun and grey ; the riders 
stunted, misgrown, ugly creatures, attired in antique jerkins 
of plaid, long grey cloaks, and little red caps, from under 
which their wild uncombed locks shot out over their cheeks 
and foreheads. The boy and his sister stood gazing in 
utter dismay and astonishment, as rider after rider, each 
more uncouth and dwarfish than the other which had pre- 
ceded it, passed the cottage and disappeared among the 
brushwood, which at that period covered the hill, until at 
length the entire rout, except the last rider, who lingered 
a few yards behind the others, had gone by. 

" What are you, little mannie ? and where are ye going ? " 
inquired the boy, his curiosity getting the better of his 
fears. 

" Not of the race of Adam," said the creature, turning 
for a moment in its saddle, " the people of peace shall 
never more be seen in Scotland." 



1 86 



LEAF FORTY-NINE 



THE WEE WEE MAN 

As I was walking all alone, 

Between the water and the green ; 

There I spied a wee wee man, 

The least wee man that ever was seen. 




His legs were scarce an effet's length, 
But thick his arm as any tree ; 

Between his brows there was a span, 
Between his shoulders there were three. 
187 



1 88 Fairy Gold 

He took up a boulder stone, 
And flung it far as I could see ; 

Though I had been a miller's man, 
I could not lift it to my knee. 

" O, wee wee man, but thou art Strang ! 

O tell me where thy haunt may be ? " 
" My dwelling's down by yon bonny bower, 

O will you mount and ride with me ? " 

On we leapt, and off we rode, 

Till we came to far-away ; 
We lighted down to bait our horse. 

And out there came a bonny may. 

Four-and-twenty at her back. 

And they were all dressed out in green ; 
And though King Harry had been there, 

The worst o' them might be his queen. 

On we leapt, and off we rode. 
Till we came to yon bonny hall ; 

The roof was o' the beaten gold. 
Of gleaming crystal was the wall. 

When we came to the door of gold, 
The pipes within did whistle and play ; 

But ere the tune of it was told. 
My wee wee man was clean away. 




LEAF FIFTY 

THE FAREWELL TO THE FAIRIES 

Farewell, you elves and Fairies ! 

Good housewives now may say ; 

For now foul sluts in dairies, 

Do fare as well as they. 
And though they sweep their hearths no less 

Than maids were wont to do, 
Yet who of late for cleanliness 

Finds sixpence in her shoe ? 

At morning and at evening both 

You merry were and glad ; 

So little care of sleep and sloth, 

These pretty ladies had. 
When Tom came home from labour, 

Or Ciss to milking rose. 
Then merrily went their tabour 

And nimbly went their toes. 

A tell-tale in their company 

They never could endure ; 

And whoso kept not secretly 

Their mirth was punish'd sure. 
But now, alas ! they all are dead, 

Or else they take their ease. 
Or far in fairyland are fled, 

Or gone beyond the seas. 



i«9 



PART III 
»ATER FAIRY TALES AND RHYMES 




MELILOt 



THE THREE NEIGHBOURS OF MELILOT 

T had been raining for ten months, and 
everybody felt as if it had been raining 
for ten years. In the driest part of the 
country, in the driest corners of the 
driest houses, there was damp. Who- 
ever came near a fire began to steam; 
whoever left the fire began to moisten 
as the damp entered the clothes. 
There was a breath of wet on everything in-doors, and 
Melilot was wet through when she came to the door of a 
broken-roofed cottage that stood in a marsh between two 
lakes. 

Melilot was a pretty girl of twelve, who had lived in a 
cottage up the mountains, as the only child of hard- 
working parents, who taught her all that was good, and 
whose one worldly good she was ; for they had nothing to 
eat but what they could force to grow out of a stony patch 
of ground upon the mountain-side. They had loved 
Melilot, and they loved each other. To feed their little 
one they had deprived themselves, till when the rain 
running down the mountain-side had washed away their 
little garden crops, first the mother died — for she it was 
who had denied herself the most — and then the father 
also died in a long passion of weeping. The nearest 
neighbours occupied the cottage in the valley on the marsh 
between the lakes. In hunger and grief, therefore, Melilot 
went down to them to ask for human help. 

From Melilot 's home it was a long way up to the peak 

of the mountains, and a long way down to the marshy 

valley in which lay the two lakes with a narrow spit of 

earth between them, and a black rocky mountain over- 

N 193 

Ik 



194 Fairy Gold 

hanging them upon the other side. A gloomy defile, 
between high rocks, led out of the valley on the one side, and 
on the other side it opened upon a waste of bog, over which 
the thick mist brooded, and the rain now fell with never- 
ending plash. 

The runlets on the mountain formed a waterfall that, 
dashing over a smooth wall of rock, broke into foam on 
the ragged floor of a great rocky basin near Melilot's 
cottage door. Then after a short rush, seething and 
foaming down a slope rugged with granite boulders, the 
great cataract fell with a mighty roar over another precipice 
upon the stream that, swollen by the rains almost into a 
river, carried its flood into one of the lakes. It was partly 
by this waterfall that the path down into the valley ran. 

MeHlot knew that her father, when alive, had avoided 
the people in the lake cottage, and had forbidden her, 
although they were the only neighbours, to go near their 
dweUing. But her father now was dead, and her mother 
was dead, and there was need of human help if she would 
bury them. Her father, too, had told her that when she 
was left helpless she would have to go out and serve others 
for her daily bread. To what others than these could the 
child look ? So by the stony side of the stream, and by the 
edge of the lake, her only path in the marsh, Melilot came 
down shivering and weeping through the pitiless rain, and 
knocked at the door of the lake cottage. 

" Who's that ? " asked a hoarse voice inside. 

"That's Melilot from up above us," said a hoarser 
voice. 

" Come in then, little Melilot," another voice said, that 
was the hoarsest of the three. 

The child flinched before opening the door, but she did 
open it, and set one foot over the threshold ; then she 
stopped. There was nothing in the cottage but a muddy 
puddle on the floor, into which rain ran from the broken 
roof. Three men sat together in the puddle, squatted 
like frogs. They had broad noses and spotted faces, and 
the brightest of bright eyes, which were all turned to look 
at Melilot when she came in. 

" We are glad to see you, Melilot," said the one who 
sat in the middle, holding out a hand that had all its 
fingers webbed together. He was the one who had the 



Melilot 195 

hoarsest voice. " My friend on the right is Dock, Dodder 
sits on my left, and I am Squill. Come in and shut the 
door behind you." 

Melilot had to choose between the dreary, empty world 
outside, and trust in these three creatures — who were more 
horrible to look at than I care to tell. She hesitated only for 
an instant, then went in and shut the door behind her. 

" A long time ago your father came to us, and he went 
out and shut the door upon us. You are wiser than your 
father, little girl." 

" My father, oh, my dear father ! " began Melilot, and 
fell to weeping bitterly. 

"Her father is dead," said Dock, who was the least 
hoarse. 

*" And her mother too," said Dodder, who was hoarser. 
*' And she wants us to help her to bury them," croaked 
Squill. 

"She is fainting with hunger," said Dock. 

" She is dying of hunger and grief," said Dodder. 

" And we have nothing to offer her but tadpoles, which 
she cannot eat," said Squill. 

" Dear neighbours, I am nothing," said the child. " I 
do not know that I am hungry. But if you would come 
with me and help me." 

" She asks us to her house," said Dock. 

" We may go," said Dodder, " if we are invited." 

" Little Melilot," said Squill then, in his hoarsest tone of 
all, " we will all follow you to the mountain hut." Then 
the three ugly creatures splashed out of their pool, and 
moved, web-footed too, about their cottage with ungainly 
hopping. Melilot all the while only thanked them, frankly 
looking up into their bright eyes, that were eager, very 
eager, but not cruel. 



I 



THE MOUNTAIN HUT 



Melilot, with her three wonderful neighbours, Dock, 
Dodder and Squill, hopping arm in arm behind her, and 
getting a good hold on the stones with their web feet, 
began to climb the mountain. Rain still poured out of 



196 



Fairy Gold 



the sky ; runlets flooded their path, and the great cataract 
roared by their side. The faint and hungry child had 
climbed but half the way to her desolate home when she 
swooned, and was caught in the arms of Squill. 

" Sprinkle water," said Dock. 

" No need of that," said Dodder. 

" It will not be right for us to carry her," said Squill. 

Either because there was more than a sprinkling of 
water, or because of her own stout young heart, Melilot 
recovered and climbed on. They reached the hut, and 
when there, the three neighbours at once bestirred them- 
selves. Because of the flood outside, they dug the graves 
under the roof, one on each side of the hearth, for 
Melilot's dead father and mother, and so buried them. 
Then the child made her friends sit down to rest ; one in 
her father's chair, one in her mother's, and one on her own 
little stool. She raked the embers of the fire and put on 
fresh wood until a blaze leapt up that was strong enough 
to warm them before she would turn aside. Then standing 
in a corner by the morsel of window that looked out 
towards the waterfall, she gave way to her sobbing. But 
again — brave little heart — conquering herself, she came 
forward to where the monsters were sitting, with their legs 
crossed, basking in the firelight, and said, " I am sorry, 
dear, kind neighbours, that I have no supper to ofler you." 

" Nay, but you have," said Dock. 

The child followed the glance of his eyes, and saw that 
on her father's grave there stood a loaf of bread, and on 
her mother's grave a cup of milk. 

"They are for you, from the good angels." She said, 
"Oh, I am thankful!" Then Melilot broke the bread 
into three pieces, and gave a piece to each, and held the 
milk for them when they would drink. 

" She is famished herself," said Dodder. 

" We must eat all of it up," said Squill. 

So they ate all of it up ; and while they ate, there was 
no thought in the child's heart but of pleasure that she 
had this bread to give. 

When they had eaten all, there was another loaf upon 
the father's grave, and on the mother's grave another and 
a larger cup of milk. 

" See there ! " Dock said. 




Melilot 197 

"** Whose supper is that ? " asked Dodder. 

" It must be for the pious little daughter Melilot, and 
no one else," said Squill. 

The three neighbours refused to take another crumb ; 
they had eaten so much tadpole, they said, for their 
dinners. Melilot, therefore, supped, but left much bread 
and milk, secretly thinking that her friends would require 
breakfast, if they should consent to stay with her through- 
out the night. It was long since the sun set, reddening 
the mists of the plain, and now the mountain path beside 
the torrent was all dark and very perilous. The monsters 
eagerly watched their little hostess with their brilliant eyes, 
and assented, as it seemed, with exultation, to her wish 
that they would sleep in the hut. There were but two 
beds under its roof — Melilot's own little straw pallet, and 
that on which her parents were to sleep no more, on which 
she was no more to kneel beside them in the humble 
morning prayer. With sacred thoughts of hospitality the 
child gave up to the use of those who had smoothed for 
her dear parents a new bed, the bed that was no longer 
theirs ; and the three monsters, after looking at her grate- 
fully, lay down on it together and went to sleep on it, 
with their arms twisted about each other's necks. The 
child looked down upon them, clinging together in their 
sleep as in their talk, and saw a weariness of pain defined 
in many a kindly-turned line of their half frog-like faces. 
If one stirred in sleep, it was to nestle closer to the other 
two. " How strange," she said to herself, " that I should 
at first have thought them ugly ! " Then she knelt in 
prayer by her little nest of straw, and did not forget them 
in her prayers. There was a blessing on them in her 
heart as she lay down to sleep. 

But when Melilot lay down with her face towards the 
hearth, the dying embers shone with a red light on the 
two solemn graves. She turned her face to the wall, and 
the rush of the torrent on the other side was louder than 
the passion of her weeping. But the noise of the water- 
fall first soothed her, and then, fixing her attention, drew 
her from her bed towards the little window, from which 
she was able to look out into the black night through 
which it roared. A night not altogether black, for there 
was a short lull in the rain, though the wind howled round 



198 Fairy Gold 

the mountain, and through a chance break in the scurrying 
night-clouds the full moon now and then flashed, lighting 
the lakes in the valley far below, and causing the torrent 
outside the window to gleam through the night shadows 
of the great rocks among which it fell. Could it be the 
song of busy Fairies that came thence to the child's ear ? 

' ' Up to the moon and cut down that ray ! 
In and out the foam -wreaths plaiting ; 
Spin the froth and weave the spray ! 
Melilot is watching ! Melilot is waiting ! 
Pick the moonbeam into shreds, 
Twist it, twist it into threads ! 
Threads of the moonlight, yarn of the bubble, 
Weave into muslin, double and double ! 
Fold all and carry it, tarry ye not, 
To the chamber of gentle and true Melilot." 

Almost at the same moment the door of the hut opened, 
and Melilot, turning round, saw two beautiful youths enter, 
bright as the moonlight, who laid a white bale at her feet, 
and said that it came from the Fairy Muslin Works. 
Having done that, they flew out in the shape of fire-flies, 
and Melilot herself closed the door after them. It was 
her first act to shut the door, because she was bred to be 
a careful little housewife, and she thought the night-air 
would not be good for the sleepers. 

Then the child looked again at the three monsters 
cuddled together on her father's and mother's bed. " The 
Fairies have done this for me," she considered to herself, 
"that I might not have to send away kind helpers without 
a gift. White muslin is not quite the dress that will suit 
lodging such as theirs, but it is all I have ! If I could 
make them, by the time they wake, three dresses, they 
would see, at any rate, that I was glad to work for them 
as they had worked for me." 

So Melilot began measuring her neighbours with the 
string of her poor little apron ; and when she had 
measured them all, shrank, with her scissors and thread 
and the bale of fairy muslin, into the farthest corner of 
her hut, and set to work by the light of a pine-stick, 
shaded from the eyes of her guests with a screen made of 
her own ragged old frock. 

While the child stitched, the Fairies sang, and it was a 
rotvrvel to her that her jieedle never wanted threading. 



Melilot 20I 

Keeping time with her fingers to the fairy song, she worked 
with a speed that almost surpassed her desire, and al- 
together surpassed understanding. One needleful of 
thread made the three coats, and the thread, when the 
coats were made, was as long as it had been when they 
were begun. 

Very soon after dawn the white dresses were made, and 
all the muslin had been used in making them, except what 
was left in the small litter of fragments round the stool 
upon which Melilot had been at work. Three coats of 
white muslin, daintily folded, were laid by the bed of the 
three guests, and each was folded with that corner upper- 
most on which there had been written in thread its owner's 
name. Dock was worked in the corner of one ; Dodder 
in the corner of another ; and in the corner of the third 
coat, Squill. 

Then Melilot lay down for an hour's sleep, and, weary 
with grief as with toil, slept heavily. Dock, Dodder, and 
Squill were awake before her, and the first thing that each 
of them did upon waking was to look upon his new coat. 
The next thing that each of them did was to put on his 
new coat ; and after this the next thing they all did was to 
change into three beautiful Fairy youths — Dock with 
yellow hair. Dodder with brown, and Squill with black. 
Thus they stood hand in hand by the little girl's bed. 

" She has freed us, the dear child ! " said Dock. 

" She," said Dodder, " she, our darling, and our brothers 
of the waterfall." 

" She has saved nothing for herself," said Squill. " Did 
not the child once wish to wear muslin in place of these 
poor rags? I kiss them, brothers, for her sake." But 
Squill's kiss on the girl's ragged frock made it a treasure 
for an empire. 

" And I kiss the walls that sheltered us," said Dodder. 
But Dodder's kiss upon the walls changed them into a 
close network of fragrant blossoms. 

"And I kiss the lips that bade us hither," Dock said; 
and at his kiss the child smiled, and her eyes opened upon 
the three Fairies in the muslin dresses she had made. 

"Ah, Fairies," she said, "those are the dresses I made 
for my three dear neighbours. Do not take back your 
gift, although the muslin is indeed yours, and the thread 



202 Fairy Gold 

too, I know, and — and the work too, for surely it was you 
who made the needle run. I have done nothing, and am 
but a poor little child ; only I thought you meant to give 
me something to be grateful with." 

"We did not give you your good heart, dear little Melilot," 
the Fairies said ; and now their speaking was in softest 
unison. " That has done more for us than all our love and 
service will repay. We were your neighbours, but we are 
your servants now." 

" No, no, no," said the child. " I was afraid to ask to 
be your servant, because I thought last night you were too 
poor to feed me, as I am too poor and weak to feed myself. 
The angels themselves gave me bread yesterday, and I 
have some yet. But all is changed about me. Why do 
the walls flower, and why is my dress covered with glittering 
stones ? Ah, yes, I am at home," she said, for her eyes 
fell on the two graves. 

Then, as she rose to her knees, with quivering lips, the 
three Fairies went out into the sun, and stood at the door 
to see how all the rains were gone, and the bright morning 
beams played in the spray of the cataract. 

" Do you see anything between us and the sun ? " Dock 
asked of the other two. 

" A speck," said Dodder. 

" Frogbit herself," said Squill. 



Ill 

SIR CRUCIFER 

Presently Melilot bade the three Fairies come in to share 
her breakfast. She had saved bread from last night, and 
while she took it from its place among the blossoms that 
last night were mud, again the loaf of bread stood on her 
father's, and the cup of milk upon her mother's grave. " The 
angels of my father and mother feed me still," she said;. 
" I must abide under the shelter of their wings." 

The Fairies came at her bidding to eat with her ; but 
Squill, excusing himself, went to the stool about which 
were the chips and shreds of Fairy muslin. There, joining 
each to each with a stroke of his finger, he was shaping 




Mel i lot 203 

them into a little net, when Melilot, who had been sent 
out to feel the sunshine, came in, saying that there was a 
chill wind ; and though it was foolishness to think so, it 
did really seem to have come with a black raven that was 
sitting on the roof. 

" You had better strike through the roof, Frogbit," Squill 
cried, looking up. The bird croaked as if in defiance, and 
at once began to beat a way in through the flowers. As 
it did so, the leaves of the bower withered, and the 
blossoms all began to stink. 

But Squill leapt up, and holding the net he had made 
under the hole Frogbit was making, caught her as she fell 
through, and held her captured in the folds of Fairy muslin 
that seemed to stand like iron against the beating of her 
wings. 

" Poor bird !" said Melilot. 

" Our enemy, who came on a bad errand, is our prisoner," 
said Dock. 

*' Cleverly done," said Dodder. " Very cleverly done, 
brother Squill." 

But Melilot, who loved man, beast, and bird, bent over 
the fluttering raven, and was not hindered from ta'^ing it, 
net and all, to her bosom, though it struck at her fiercely 
with its great bill that, strong as it was, could not tear 
through the muslin net. 

" Poor bird ! " said the child ; " how can a raven be your 
enemy ? " 

"Theirs and yours ! " the raven herself shrieked. "Theirs 
and yours ! " 

"And mine, bird! I would do you no hurt. See, I 
kiss you." When Melilot stooped to kiss through the thin 
muslin the raven's head, the bird struggled to escape from 
the kiss with an agony of terror. 

"Nay," said the gentle child, "no evil can come of a 
true kiss." 

Good came of it; for at the touch of her kiss, the 
wicked Fairy Frogbit dropped out of the form of a raven 
into a black, shapeless lump of earth. 

" What have I done ? " the child cried, weeping. 

Then the three Fairies threw the lump of earth into the 
waterfall, and told her all that she had done. They told 
her how of old they had lived with their brother Fairies of 



204 Fairy Gold 

the Torrent till the wicked Frogbit came and turned the 
land below into a marshy wilderness, in which she ruled 
over her own evil race. One day she and her people had 
contrived to seize Titania herself, as she flew over the 
marsh on the way to her subjects of the mountain. They 
could not change her beauty, or stain her bright nature, 
but they held her prisoner for a time among their stagnant 
pools, till she was rescued in a moonlight attack by the 
Fairies of the waterfall, who left three prisoners, Dock, 
Dodder, and Squill, in the hands of the enemy. Those 
prisoners Frogbit had shut up in loathsome frog-like bodies, 
and set in the cottage between the lakes, while she brought 
down never-ending rain over the whole district, to make 
their prison more gloomy. The Fairies of the bright 
running and leaping water were condemned to sit in 
stagnant puddle, and eat tadpoles, having their own bright 
natures shut up in forms so detestable, that Frogbit hoped 
to make their case more wretched by a mockery of hope. 

" Live there," she said, " till a mortal child can look at you 
without being afraid : till there is a little girl in the world 
bold eiiough to seek you out, and trust you with all that she 
holds most sacred ; to shut herself up with you, and believe 
in you entirely ; to give up to you her own supper, and of 
her own free thought make white muslin dresses to your 
filthy shapes." 

She spoke mockingly of white muslin, because she knew 
of the old Fairy trade that had been carried on for ages on 
the mountains. There the Fairies weave after their own 
fashion into muslin the white sheets of foam ; and when 
the three prisoners had heard their doom they were not in 
despair. For although Frogbit, who had never been up 
the mountain, knew nothing of the one little hut there was 
upon it, yet all the Fairies knew it, and they knew well the 
little MeHlot. 

"Then I have really been a friend to you," the child 
said. 

"Ay," they replied, "and to Frogbit a friend. An 
innocent kiss is the charm that breaks all evil spells, and 
you have with a kiss broken the spell that raised in her a 
clod of earth into a creature of mischief. We of the 
torrent will direct the waters that they wash that clod of 
earth from which evil is banned to a place where it may 



Melilot 205 

yield lilies and violets, of which good Fairies shall be 
born." 

The three Fairies returning to their own race, were still 
Melilot's neighbours and friends, and the child grew up to 
womanhood, the favourite of all the Fairies of the waterfall. 
Her bower blossomed, and the ground about it was made 
into a delicious garden. Her dress of precious stones 
was thrown into a corner, and she was arrayed by the 
Fairies in their shining muslin that would take no soil. 
But still she found, morning and night, the only bread she 
ate upon her father's grave, and upon her mother's grave 
the milk that nourished her. 

Whether the bad Fairies over whom Frogbit had ruled 
left the marsh, Melilot did not know, but the marsh dried 
and became a great plain, which men tilled, and upon 
which at last men fought. 

Sobbing and panting, Melilot ran down the hillside 
when she saw men cased in iron galloping to and fro, and 
falling wounded to lie bleeding and uncared for on the 
quaking ground. Every fear was mastered by her sacred 
pity, and her Fairy muslin was unstained, though she knelt 
on the red mud of the battle-field and laid the wounded 
soldier's head upon her lap. None, even in the direst 
madness of the strife, could strike upon the frail white girl, 
who saw only the suffering about her, and thought only of 
wounds that she might bind. Had any struck, her muslin 
was an armour firmer than all steel ; and there was no 
rent in her dress, as she tore from it strip after strip, to 
bind rents in the flesh of men who lay in their death- 
agonies about her. 

In the tumult of flight, the defeated host parted before 
her, and sped on, still leaving her untrampled and un- 
touched. But once, reaching a white arm into the crowd, 
she caught from it a wounded soldier as he fell, and with 
the other hand seized the shaft of the spear that a fierce 
youth, hot in pursuit, thrust on his falHng enemy. She 
fainted as she did so ; and the youth, letting his spear 
drop, knelt beside her, and looked down into her face. 
His tears presently were falling on her lifeless cheek. 
The flight and the pursuit rushed by, and he was still 
kneeling beside her, when the moon rose, and three 
youths, dressed in white, stood near. 



2o6 Fairy Gold 

"Are you her brothers?" he asked. "Who is this, 
with a dress that has passed unstained through blood and 
mire, and with a face so holy ? " 

"Take her up in your arms," they said, "and we will 
show you where to carry her." 

The young soldier lifted her with reverence, and took 
her up the mountain to the bower by the waterfall. The 
scent of the flowers, when they came into its garden, gave 
fresh life to her. The soldier gently laid her down upon 
a bank of wild thyme, and looked up for the three youths, 
but they were gone. He went into the bower, and saw 
therein scanty furniture, a dress of jewels worth an empire 
thrown into a corner, and two graves, on one of which 
stood bread, and on the other milk. He brought the 
food out to the girl, and, at her bidding, broke bread with 
her. 

Now Dock, Dodder, and Squill were match-makers. 
They had made up their minds that Melilot should be to 
Sir Crucifer — that was the soldier's name — as near in 
trust and in love as her mother had been to her father. 
So they put the cottage between the two lakes into repair, 
and made him a home out of the place in which they had 
been imprisoned. There he dreamt, all the night through, 
sacred dreams of her by whose side he spent all his days. 

Much the girl heard, as she sat with the soldier by the 
waterfall, of the high struggle for all that makes man good 
and glorious, that bred the strife out of which she had 
drawn him for a little time. Much the soldier learnt as 
he sat with the girl, from a companion whose thoughts 
purified his zeal, and made his aspirations happier and 
more unbounded. One day there were words said that 
made the girl a woman ; and when she awoke on the next 
morning, her father's grave was overgrown with laurel 
bushes, and her mother's grave was lost under a wealth of 
flowering myrtle. 

But there was no food provided. 

When Sir Crucifer came to her that sunny morning, " I 
have a sign," she said. "It is time that I also take my 
part in the struggle of which you have told me. Let us 
go down together to the plains." 

She gathered for him a branch of laurel, and she plucked 
a sprig of myrtle for herself. These never faded ; they re- 



Melilot 



207 



mained green as the daughter's memory of those two dear 
ones from whose graves they came. But in all their long 
after-lives of love and labour, neither of them remembered 
the worth of an empire in stone that they left unguarded 
in a corner of the hut. 

The spray was radiant, and the foam was white as her 
bright Fairy muslin, as it floated over the strength of the 
waterfall, when Melilot and her soldier, hand in hand, 
went down the mountain. They passed out of her bower, 
she in the full flood of the sunshine, with an arm raised 
upward and a calm face turned towards him, as he, walk- 
ing in her shadow, pointed to the plains below. 





THE DEFEAT OF TIME; 

A TALE OF THE FAIRIES 

(ITANIA and her moonlight elves were 
assembled under the canopy of a huge 
oak, that served to shelter them from 
the moon's radiance, which, being now 
at her full moon, shot forth intolerable 
rays, — intolerable I mean to the subtile 
texture of their little shadowy bodies, — 
but dispensing an agreeable coolness to 
us grosser mortals. An air of discomfort sate upon the 
queen and upon her courtiers. Their tiny friskings and 
gambols were forgot ; and even Robin Goodfellow, for the 
first time in his little airy life, looked grave. For the 
queen had had melancholy forebodings of late, founded 
upon an ancient prophecy laid up in the records of Fairy- 
land, that the date of fairy existence should be then extinct 
when men should cease to believe in them. And she 
knew how that the race of the Nymphs, which were her 
predecessors, and had been the guardians of the sacred 
floods, and of the silver fountains, and of the consecrated 
hills and woods, had utterly disappeared before the chilling 
touch of man's incredulity ; and she sighed bitterly at the 
approaching fate of herself and of her subjects, which was 
dependent upon so fickle a lease as the capricious and 
ever-mutable faith of man. When, as if to realise her 
fears, a melancholy shape came gliding in, and that was — 
Time, who with his intolerable scythe mows down kings 
and kingdoms ; at whose dread approach the fays huddled 
together as a flock of timorous sheep; and the most 
courageous among them crept into acorn-cups, not endur- 
ing the sight of that ancientest of monarchs. Titania's 
first impulse was to wish the presence of her false lord, 
King Oberon, — who was far away, in the pursuit of a 
strange beauty, a fay of Indian Land, — that with his good 
lance and sword, like a faithful knight and husband, he 

208 



The Defeat of Time 209 

might defend her against Time. But she soon checked 
that thought as vain ; for what could the prowess of the 
mighty Oberon himself, albeit the stoutest champion in 
Fairyland, have availed against so huge a giant, whose 
bald top touched the skies ? So, in the mildest tone, she 
besought the spectre, that in his mercy he would overlook 
and pass by her small subjects, as too diminutive and 
powerless to add any worthy trophy to his renown. And 
she besought him to employ his resistless strength against 
the ambitious children of men, and to lay waste their 
aspiring works ; to tumble down their towers and turrets, 
and the Babels of their pride, — fit objects of his devouring 
scythe, — but to spare her and her harmless race, who had 
no existence beyond a dream ; frail objects of a creed that 
lived but in the faith of the believer. And with her little 
arms, as well as she could, she grasped the stern knees of 
Time ; and, waxing speechless with fear, she beckoned to 
her chief attendants and maids of honour to come forth 
from their hiding-places, and to plead the plea of the 
fairies. And one of those small, delicate creatures came 
forth at her bidding, clad all in white like a chorister, and 
in a low melodious tone, not louder than the hum of a 
pretty bee — when it seems to be demurring whether it 
shall settle upon this sweet flower or that before it settles, 
— set forth her humble petition. " We fairies," she said, 
"are the most inoffensive race that live, and least deserving 
to perish. It is we that have the care of all sweet melodies 
that no discords may offend the sun, who is the great soul 
of music. We rouse the lark at morn ; and the pretty 
Echoes, which respond to all the twittering choir, are of 
our making. Wherefore, great King of Years, as ever you 
have loved the music which is raining from a morning 
cloud sent from the messenger of day, the lark, as he 
mounts to heaven's gate, beyond the ken of mortals ; or if 
ever you have listened with a charmed ear to the nightbird, 
that — 

'"In the flowery spring, 
Amidst the leaves set, makes the thickets ring 
Of our sour sorrows, sweeten'd with her song — ' 

spare our tender tribes, and we will muffle up the sheep- 
bell for thee, that thy pleasure take no interruption when- 
ever thou shalt listen unto Philomel." 
o 



II 



2IO Fairy Gold 

And Time answered, that " he had heard that song too 
long; and he was even wearied with that ancient strain 
that recorded the wrong of Tereus. But, if she would 
know in what music Time delighted, it was, when sleep 
and darkness lay upon crowded cities, to hark to the mid- 
night chime which is tolling from a hundred clocks, like 
the last knell over the soul of a dead world ; or to the 
crash of the fall of some age- worn edifice, which is as the 
voice of himself when he disparteth kingdoms." 

A second female fay took up the plea, and said, " We be 
the handmaids of the Spring, and tend upon the birth of 
all sweet buds : and the pastoral cowslips are our friends ; 
and the pansies and the violets, like nuns ; and the quak- 
ing harebell is in our wardship ; and the hyacinth, once a 
fair youth, and dear to Phoebus." 

Then Time made answer, in his wrath striking the harm- 
less ground with his hurtful scythe, that, " they must not 
think that he was one that cared for flowers, except to see 
them wither, and to take her beauty from the rose." 

And a third fairy took up the plea, and said, " We are 
kindly things : and it is we that sit at evening, and shake 
rich odours from sweet bowers upon discoursing lovers, 
that seem to each other to be their own sighs ; and we 
keep off the bat and the owl from their privacy, and the 
ill-boding whistler ; and we flit in sweet dreams across the 
brains of infancy, and conjure up a smile upon its soft lips 
to beguile the careful mother, while its little soul is fled for 
a brief minute or two to sport with our youngest fairies." 

Then Saturn (which is Time) made answer, that " they 
should not think that he delighted in tender babes, that 
had devoured his own, till foolish Rhea cheated him with 
a stone, which he swallowed, thinking it to be the infant 
Jupiter." And thereat, in token, he disclosed to view his 
enormous tooth, in which appeared monstrous dents left 
by that unnatural meal ; and his great throat, that seemed 
capable of devouring up the earth and all its inhabitants 
at one meal. "And for lovers," he continued, "my 
delight is, with a hurrying hand to snatch them away from 
their love-meetings by stealth at nights ; and, in absence, 
to stand like a motionless statue, or their leaden planet of 
mishap (whence I had my name), till I make their minutes 
seem ages." 



The Defeat of Time 21 1 

Next stood up a male fairy, clad all in green, like a 
forester or one of Robin Hood's mates, and, doffing his 
tiny cap, said, " We are small foresters, that live in woods, 
training the young boughs in graceful intricacies, with blue 
snatches of the sky between : we frame all shady roofs and 
arches rude; and sometimes, when we are plying our 
tender hatchets, men say that the tapping woodpecker is 
nigh. And it is we that scoop the hollow cell of the 
squirrel, and carve quaint letters upon the rinds of trees, 
which in sylvan solitudes sweetly recall to the mind of the 
heat-oppressed swain, ere he lies down to slumber, the 
name of his fair one, dainty Aminta, gentle Rosalind, or 
chastest Laura, as it may happen." 

Saturn, nothing moved with this courteous address, bade 
him begone, or "if he would be a woodman, to go forth 
and fell oak for the fairies' coffins which would forthwith 
be wanting. For himself he took no delight in haunting 
the woods, till their golden plumage (the yellow leaves) 
were beginning to fall, and leave the brown-black limbs 
bare, like Nature in her skeleton dress." 

Then stood up one of those gentle fairies that are good 
to man, and blushed red as any rose while he told a 
modest story of one of his own good deeds. " It chanced 
upon a time," he said, " that while we were looking for 
cowslips in the meads, while yet the dew was hanging on 
the buds like beads, we found a babe left in its swathing- 
clothes, — a little sorrowful, deserted thing, begot of love, 
but begetting no love in others ; guiltless of shame, but 
doomed to shame for its parents' offence in bringing it by 
indirect courses into the world. It was pity to see the 
abandoned little orphan left to the world's care by an 
unnatural mother. How the cold dew kept wetting its 
childish coats ! and its little hair, how it was bedabbled, 
that was like gossamer ! Its pouting mouth, unknowing 
how to speak, lay half opened like a rose-lipped shell ; and 
its cheek was softer than any peach, upon which the tears, 
for very roundness, could not long dwell, but fell off, in 
clearness like pearls, — some on the grass, and some on 
his little hand; and some haply wandered to the little 
dimpled well under his mouth, which Love himself seemed 
to have planned out, but less for tears than for smilings. 
Pity, it was, too, to see how the burning sun had scorched 



212 Fairy Gold 

its helpless limbs ; for it lay without shade or shelter, or 
mother's breast, for foul weather or fair. So, having com- 
passion on its sad plight, my fellows and I turned ourselves 
into grasshoppers, and swarmed about the babe, making 
such shrill cries as that pretty little chirping creature 
makes in its mirth, till with our noise we attracted the 
attention of a passing rustic, a tender-hearted hind, who, 
wondering at our small but loud concert, strayed aside 
curiously, and found the babe, where it lay in the remote 
grass, and taking it up, lapped it in his russet coat, and 
bore it to his cottage, where his wife kindly nurtured it 
till it grew up a goodly personage. How this babe pros- 
pered afterwards, let proud London tell. This was that 
famous Sir Thomas Gresham, who was the chiefest of her 
merchants, the richest, the wisest. Witness his many 
goodly vessels on the Thames, freighted with costly 
merchandise, jewels from Ind, and pearls for courtly 
dames, and silks of Samarcand. And witness, more than 
all, that stately Bourse (or Exchange) which he caused to 
be built, a mart for merchants from east and west, whose 
graceful summit still bears, in token of the fairies' favours, 
his chosen crest, the grasshopper. And, like the grass- 
hopper, may it please you, great king, to suffer us also to 
live, partakers of the green earth ! " 

The fairy had scarce ended his plea, when a shrill cry, 
not unlike the grasshopper's was heard. Poor Puck — or 
Robin Goodfellow, as he is sometimes called — had re- 
covered a little from his first fright, and, in one of his 
mad freaks, had perched upon the beard of old Time, 
which was flowing, ample, and majestic ; and was amusing 
himself with plucking at a hair, which was indeed so 
massy that it seemed to him that he was removing some 
huge beam of timber, rather than a hair : which Time, by 
some ill chance perceiving, snatched up the impish mis- 
chief with his great hand, and asked what it was. 

" Alas ! " quoth Puck, " a little random elf am I, bom 
in one of Nature's sports ; a very weed, created for the 
simple, sweet enjoyment of myself, but for no other pur- 
pose, worth, or need, that ever I could learn. 'Tis I that 
bob the angler's idle cork, till the patient man is ready to 
breathe a curse. I steal the morsel from the gossip's fork, 
or stop the sneezing chanter in mid psalm ; and when an 



li 



The Defeat of Time ^13 

infant has been born with hard or homely features, mothers 
say I changed the child at nurse : but to fulfil any graver 
purpose I have not wit enough, and hardly the will. I 
am a pinch of lively dust to frisk upon the wind : a tear 
would make a puddle of me ; and so I tickle myself with 
the lightest straw, and shun all griefs that might make me 
stagnant. This is my small philosophy." 

Then Time, dropping him on the ground, as a thing too 
inconsiderable for his vengeance, grasped fast his mighty 
scythe : and now, not Puck alone, but the whole state of 
fairies, had gone to inevitable wreck and destruction, had 
not a timely apparition interposed, at whose boldness 
Time was astounded ; for he came not with the habit of 
the forces of a deity, who alone might cope with Time, 
but as a simple mortal, clad as you might see a forester 
that hunts after wild conies by the cold moonshine ; or a 
stalker of stray deer, stealthy and bold. But by the 
golden lustre in his eye, and the passionate wanness in his 
cheek, and by the fair and ample space of his forehead, 
which seemed a palace framed for the habitation of all 
glorious thoughts, he knew that this was his great rival, 
who had power given him to rescue whatsoever victims 
Time should clutch, and to cause them to live for ever in 
his immortal verse. And, muttering the name of Shak- 
spere. Time spread his roc-like wings, and fled the con- 
trolling presence ; and the liberated court of the fairies, 
with Titania at their head, flocked around the gentle 
ghost, giving him thanks, nodding to him, and doing him 
courtesies, who had crowned them henceforth with a 
permanent existence, to live in the minds of men, while 
verse shall have power to charm, or midsummer moons 
shall brighten. 



What particular endearments passed between the fairies 
and their poet, passes my pencil to delineate ; but, if you 
are curious to be informed, I must refer you, gentle reader, 
to the " Plea of the Midsummer Fairies," ^ a most agree- 

' Four verses from Tom Hood's poem follow, which show to what 
dnd of tune he set the music of his Midsummer Fairies : — 



l^ind of tune I 



Twas in that mellow season of the year, 
When the hot Sun singes the yellow leaves 



214 Fairy Gold 

able poem lately put forth by my friend Thomas Hood ; 
of the first half of which the above is nothing but a 
meagre and harsh prose abstract. Farewell ! 

The words of Mercury are harsh after iJie songs of Apollo. 

Till they be gold, and with a broader sphere 

The Moon looks down on Ceres and her sheaves ; 

When more abundantly the spider weaves, 

And the cold wind breathes from a chillier clime ; 

That forth I fared, on one of those still eves, 

Touch 'd with the dewy sadness of the time, 

To think how the bright months had spent their prime. 

And lo ! upon my fix'd delighted ken 

Appear'd the loyal Fays. Some by degrees 

Crept from the primrose buds that open'd then, 
And some from bell-shap'd blossoms like the bees, 
Some from the dewy meads, and rushy leas, 
Flew up like chafers when the rustics pass ; 
Some from the rivers, others from tall trees 
Dropp'd, like shed blossoms, silent to the grass, 
Spirits and elfins small, of every class. 

Peri and Pixy, and quaint Puck the Antic, 
Brought Robin Goodfellow, that merry Swain ; 
And stealthy Mab, queen of old realms romantic, 
Came too, from distance, in her tiny wain, 

Fresh dripping from a cloud some bloomy rain, 

Then circling the bright Moon, had wash'd her car, 
And still bedew'd it with a various stain : 
Lastly came Ariel, shooting from a star, 
Who bears all fairy embassies afar. 

Anon I saw one of those elfin things, 
Clad all in white like any chorister, 
Come fluttering forth on his melodious wings, 
That made soft music at each little stir. 
But something louder than a bee's demur 
Before he lights upon a bunch of broom, 

And thus 'gan he with Saturn to confer, 

And O his voice was sweet, touch'd with the gloom 
Of that sad theme that argued of his doom ! 




ELAN THE ARMOURER 

HERE no ship is sailing, and no bird is 
flying, far away from all land, the great 
waves mingle their foam with the low, 
scudding clouds. Sea and air break 
in storm against each other. The 
lightning leaps over the rolling hills 
of water; over the falling hill-tops the 
wind hisses and the thunder - crash 
descends ; but the hills fall to rise as mountains, and the 
mountains rise to be dashed through the sky in powder by 
the fierce stroke of the gale. The roar of the beaten water, 
and the hiss of the foam swept by the hurricane into the 
upper sky, are as a whisper to the thunder-peals that crack 
as if the globe itself were being rent in twain. 

There is a red gleam tossing between heaven and earth. 
It cannot be a ship's light, for no ship could live in such 
a gale. The lightning flashes into it ; the thunder rattles 
over it. The water beats it up into the battling clouds, 
and leaves it to fall back into the depths ; but the hills of 
the sea do not cover it. Out of the lowest abyss it mounts 
again, and grows as a fire. It is a floating forge-fire, and 
a mighty anvil rides beside it, upon which a giant beats. 
The giant's calm face and his yellow hair, dragged by the 
wind, are ruddy in the blaze of his own furnace. The 
flame of the forge flickers on his naked arm as, when it is 
raised, the hammer-head plunges among the thunder-clouds 
before it falls upon the armour he is shaping. That is Elan 
who rides the Waters, terrible in strength. 

Of his strength the sea-nymphs are enamoured. In 
calm weather they play about his forge, and delight more 
in the ring of his hammer through the vault of heaven 
than in softest music of the sirens. 

From afar over the waves, the sound of the hammer 
could be heard on the shores of the kingdom of Cock- 
paidle, when there was a clear sea and no speck on the 

215 

IK 



2i6 Fairy Gold 

horizon. Sometimes at night, watchmen upon some coast 
cliff of Cockpaidle saw, like the gleam of a distant light- 
house, the moving forge-fire of Elan of the Waters twinkle 
between sky and ocean. Then the watchmen lighted their 
own signal fires upon the hill-top, and height after height 
was tipped with flame as the quick signal passed. Armed 
knights and cross-bow men then crowded the Cockpaidle 
war-galleys. The rowers strained their arms, obedient to 
the whip that urged them ; for they were in no haste of 
their own to come within reach of the giant's hammer. 
Every King Pipit, down to Pipit the Twenty-ninth-and-a- 
third, who ruled at the time of which this story tells (there 
had been ninety-one kings of the name, but many had 
their tenths and their thirds reckoned as fractions, so that 
Pipit the Eleventh had been held to mean, not the 
Eleventh King Pipit, but Pipit the Eleventh of a king) — 
every Pipit had laboured to make Elan his prisoner. For 
there was an ancient prophecy, boding destruction to the 
race of Pipits when the chained Fairy Euroe should come 
to Cockpaidle with a sword of Elan's sharpening and 
armour shapen at his ever-blazing forge. 

Pipit the Twenty-ninth-and-a-third, King of Cockpaidle, 
was the most bewildering of sovereigns. Traitors among 
his subjects dared to ask each other, very secretly, whether 
his real face must not be something shameful ; for he 
never went abroad without a mask. He had indeed a 
closet full of masks, all differing from each other, and 
cunningly devised to imitate a real face of some sort. 
Without one of these over his face — if he had a face — 
Pipit was never seen, even by the friend — if he had a 
friend — of his bosom. He was nothing in the world but 
the King of Cockpaidle. You may say, it was something 
to be that. Perhaps he himself thought so, when he stocked 
his cupboard, but he soon found it the least of a some- 
thing to be nothing in the world but that. A man who in, "Si 
one day might eat his breakfast with his cat's face on, ride 
out in his ape's face, dine in his dog's face, receive friends 
from behind a cock's face, and go to bed in the face of a 
lynx, bewildered everybody. The face he chose was 
always at odds with the mind in which he wore it. His 
words were always at odds with his thoughts, in order that 
he might be too dark for any man to see into ; he was as 



Elan the Armourer 217 

careful to avoid a true word as most men are to keep their 
mouths clean from a false one. Therefore, as people who 
speak truth are apt to believe they hear the truth from 
others, King Pipit over-reached so many neighbours during 
the first few years of his reign, that he was supposed to 
have a wonderfully clever head. 

King Pipit, in his mask as a vulture, sat on a very high 
throne in the middle of his Court. 

" Ambassador from the Estates of Brill, begone ! " he 
said ; whereupon a gentleman, in a gold coat and amber- 
satin stockings, advanced to the steps of his throne and 
knelt before him. It was etiquette in Pipit's Court, and 
held to be useful discipline for all who waited on it, that 
when ''come" was meant the word was "go," and so 
" begone " was of course Pipit for " come before me." 

"Be silent," said Pipit. Thereupon the ambassador 
from Brill began to speak, and spoke officially, saying, — 

" Sire, I am not ignorant that you wish not ill to Euroe. 
Therefore I come not to tell you that her raft is not 
wrecked upon a shoal not far from the Brill coast, and 
were it not that we do not hear from afar, day and night, 
not a sound of the hammer of Elan the Armourer, our 
ships would not have rescued her, and not have brought 
her as a guest to your great capital." 

" Tell my Admiral I shall not want him for ten years," 
King Pipit cried to his attendants. Thereupon the 
Admiral was summoned by a breathless messenger to 
come, without a moment's loss of time, into the sublimest 
presence. 

" Draw up my war-galleys on all my coasts. Let them 
lie high and dry upon the shore," said Pipit, while the 
Admiral was coming. Messengers were sent at once to 
all the coasts, ordering the war-galleys to be got ready for 
instant service. 

"When anybody sees my Admiral, let him be told," 
said Pipit, " that as there is no more work for him upon 
the seas, I shall be glad if he will look in and play 
beggar-my-neighbour with me in my private cabinet. I 
shall sit here all day to hear petitions." Thereupon he 
retired immediately, and the Court broke up. A great 
concourse of petitioners that waited at the gate was at the 
same time kicked back into holes and corners of the city. 



2i8 Fairy Gold 

Stripped of her ornaments and chained down to a raft, 
the Fairy Euroe, in form of a fair woman, had been tossed 
for many years on the wide waters. So wide were the 
waters upon which she was tossed, that never once had 
her path crossed that of the strong giant Elan. At last — 
though it may not have been clear to any one but Pipit, 
from the guarded language of the Brill ambassador — her 
raft had really struck upon a bank of sand, hardly within 
sight of the shores of Brill. Then the planks parted from 
under her, and from the chains that bound her to them. 
She stood in her fetters knee-deep in the shallow waves, 
imperishable as a Fairy, but much suffering. 

So she stood, on a warm and breezy summer's day, when 
there was no sound to be heard but the far, far distant 
clang of Elan's hammer. A flock, as it were, of white 
pigeons crossing the horizon, spread over the sea. They 
were King Pipit's war-galleys, with the sails spread, and a 
watchman upon every one of their crows' nests and high 
swan-like prows. The ships, when Euroe had been des- 
cried, drew together in a long line between her and the 
point from which the sound of the Sea Armourer's hammer 
seemed to come. Towards that point every knight pointed 
his lance, every bowman his arrow. A gilded boat, with 
a silk canopy, put off from the chief galley, and the 
Admiral himself was rowed to the fair Euroe, whose limbs 
were veiled only by the trickling ringlets of her hair. 

"Madam," the Admiral said, "seeing you wrecked, I 
stay to rescue you, although our fleet is bound upon a 
distant expedition. Suffer me to throw over you this robe 
of honour." As he said this, his men threw over her 
shoulders a white sheet of penance, painted over with all 
manner of horrid shapes. " I very deeply regret," he said, 
"that we cannot strike your chains ofl" without hurting 
you. Believe, however, that I have a master who will 
gild them." Poor Euroe 1 Her power as a Fairy was 
bound by those chains, and she was carried off" a helpless 
prisoner, while all the fleets of Cockpaidle covering her 
capture were manned with knights and bowmen ready to 
fight Elan the Armourer, should he attempt a rescue. 

When Euroe stood in the Court of Pipit, the false King 
made so low and courteous an obeisance to her that she 
was immediately seized and conveyed to his secret 



Elan the Armourer 



219 





Elan the Armourer 221 

dungeons. These dungeons were built under and near 
the royal bed-chamber. A pipe carried from each cell 
every sound of complaint, every groan, every restless 
shuffle of a foot or clank of a chain, to a reservoir in the 
air-pillow of the royal bed. When King Pipit went to 
bed, his pillow was stuffed with those sounds, that soothed 
him into easy slumber with assurance that his enemies 
were safe. Pipit the Twenty-ninth-and-a-third, Hke his 
royal predecessors, knew every captive by the sound of 
his or of her footstep, by the rub of the chain, or the tone 
of the cry of suffering, or nightly prayer. He made sure 
that he had all his groans before he slept in peace, count- 
ing them as a good monk might count his beads. When- 
ever he missed the stir of any one prisoner, he sent one 
of the jailers, who served as his grooms of the bedchamber 
to see that all was safe, and to fetch out a groan in some 
way for his full and perfect satisfaction. Obstinately silent 
prisoners were scourged when Pipit went to bed. If then 
they persisted in defrauding his pillow of a portion of its 
stuffing, at least there was contributed the sound made by 
the falling of the lash upon their skin. Into a dark cave 
beneath the royal chamber Euroe was dragged, and the 
low song she murmured was the last sound in the tyrant's 
ear before he slept. 

But in the daYkness of the night there was a cry, 
" Elan ! Elan ! " Elan the Armourer had come to 
Cockpaidle, and was walking on the land. He had 
discerned from afar the galleys of King Pipit, and the 
planks of Euroe's broken raft had floated round his anvil. 
The armour was forged, and the sharp sword was tempered. 
Therefore, shouldering his mighty hammer, and with the 
Fairy sword and armour upon his left arm. Elan marched 
over the waves to the shore of Cockpaidle, and strode over 
cliffs and hills, rivers and woods, to Pipit's capital. He 
struck no blow, but steadily walked forward with his 
hammer on his shoulder, and he walked so carefully that 
there was not a field-mouse crushed under his tread. 

But when he came to Pipit's palace he stood still, and 
raising the great hammer high into the night, struck one 
blow on the corner-stone. Then all the outer walls fell 
forward with a mighty crash, and the stones that fell upon 
the giant hurt him no more than if they had been falling 



222 Fairy Gold 

dust. When the walls fell the prisons were laid open, 
and the false King felt the night air blowing in upon him 
as he was awakened. The shock of the ruin woke him, 
and the glad shout of the captives who had made his 
pillow tremble. Pipit sat up in his bed, shivering with 
fear, and looking straight before him through the ape-faced 
mask in which it had pleased him to go to bed, dimly saw 
Elan the Armourer, who filled the night with his great 
presence. The giant had already rubbed to dust with his 
strong hand the chains of Euroe, and now a light suddenly 
poured from the cave below. The Fairy had regained her 
power as she buckled on the breastplate he had made for 
her, crowned her head with the helmet, and grasped the 
keen sword in her right hand. From the Fairy in the 
fulness of her power the light poured. 

In all the houses servant-maids jumped out of bed, 
accusing the false house-clocks ; mistresses jumped out of 
bed, accusing the overslept maids ; masters jumped out of 
bed and clamoured for their breakfasts, wondering how 
they could have slept till it was blazing noon. But maids, 
mistresses, and masters were soon running to the palace, 
crowding the great square and all the streets that led into 
it, looking up, with their hands over their eyes, at the 
blinding beauty of Euroe. She had risen as an airy spirit 
through the solid stone roof of her cave into the chamber 
of the miserable naked Pipit, and stood fully armed over 
the bed in which he knelt. He clasped his trembling 
hands before her in entreaty, and turned up to her glorious 
face his ape-mask. The terrors of the dungeons were laid 
bare to every eye ; and in the full light of Euroe's bright- 
ness Elan the Armourer stood like a massive tower. 

Then Euroe, before all the people, stretched towards 
King Pipit her unarmed hand, and plucking from his face 
the mask he wore, laid bare what was beneath that had so 
long been hidden. A great shudder ran through the 
crowd, and Pipit spread his hands over the unmasked 
horror. 

" Live the great Fairy ! " cried the people. 

" Live Euroe ! " Elan cried, with a voice that was heard 
to the remotest village on the borders of Cockpaidle. 
" Live Euroe ! Queen Euroe ! " replied in a glad shout 
every voice of man upon the land ; and upon the cry of 



Elan the Armourer 223 

the throng about the palace there seemed to roll back as 
thunder from all corners of the sky, "Live Queen Euroe." 

Then a low murmur arising grew among the crowd, and 
confused voices joined in words that altogether meant, 
" We have been Pipit's ; Pipit now is ours ! " The 
miserable king grasped at the robe of Euroe, the robe 
of shame in which he had clothed her, but upon which 
the foul painted shapes were changed to happy visions, 
glowing, as it seemed, with colour from the rainbow. 
There was no hold for Pipit on that robe. It was to his 
strained fingers as if he caught at air. 

Then Elan took up in his hand the quivering and 
quaking Pipit, as a man might grasp a sparrow, and 
lifting him out of his nest, laid him upon the ground 
among his people. There, while he still covered his 
foul face with both his hands, he knelt and prayed that 
none would trust the dangerous Euroe ; knelt and 
promised, knelt and swore, that he would constitute his 
people, if they only trusted him again, partners with 
him in power, and devote his whole life to their welfare. 
" Ah ! ah ! " they answered ; " but we know that to be 
Pipit for Grind us in slavery and make us wretched." 
" Believe me ! believe me ! " Pipit mourned. But the 
people, looking at the dungeons under dungeons exposed 
by the falling of the palace walls, pronounced this 
sentence on him and his race : — 

" Henceforth the Pipits follow their true calling. Let 
them be slaves to the turnkeys who are servants of the 
keepers in the common jails ! " 

With his hands bound to his side, so that his unmasked 
face should be open to sight, causing all by whom he 
passed to turn away their eyes in sudden loathing. Pipit 
was led to his jail-work ; and as the crowd that opened to 
make way for him closed behind him into one dense mass, 
again there rolled up to heaven the great shout, and there 
rolled back as a low thunder from all corners of the sky, 
" Live Euroe ! Queen Euroe ! " 

The high throne of the Pipits was uprooted from its 
place, and borne by a great concourse of men, women, and 
children, out into the free air. There it was set up in the 
sight of all the people. 

For two thousand years and more the bright Fairy 



224 Fairy Gold 

Euroe reigned over Cockpaidle in truth, justice, and 
mercy, and the place of the giant Elan was at her feet, 
sunning himself always in the light of her pure beauty. 
All who knew her loved her, but it was Elan who had been 
born to love her most of all. All who served her were 
true to her, but of her world of friends old Elan was the 
trustiest. 




THE PIED PIPER OF HAMELIN 

A child's story 

I 

HAMELIN Town's in Brunswick, 
By famous Hanover city ; 
The River Weser, deep and wide, 
Washes its wall on the southern side ; 
A pleasanter spot you never spied ; 
But, when begins my ditty. 

Almost five hundred years ago. 
To see townsfolk suffer so 
From vermin, was a pity. 



Rats ! 
They fought the dogs, and killed the cats, 
And bit the babies in the cradles, 
And ate the cheeses out of the vats. 

And lick'd the soup from the cook's own ladles^ 
Split open the kegs of salted sprats. 
Made nests inside men's Sunday hats, 
And even spoiled the women's chats, 

By drowning their speaking 

With shrieking and squeaking 
In fifty different sharps and flats. 

Ill 

At last the people in a body 

To the Town Hall came flocking : 
" 'Tis clear," cried they, " our Mayor's a noddy ; 

And as for our Corporation — shocking 
To think we buy gowns lined with ermine 
For dolts that can't or won't determine 
What's best to rid us of our vermin ! 
p 225 



226 Fairy Gold 

You hope, because you're old and obese, 
To find in the furry civic robe ease ? 
Rouse up, Sirs ! Give your brains a racking 
To find the remedy we're lacking, 
Or, sure as fate, we'll send you packing ! " 
At this the Mayor and Corporation 
Quaked with a mighty consternation. 

IV 

An hour they sate in council, 

At length the Mayor broke silence : 
" For a guilder I'd my ermine gown sell, 

I wish I were a mile hence 1 
It's easy to bid one rack one's brain^ 
I'm sure my poor head aches again 
I've scratched it so, and all in vain. 
Oh, for a trap, a trap, a trap ! " 
Just as he said this, what should hap 
At the chamber door but a gentle tap ? 
"Bless us," cried the Mayor, " what's that?" 
(With the Corporation as he sat, 
Looking little though wondrous fat ; 
Nor brighter was his eye, nor moister 
Than a too-long-opened oyster. 
Save when at noon his paunch grew mutinous 
For a plate of turtle green and glutinous) 
" Only a scraping of shoes at the mat ? 
Anything like the sound of a rat 
Makes my heart go pit-a-pat ! 



■" Come in ! " — the Mayor cried, looking bigger 

And in did come the strangest figure ! 

His queer long coat from heel to head 

Was half of yellow and half of red ; 

And he himself was tall and thin. 

With sharp blue eyes, each like a pin. 

And light loose hair, yet swarthy skin, 

No tuft on cheek nor beard on chin, 

But lips where smiles went out and in 

There was no guessing his kith and kin 

And nobody could enough admire 



The Pied Piper of Hamelin 227 

The tall man and his quaint attire : 

Quoth one : " It's as my great-grandsire, 

Starting up at the Trump of Doom's tone, 

Had walked this way from his painted tombstone ! " 

VI 

He advanced to the council-table : 

And, " Please your honours," said he, " I'm able, 

By means of a secret charm, to draw 

All creatures living beneath the sun, 

That creep, or swim, or fly, or run, 

After me so as you never saw ! 

And I chiefly use my charm 

On creatures that do people harm. 

The mole, and toad, and newt, and viper ; 

And people call me the Pied Piper." 

(And here they noticed round his neck 

A scarf of red and yellow stripe, 

To match with his coat of the self same check ; 

And at the scarf's end hung a pipe ; 

And his fingers, they noticed, were ever straying 

As if impatient to be playing 

Upon this pipe, as low it dangled 

Over his vesture so old-fangled.) 

"Yet," said he, "poor piper as I am, 

In Tartary I freed the Cham, 

Last June, from his huge swarms of gnats ; 

I eased in Asia the Nizam 

Of a monstrous brood of vampire-bats : 

And, as for what your brain bewilders. 

If I can rid your town of rats 

Will you give me a thousand guilders ? " 

" One ? fifty thousand ! " — was the exclamation 

Of the astonished Mayor and Corporation. 

VII 

Into the street the Piper stept, 

Smiling first a little smile. 
As if he knew what magic slept 

In his quiet pipe the while ; 
Then, like a musical adept, 
To blow the pipe his lips he wrinkled, 



228 Fairy Gold 



And green and blue his sharp eyes twinkled 
Like a candle flame where salt is sprinkled ; 
And ere three shrill notes the pipe uttered, 
You heard as if an army muttered ; 
And the muttering grew to a grumbling ; 
And the grumbling grew to a mighty rumbling ; 
And out of the houses the rats came tumbling : 
Great rats, small rats, lean rats, brawny rats. 
Brown rats, black rats, grey rats, tawny rats, 
Grave old plodders, gay young friskers. 

Fathers, mothers, uncles, cousins, 
Cocking tails and pricking whiskers, 

Families by tens and dozens. 
Brothers, sisters, husbands, wives — 
Followed the Piper for their lives. 
From street to street he piped advancing, 
And step for step they followed dancing, 
Until they came to the river Weser 
Wherein all plunged and perished 
— Save one who, stout as Julius Caesar, 
Swam across and lived to carry 
(As he the manuscript he cherished) 
To Rat-land home his commentary. 
Which was, " At the first shrill notes of the pipe, 
I heard a sound as of scraping tripe. 
And putting apples, wondrous ripe. 
Into a cider-press's gripe : 
And a moving away of pickle-tub boards. 
And a leaving ajar of conserve-cupboards. 
And the drawing the corks of train-oil flasks. 
And a breaking the hoops of butter-casks ; 
And it seemed as if a voice 
(Sweeter far than by harp or by psaltery 
Is breathed) called out, Oh, rats, rejoice ! 
The world is grown to one vast drysaltery ! 
So munch' on, crunch on, take your nuncheon, 
Breakfast, supper, dinner, luncheon ! 
And just as a bulky sugar-puncheon. 
All ready staved, like a great sun shone 
Glorious scarce an inch before me. 
Just as methought it said, Come, bore me ! 
— I found the Weser rolling o'er me." 



The Pied Piper of Hamelin 229 

VIII 

You should have heard the Hamelin people 

Ringing the bells till they rocked the steeple ; 

"Go," cried the Mayor, " and get long poles ! 

Poke out the nests and block up the holes ! 

Consult with carpenters and builders. 

And leave in our town not even a trace 

Of the rats ! " — when suddenly up the face 

Of the Piper perked in the market-place. 

With a " First, if you please, my thousand guilders ! " 

IX 

A thousand guilders ! The Mayor looked blue ; 

So did the Corporation too. 

For council dinners made rare havock 

With Claret, Moselle, Vin-de-Grave, Hock ; 

And half the money would replenish 

Their cellar's biggest butt with Rhenish. 

To pay this sum to a wandering fellow 

With a gipsy coat of red and yellow ! 

" Beside," quoth the Mayor, with a knowing wink, 

" Our business was done at the river's brink ; 

We saw with our eyes the vermin sink. 

And what's dead can't come to life, I think. 

So, friend, we're not the folks to shrink 

From the duty of giving you something for drink, 

And a matter of money to put in your poke ; 

But, as for the guilders, what we spoke 

Of them, as you very well know, was in joke. 

Beside, our losses have made us thrifty ; 

A thousand guilders ! Come, take fifty ! " 



The Piper's face fell, and he cried, 

" No trifling ! I can't wait, beside ! 

I've promised to visit by dinner time 

Bagdad, and accept the prime 

Of the Head Cook's pottage, all he's rich in. 

For having left, in the Caliph's kitchen, 

Of a nest of scorpions no survivor — 



230 Fairy Gold 

With him I proved no bargain-driver, 
With you, don't think I'll bate a stiver ! 
And folks who put me in a passion 
May find me pipe to another fashion." 



XI 

*'How?" cried the Mayor, "d'ye think I'll brook 

Being worse treated than a Cook ? 

Insulted by a lazy ribald 

With idle pipe and vesture piebald? 

You threaten us, fellow ? Do your worst, 

Blow your pipe there till you burst ! " 



XII 

Once more he stept into the street ; 

And to his lips again 
Laid his long pipe of smooth straight cane ; 

And ere he blew three notes (such sweet 
Soft notes as yet musician's cunning 

Never gave the enraptured air) 
There was a rustling, that seemed like a bustling 
Of merry crowds justling at pitching and hustling. 
Small feet were pattering, wooden shoes clattering, 
Little hands clapping, and little tongues chattering. 
And, like fowls in a farm-yard when barley is scattering, 
Out came the children running. 
All the little boys and girls. 
With rosy cheeks and flaxen curls, 
And sparkling eyes and teeth like pearls, 
Tripping and skipping, ran merrily after 
The wonderful music with shouting and laughter. 

XIII 

The Mayor was dumb, and the Council stood 

As if they were changed into blocks of wood, 

Unable to move a step, or cry 

To the children merrily skipping by — 

And could only follow with the eye 

That joyous crowd at the Piper's back. 



The Pied Piper of Hamelin 231 

But how the Mayor was on the rack, 

And the wretched Council's bosoms beat, 

As the Piper turned from the High Street 

To where the Weser rolled its waters 

Right in the way of their sons and daughters ! 

However he turned from South to West, 

And to Koppelberg Hill his steps addressed, 

And after him the children pressed ; 

Great was the joy in every breast. 

" He never can cross that mighty top ! 

He's forced to let the piping drop. 

And we shall see our children stop ! " 

When, lo, as they reached the mountain's side, 

A wondrous portal opened wide, 

As if a cavern was suddenly hollowed ; 

And the Piper advanced and the children followed^ 

And when all were in to the very last, 

The door in the mountain side shut fast. 

Did I say, all ? No ! One was lame, 

And could not dance the whole of the way ; 

And in after years, if you would blame 

His sadness, he was used to say, — 

" It's dull in our town since my playmates left ! 

I can't forget that I'm bereft 

Of all the pleasant sights they see, 

Which the Piper also promised me ; 

For he led us, he said, to a joyous land. 

Joining the town and just at hand, 

Where waters gushed and fruit-trees grew. 

And flowers put forth a fairer hue, 

And everything was strange and new ; 

The sparrows were brighter than peacocks here> 

And their dogs outran our fallow deer, 

And honey-bees had lost their stings, 

And horses were born with eagles' wings ; 

And just as I became assured 

My lame foot would be speedily cured, 

The music stopped and I stood still, 

And found myself outside the Hill, 

Left alone against my will. 

To go now limping as before. 

And never hear of that country more ! " 



232 Fairy Gold 



XIV 



Alas, alas for Hamelin 1 

There came into many a burgher's pate 

A text which says, that Heaven's Gate 

Opes to the Rich at as easy rate 
As the needle's eye takes a camel in ! 
The Mayor sent East, West, North, and South 
To offer the Piper by word of mouth. 

Wherever it was men's lot to find him. 
Silver and gold to his heart's content, 
If he'd only return the way he went, 

And bring the children behind him. 
But when they saw 'twas a lost endeavour. 
And Piper and dancers were gone for ever. 
They made a decree that lawyers never 

Should think their records dated duly 
If, after the day of the month and year. 
These words did not as well appear, 
" And so long after what happened here 

On the Twenty-second of Jiily, 
Thirteen hundred and Seventy-six : " 
And the better in memory to fix 
The place of the children's last retreat. 
They called it, the Pied Piper's Street — 
Where any one playing on pipe or tabor 
Was sure for the future to lose his labour. 
Nor suffered they Hostelry or Tavern 

To shock with mirth a street so solemn ; 
But opposite the place of the cavern 

They wrote the story on a column. 
And on the Great Church Window painted 
The same, to make the world acquainted 
How their children were stolen away ; 
And there it stands to this very day. 
And I must not omit to say 
That in Transylvania there's a tribe 
Of alien people that ascribe 
The outlandish ways and dress 
On which their neighbours lay such stress 
To their fathers and mothers having risen 
Out of some subterraneous prison 



The Pied Piper of Hamelin 233 

Into which they were trepanned 
Long time ago in a mighty band 
Out of Hamelin town in Brunswick land, 
But how or why, they don't understand. 

[. XV 

So, Willy, let you and me be wipers 

Of scores out with all men — especially pipers : 

And, whether they pipe us free, from rats or from mice, 

If we've promised them aught, let us keep our promise. 





BACON PIE 

NCE upon a time there was a great 
magician, and his name was Picrotoxin. 
His wife's name was Menisper, and she 
was not a conjurer at all, but no more 
than a simple, orderly, hard-working 
woman. Picrotoxin, being a great con- 
jurer himself, did not want two of the 
same trade under his roof. He wanted 
to agree with a good housewifely soul, who would wonder 
at him and obey him, and with whom he could forget his 
magic when he pleased, and drop down — or it might be, 
climb up — into a happy human life. They had no children, 
and they lived in a lone cottage together, on a great lump 
of a moorland hill that had a large iron beacon on the top. 
In the grate of the beacon an old man, named Moonseed, 
the only other person living on the hill, lighted a fire of 
nights for the guidance of ships in a sea channel full of 
perilous shoals, currents, and tide-ways, from which the 
broad back of the hill could be seen when clouds were not 
too low. That hill was a huge waste of stone, lichen, puff- 
ball, and fern ; of bog, moss, rush, horse-tail, and liver-wort, 
covering a tall heap of peat-bog, marshes, pools, and pebbly 
wastes of marl, cornstone, and red conglomerate, that rose 
and rose for miles about, until it came to a head wherein 
the clouds hung when there was any rain at hand. When 
the rain really came, it flooded the pools into lakes, soaked 
with water the great spongy marshes, and made of nearly 
the whole mountain a slough, over which the driving mists 
raced after one another, and the water plashed till only the 
wild ducks and the bitterns would choose to be out of 
doors. 

Quietly on the top of this hill lived Moonseed, the 
beacon-keeper. Horses could jolt a wagon-load of wood 
and coal up the great slope in any but the wettest weather. 

234 



II 



Bacon Pie 235 

Moonseed had also at his service a rough little moor pony, 
that helped him in the carrying of stores. 

Somewhere upon the side of this hill lived Picrotoxin, 
the immensely powerful magician, and his wife Menisper. 
They had no settled address, for it pleased the great man 
to move house on the most trivial occasions. Sometimes 
his house slipped down hill. Sometimes he ran it round 
from one side to another, much to the discomposure of his 
wife. For Menisper was expected to do all that a good 
cottager's wife ought to do : to cook, to market, to keep 
fowls and a pig ; and it was no small trouble to her, when 
she came from market, with a heavy basket on her arm, 
home to the place where she had left her house, and found 
that it had pleased Picrotoxin, in her absence, to move to 
the opposite side of the hill. If he had carried off the 
cottage, and forgotten to take with it the poultry and the 
pig, the poor woman had to take them along with her in a 
search over the mountain-side. Again, if Picrotoxin wished 
to keep his wife in her own natural place, and to solace 
himself in the intervals of conjuring with that happy pastoral 
life to which, as a country maid, she had been born, he 
ought not to have turned away from her hog's lard and fried 
potatoes, her rich soup of oatmeal and treacle, her hard 
buttered dumpling, or neglected to praise her bold execu- 
tion of the favourite pie of the district, made of successive 
layers of sliced apple, bacon-fat, and onion, thick layers 
and plenty of them, covered in with a stout oily pie-crust. 
Her pies could be smelt out at sea when Menisper was 
baking them ; and once a ship was wrecked in the channel 
below, because the pilot held his nose, instead of steering, 
when it was a pie-day on the hill-side. Yet Picrotoxin, 
though determined that his wife should market, make, and 
bake, was too much of a conjurer to eat the dinners she 
prepared for him. 

This great magician had discovered by his art much that 
was doing at the palace, and among other matters, at what 
hour his King dined. Then fixing that as his own dinner- 
hour, when there was set before him one of these savoury 
tarts, he cried, " Goodwife, that is a pie for a king ! The 
King shall have it. Up, pie, through chimneys to King ! 
Open, doors ! In, King's dinner, to us ! " Instantly the 

ie flew up the chimney, the cottage-door opened wide. 



236 Fairy Gold 

and there rushed in a steam of soup over their table-cloth, 
followed by boiled, and fried, and stewed fishes, and fowls, 
and joints of many meats, tarts, jellies, costly fruits, and a 
great splashing of spilt wines. "There, old woman," said 
the conjurer, " a fair exchange. The King has got more 
than the worth of all this in your famous pie. Fall to ! " 

" Yes, husband," said Menisper, " you praise my pie, 
but you don't eat it. Besides, I'd have put in the biggest 
onions and more bacon, and put more lard in the crust, if 
I had known you meant to send it to the King." 

" Never mind, sweetheart," said the magician, " you shall 
make something on purpose for his Majesty to-morrow. I 
rather like the thought of changing dinners ; so, henceforth, 
you are sole cook to King Cocculus, and we will put up 
quietly with what the palace cooks provide. Don't keep 
any of these leavings. Feed the pig with what is fit for 
him, and throw the rest away." 

So the King's jellies, and creams, and pine-apples were 
mixed with his cabbage and his truffles into pig-wash, and 
all his meat that Picrotoxin and Menisper did not eat was 
thrown over the moor. 

Cocculus, King of Lardizabala, lost five pounds of his 
weight every week : one pound through vexation, and the 
rest through want of dinner. There was a State dinner 
the first time Picrotoxin played this trick, and that was one 
of the things the magician knew. Cissa, the treacherous 
Grand-Duke of Ampelos, a person most particular about 
his eating, was chief guest. When the soup was set on the 
table, suddenly it rose out of the tureen, and dashing 
itself into a double current on the face of the Grand-Duke, 
between it and the door, flew out of doors. " Sire, Sire," 
cried the cooks, running into the banquet-hall, forgetful of 
all proper decorum in their consternation, "all the dinner 
— all of it — has flown out of doors ! " But while they 
spoke, there was an overpowering smell of onion, followed 
by the entry, through the chimney, of Menisper's pie, that 
set itself down, with a thump, between the Grand-Duke 
and his Majesty. 

" This is strange ! This is terrible ! " said the Grand- 
Duke, shivering from top to toe. "I recommend. Sire," 
said the Prime Minister of Lardizabala, "that we send for 
the bonzes." The bonzes were sent for, and declaring, 



Bacon Pie 237 

for State reasons, that the pie came out of Paradise, 
where it was made especially for the Grand- Duke, pro- 
nounced a blessing upon all who should partake of it. 
"But the crust," said his Majesty, "is very black. It is 
well. That shall gladden the mouths of our bonzes." So 
the bonzes were obliged to eat the sooty crust, and the 
chief guests of the King ate Menisper's apple, onion, and 
bacon. Whatever else was brought flew out of doors, the 
wine rushing abroad out of every bottle as it was uncorked 
by the chief butler and his men. 

The pie was praised, and much was said of the delicate 
attention that must have been paid by the Houris to the 
known daintiness of Cissa, the Grand-Duke of Ampelos. 
The Grand-Duke himself spoke never a word ; but, on the 
day following, sailed back in a swift ship to his own 
country, smelling of onions when he reached it a month 
afterwards, and declared war against Lardizabala. 

Now, when the second change of dinner came, and the 
bonzes, who had eaten enough soot, being sent for, pro- 
nounced that the black and greasy tablets of potato, mixed 
with cubes of bacon, had been chopped by demons, 
Cocculus and all his Court went dinnerless. Let nothing 
be said of the hard ten-pounder dumpling, or of the three 
red herrings fried with cabbage, for which the King's 
dinner was exchanged on the two next days. 

Picrotoxin ate well, and he drank well ; for it was only 
on the first day that, because of what he knew, the soups, 
gravies, and wines were made to travel without their 
tureens, boats, and bottles. . Afterwards, royal soup- 
tureens, bottles, and decanters lay broken about the moor 
in which the happy conjurer resided ; and the simple- 
minded conjurer's wife, sure that what her husband said 
was right, and growing to be proud of the praise he 
bestowed upon her royal cookery, adopted all the hints he 
threw out touching pig's-fry and other dainties with which 
she might vary the diet of her King. 

At last King Cocculus, who had found comfort in lunch, 
resolved to dine no more. A hundred changes of his 
cooks, the padlocking of dish-covers over his dishes, every 
device that his Cabinet Ministers were able to invent, had 
been in vain. There was a standing offer of a thousand 
owns a day for any person who goylcj cook the King a 



E 



238 Fairy Gold 

dinner that would lie still to be eaten. Nobody had won 
that prize. 

One day, Menisper's pig being fat, the good housewife 
was forced to admire him aloud. "See, husband," she 
said, " with such a pig outside his door, mightn't a king be 
happy ! " 

" Off, pig, and be doorkeeper to the King ! " said Picro- 
toxin. Menisper wept when the pig vanished ; but her 
husband comforted her, and said, " Dear wife, I mean that 
you shall see your pig again ; ay, and that you shall be 
thanked for your cookery by the King Cocculus himself, 
in presence of his Court and people. Lock the house door, 
and come out for a walk with me." 

They locked up the door, and the house was immedi- 
ately lost in a mist. 

As they went down the hill-side, they were overtaken by 
a troop of knights in armour, who were carrying off Moon- 
seed, the Deacon-keeper. 

"They are carrying off Moonseed without his pony," 
Picrotoxin said. " It is not far to Lardizabalon " (that is 
the name of the seaport capital of Lardizabala), " but we 
will ride." So the magician said three times, " Cup, c'up ! " 
and Moonseed's little pony trotted down to them. " Take 
him by the head, wife," he advised. Menisper took him 
by the head. " Now hold him tight, while I pull at his 
tail." As the conjurer pulled, the pony stretched to the 
length of a crocodile. Then he pulled each of the pony's 
legs till they were longer than those of the tallest 
cameleopard. Then he broke a head of bulrush into three 
pieces, threw one piece over his head as he gave the animal 
the other two pieces to eat, and instantly the pony spread 
into a horse as stout as any hippopotamus. " Very fatten- 
ing stuff that," said Menisper. " I wish I had known of it 
when I had the pig to feed." 

" Now, wife, we are going to Court to see the pig and his 
King. Put your foot in my hand ; here is a long arm — a 
long, long, long, long arm — and up you are ! Now I leap 
after you, and off we go ! " 

" But how your beard grows ! " said Menisper, as they 
jolted down hill with great strides, and at every jolt more 
hair seemed to be shaken out of Picrotoxin's chin. 

" And how comely you are becoming ! " said the con- 



i. 



Bacon Pie 239 

jurer ; for with every jolt the wife seemed to be getting a 
fresh pound of fat upon her bones. " You will look like a 
King's cook by the time we come to Lardizabalon, and I 
shall look like the Prime Minister of the Moon." 

" The Moon, man ! Surely you mean of the moor ? " 
" No, wife. King Cocculus believes there is no man on 
rth so clever as himself. Therefore I will come down 
upon him from the Moon. Oh, never fear, I have a great 
work in hand ! As for you, you shall see your pig sitting 
outside the door of the state council-chamber, and you 
shall be King's cook in the royal kitchen, and you shall be 
thanked by the whole nation for your apple tart with onions 
and bacon. Look you, here is the great city, and here 
round the corner by the lighthouse is the channel that lies 
underneath our hill." 

"Picrotoxin! Picrotoxin ! What work is it that you 
have in hand now ? What are you about ? How every- 
body stops and stares at us and our great horse ! How 
all the other horses and carriages have to run down the 
by-streets to make room for us ! We take up the whole 
carriage-road. I feel big, I do, and I am going to Court 
as a proud woman this day ! " 

When they came to the palace gardens, the huge pony 
stepped over the gates and lumbered over the grass to the 
palace door, where he stood still. But then he was so tall 
that it was much easier for his riders to alight upon the 
roof than on the door-step. Therefore they stepped upon 
the roof, and Picrotoxin called down to the throng of 
lacqueys, who were wondering and running in and out, " Be 
so good as to let my pony loose upon the lawn, and tell 
King Cocculus that the Prime Minister of the Moon has 
come down to him with a cook." 

So the two wonderful strangers walked about upon the 
palace roof, and when the enchanter came to the great 
chimney of the council-chamber, " This," he said, " is our 
way in." A Gold-Stick at the door was saying that a person 
calling himself Prime Minister of the Moon was on the 
tiles with a fat cook, and said that he was coming down to 
see his Majesty, when suddenly there was a terrible clatter 
in the chimney, and down Picrotoxin came, pulling after 
him, not very easily, for she was a tight fit, the round 
Menisper. Gold-stick ran forward at the sight, leaving 



240 Fairy Gold 

the door open, and Menisper saw that her pig sat on the 
mat outside. 

" My chimney must have wanted sweeping," said King 
Cocculus to the new-comers. " What a large quantity of 
soot you have brought down ! " 

A man in armour of chased gold, and in a cloak of 
crimson velvet, stood before the King, and behind this man 
were five knights, each holding a leathern sack. Behind 
King Cocculus there was an open money-chest, from which 
a score of silken pages were about to fill the sacks. " There 
is exactly soot enough to fill those bags," said Picrotoxin. 
" Pay to your black enemy his tribute in his own coin, soot." 

" What mean you, knave ? " 

"The Moon sees everything," answered the magician. 
" Be advised by the Prime Minister of the Moon, who has 
just brought down the right money due to Cissa, Duke of 
Ampelos." 

" In your moony counsel," said the king, "there may be 
wit. Pages, put soot instead of gold into those bags ! " 
But all the pages looked at their white doublets and their 
dainty fingers, to which gold might stick if it would, but 
soot was unsuitable. While they were hesitating, the 
knights closed the mouths of the bags, frowned, and 
clashed their swords ; nevertheless the soot was in the 
bags, and the King's floor was as clean as the two 
strangers who had brought it down, and who advanced 
now to the royal council table. 

" You are about. Sire, to buy a false peace," Picrotoxin 
said. " I have observed the doings of the treacherous 
Grand-Duke of Ampelos. It was high time for me to 
come down upon him." 

"Thank you," said the King. "Then perhaps you 
will send my answer to him by this his High Lord." 

" His High Lord ! " cried the magician. " That am- 
bassador in scarlet and gold was littered on the same day 
with your doorkeeper." 

" The pig that haunts me ! " shuddered Cocculus. 

" This gentleman is Pork," said Picrotoxin. " If he and 
his five knights do not confess the cheat upon your senses, 
they shall be sent home as sausages in chains." 

Then the ambassadors fell forward on their hands and 
squeaked, " It is true, Sire ; we are pigs." 



Bacon Pie 241 

" I had a fit doorkeeper to wait on such ambassadors," 
the King replied. "But whence came that doorkeeper ? 
Is he, too, from the Moon ? " 

There was a clatter of arms outside. Word was brought 
that the King's knights had found the person who must be 
concerned in the magical thieving of the royal dinners. 
The Beacon Hill was covered with tjie broken pieces of 
the royal crockery and bones of the King's meat. The 
only man upon the hill was captured ; and they brought 
^in the old keeper of the beacon. 
^H " What is your name, fellow ? " the king asked. 
^^ " Moonseed." 

"Moonseed! Are you from the Moon, too?" cried 
King Cocculus. As he spoke there was a great crash of 
glass ; for Moonseed's enlarged pony being upon the lawn 
outside, and tall enough to look in at all the palace 
windows, had spied his old master. So he thrust his 
enormous head through all the glass in the council- 
chamber, and began to lick the old man's hand. 

" I am not awake," said Cocculus, falling back into his 
throne with the face of a man who is giving up a riddle. 
" I am in bed after a supper of too savoury pork-pie, and 
soot had fallen on the crust. I am asleep with the Moon 
shining on my face. Are these men pigs ? " 

The knight from Ampelos and his five attendants, each 
holding a bag full of soot, again fell on their hands and 
squeaked in concert, " We are pigs ! " 

" What awful horse is that ? " 

" He has," said Moonseed, " the eyes of my little pony ; 
but if he be my pony, he has grown out of all knowledge." 

"Is that a pig who waits outside the door?" asked 
Cocculus. At a glance from Picrotoxin, Menisper's pig 
stood on his two hind-legs, advanced to the King's chair, 
bowed respectfully, and said, " I am." 

"Gentlemen and pigs, and Ministers of the Moon and 
Moonseeds," the King groaned, " pray make yourselves at 
home. Help ! help ! Somebody carry me away, or wake 
me ! " ^ 

Then Picrotoxin advanced, and bowed low before his 
Majesty. As he spoke he had pig's eyes and cheeks, and 
a round moist snout over his beard. 

Be assured, Sire," he said, " that the interests of Lardi- 
Q 



242 Fairy Gold 

zabala and of your august person are being watched. 
What you behold now is a great political crisis." 

" Oh, dear ! Oh, dear ! " the poor King groaned ; " my 
head begins to ache." 

"A State," said Picrotoxin, "may be saved in many 
ways. Complexities of the political machine that puzzle a 

bystander " 

"Stop! "said the King, suddenly. "Did you not say 
that you had brought a cook? I see a gleam of light. 
By help of that cook may I dine to-day ? " 

" May it please your Majesty to smile upon your cook," 
said the enchanter, bringing forward his good wife 
Menisper. 

" She looks," said his Majesty, " like a King's cook." 
Menisper curtsied with a happy smile. " Let her com- 
mand the kitchen, and produce for me to-day her choicest 
dish. I ask but one dish, and that it will stand before me 
until I have eaten it." 

" Sire, it shall be so," said Picrotoxin. 
" May it please your Majesty," then asked a knight, 
*' what are we to do with the enchanter Moonseed? " 

"Prime Minister of the Moon, advise us," said the 
helpless and bewildered King. 

" Let him mount his large horse, and ride swiftly through 
the land, commanding all your liege subjects to save their 
bacon, and to bring it to the royal commissioners whom 
you will presently appoint to buy up all the bacon in the 
land." 

" Buy all the bacon in the land of Lardizabala ! Is 
there a State reason for that too ? Be it so. Prime 
Minister of the Moon, do as you will, say what you will to 
these ambassadors. Cook, dinner at six ! " 

The King retired to his inner chamber, and then trotted 
after him Menisper's pig to take up a new station at his 
<;loset-door. The envoys from Cissa, Grand-Duke of 
Ampelos, were treated like pigs and dismissed. Moonseed 
was despatched on the great pony to command all people 
in Lardizabala to save their bacon, and also to outbid 
private consumers in the price offered by his Majesty 
King Cocculus for onions and apples. Menisper retired 
to the kitchen and prepared her choicest dish. While 
it was baking, Picrotoxin called her away to smell — 



nac 



Bacon Pie 243 

though she thought them less fragrant — the flowers in the 
garden. 

Half an hour afterwards, a little crowd of knights and 
scullions, carrying a man who seemed to be in a swoon, 
clamoured at the door of the royal closet — '* Sire ! My 
lord ! State news ! A paper ! A traitor ! " 

The King opened his door, and a little crowd rushed in, 
some carrying the almost lifeless stranger, one holding out 
the six seeds, another holding out an open letter. 

" Your Majesty's dinner was baking in the oven " 

Yes, good, yes." 

* Yes, Sire, your pie was in the oven, and the new cook 
ad gone out of the kitchen " 

'' Oh," said the King. " It is to be a pie, then ? " 

" Yes, Sire, and nobody was by, may it please you. Sire, 
when this man crawled out of a large fish-kettle in which 
he had been hiding, leaving the lid off and his coat and 
hat in it, and in his coat-pocket was his pocket-handker- 
chief, and in the lining of his hat there was this letter." 

"Yes, Sire," said he who held the seeds, "and in his 
hand were these six seeds, like peas. And in the letter we 
find they are deadly poison." 

" Yes, Sire," cried two or three of the crowd who held 
the man, " and here is the assassin who crawled to the 
oven where your pie was being baked ; but when he 
opened the oven, the stink of the pie knocked him down, 
and so we found him." 

"What do you say? "the King cried, aghast. "^The 
stink of the pie ! " 

" Yes, Sire, tremendous. We are not sure that the 
man will recover." 

" Good gracious ! " said Cocculus, with a groan of 
despair; "the oven-door has been left open, and I smell 
it myself. It may be smelt all over the palace. It is 
like that pie of apples, onions, and bacon that came 
down the chimney once or twice." 

" The letter. Sire, the letter ! " said the man who held 
it. " Somebody read it to his Majesty 1 " 

Somebody read as follows : — 

" Eminent Hog, 

"The attempt you made on my behalf to poison 

cculus and all his Court, by rubbing candril-seeds 



i 



244 Fairy Gold 

over the inside of the soup-tureens, gravy-dishes, and 
decanters, on the occasion of my giving him the honour 
of my company to dinner, I find to have been 
frustrated by a powerful enchanter, who now fights 
against me. He it was who splashed the poisoned soup 
across my face, who forced us to eat that which is our 
own flesh and blood, and caused our lips to have been 
embittered in vain with the antidote that would have 
enabled us to drink, unharmed, the candril poison. That 
enchanter lives upon the Beacon Hill that is beyond 
Lardizabalon, and against him vengeance is sworn by the 
whole fraternity of swine of Ampelos, to which you belong, 
and of which I, Cissa, Grand-Duke of Ampelos, am the 
Grand Master. His time will come ; our ships are nearly fit 
for sea; and the magician on the Beacon Hill shall save from 
our wrath neither himself nor the State of Lardizabala. 
But first it is fit that King Cocculus be poisoned secretly ; 
for which purpose I send you candril-seed, and require 
that you find some place of hiding in his kitchen, and 
there lurk until you find an opportunity of poisoning his 
meat. I have sent threats to that king, with demands for 
tribute. If he pay gold, the gold is yours when you 
succeed, and will be held in trust for you by the faithful 
brethren who are charged with this mission. Should you 
be taken prisoner, find means to gain time for yourself. 
The invasion, for which we are now almost prepared, will 
turn the blood of Cocculus to dish water." 

"What astonishes me most," said Cocculus, "is that 
a person should have thought it necessary to add poison 
to a pie like that I smell. But what ? what ? what ? I 
have smelt such a pie before. Ha ! ha ! I have an idea ! 
Sound trumpets ; all the world shall know it." 

Trumpets sounded in the palace and the court-yard, 
heralds went into the city to proclaim by sound of 
trumpet, "His most gracious Majesty the King of 
Lardizabala has an idea ! " All the people, and especially 
the newspaper reporters, flocked into the squares to hear 
it ; and in half an hour the words spoken in the royal 
closet were trumpeted forth in the streets ; and they were 
these : — 

" Whoever made this pie, made that pie ! " 



Bacon Pie 245 

Public opinion in Lardizabala had long come to the 
conclusion that political affairs were in a complex and 
peculiar position. The order to save bacon had been 
discussed hotly at public meetings ; and the interference 
by the State with ordinary rules of trade, in buying up 
onions and apples at a price much above the market 
value, though it had been lauded highly by the Govern- 
ment newspapers, was denounced as profligacy by the 
Opposition press. But what was to be said for or against 
the King's idea, "Whoever made This Pie, made That 
Pie," none but the most wonderfully well-informed of 
^^itors could tell. 

^H While King Cocculus was agitated with his great idea, 
^md causing messengers to be sent for the new cook, and 
for her introducer, the Prime Minister of the Moon, 
Menisper's faithful pig, who sat at the door of the King's 
chamber, was seen to be shedding tears. The half- 
poisoned prisoner had been placed on the ground, and 
was there slowly recovering his breath. As he aroused 
he often looked towards the pig sitting outside the door. 
At last their eyes met, and they rushed towards each 
other, with loud cries of " My brother ! My own long- 
lost brother!" 

" We were of one farrow. Sire," explained the faithful 
pig ; " pardon these tears ! " 

" Oh, brother ! " said the hog who had been misled 
into the paths of crime, " I repent of all my wickedness 
now that I have your love to reclaim me. On your 
breast I will pour out a full confession of these plots." 
So, lying with his head between his brothei pig's fore- 
legs, in a repentant attitude, the prisoner told, in the 
presence of King Cocculus, a dreadfully long story, 
chiefly about the part he had himself taken in the rising 
of pigs in the Grand-Dukedom of Ampelos, after his 
brother had been sold to the foreign merchant o^ whom 
Menisper had bought him when he was a tender pigling. 
The greatest of the hogs knew a hog who was descended 
from the men turned into hogs by a great enchantress, 
many thousand years ago, and he had got from him the 
name and address of that enchantress. Then, through 
some toils, he had found his way to her, and obtained 
from her a charm that would turn pigs into men. Thus 



246 Fairy Gold 

all the pigs in Ampelos had become men ; and rising in 
revolt, they had placed Cissa, the greatest hog, upon the 
chair of the Grand-Duke. Among themselves they had 
divided, with much quarrelling, the chief places of trust 
in the State. At Cissa's Court were greed and gluttony. 
From devouring victuals, the Grand-Duke turned to 
devouring States ; and he was on the point of annexing 
Lardizabala, after poisoning the King at a friendly banquet 
given to himself, when the poisoned soup was dashed into 
his own face, and, by some unknown power, he was forced 
ignominiously to eat pig. 

The penitent creature who told this and more was 
in the middle of a list of treacheries, when Picrotoxin 
and Menisper entered. 

"The King's dinner is cooked and served," Menisper 
said. 

" Prime Minister of the Moon," said Cocculus, " before 
I attempt to dine upon the pie that saved the State " 

"That is to save it. Sire," said the enchanter. 

"That has saved it, I tell you," cried the King, 
impatiently ; "for has it not saved me ? I publicly 
thank this cook that you have brought me, for her 
morning's work." Proud woman was Menisper then. 
"That repentant creature and his brother may be 
united as one household henceforth in a royal sty. I 
will not punish him, or make him into bacon." 

"May it please your Majesty," said Picrotoxin, 
"you shall prosper in pigs all your days, if you will 
meet as I advise you the invasion that is threatened." 

" Speak, Prime Minister of the Moon ! " 

" Let all the coasts — except the coast of the channel 
underneath the Beacon Hill — be fortified with bake- 
houses, and mount in each bakehouse a heavy battery of 
iron ovens. Let the bacon that has been saved, the 
onions and apples that have been bought and stored in 
your arsenals, be distributed among the bakehouses and 
made into pies like that of which you know. When the 
enemy's fleet is seen to approach the coast at any point, 
let the ovens be loaded with the pies, and let the fires be 
lighted; let the pies bake till the ships draw near, then 
let the oven doors and all the seaward doors of the bake- 
houses be suddenly flung open. Thus drive the foe away 



Bacon Pie 



247 



from every point, except the shore under the Beacon Hill ; 
then leave the rest to me." 

" Absurd ! " cried the King. " Bombard an enemy 
with such a smell as that ! It would be barbarous ; it 
would be against all rules of civilised war. But I owe 
much to the pie, and I will show my gratitude by dining 
on it, if I can." 

The King went therefore in procession, with the usual 
sound of trumpet, into his great banqueting-hall, where 
the pie he knew of stood alone on the great table, and 
was growing cold. " Somebody carve ! " said the King. 




"May it please your Majesty," said the Lord Steward, 
" my health is delicate, and I dare not." Nobody dared. 
"Poltroons!" the King said, "look at me." He thrust 
his knife into the pie and turned pale. Reflecting for an 
instant, he with a rapid hand cut a small slice out of the 
pie, then turned and fled in the rout of all his attendant 
courtiers and lacqueys who fled with him, pressing their 
hands tightly down over their noses. He was gasping for 
breath when he met Picrotoxin, " Order the batteries," he 
said ; " your notion was not at all absurd. If the opening 
of the ovens be not enough to repel the enemy, open the 
pies upon them ! open the pies ! " 

Batteries like these, terrible to a man, might well strike 



248 Fairy Gold 

Grand-Duke, a mighty host of ships brought all the 
fraternity of which he was Grand Master to invade the 
coast of Lardizabala, but upon no point dared they ap- 
proach land, till it was discovered that the straits below the 
Beacon Hill were undefended by the batteries that bristled 
everywhere else. Into those straits at high water the fleet 
pushed, and therein at low water every ship was stranded 
that had not already run aground. The beacon-keeper 
was gone, and there was no light to direct a pilot. In the 
night Picrotoxin stalked alone over the moors, and from 
the summit of the hill rolled down by mighty spells cloud 
after cloud that covered the lost ships with a thick darkness. 
Then he gathered femseed, and when he had filled with 
it his peaked cap, let his cloak fly with the gale, and rode 
in it upon a whirlwind of his own raising three times round 
the fleet, scattering the seed that dropped like points of 
living fire into the darkness. 

Among the ships word had gone forth from Cissa, while 
the darkness gathered, that this was the work of the 
enchanter on the Beacon Hill, who had been warring 
against him, and against whom he had been warned. The 
Beacon Hill must be stormed at daylight, the enchanter 
seized and killed, the finest possible position taken for a 
military camp which would command Lardizabalon, the 
enemy's capital. It was so natural to these creatures to 
feel themselves pigs, that they hardly knew how changed 
they were in outside character when, as a vast herd of 
swine, they all plunged through the water, gained the 
shore, and stormed the hill next morning. It was now 
walled round, but there was an open gate on the sea front 
through which the pigs rushed, with the greatest of hogs, 
Cissa, at their head. Cissa had mounted to the beacon 
before the last of his army had passed through the gate, 
and then the gate was shut. 

So the huge hill was covered (as it is to this day) 
with the finest herd of swine that any man in the world 
has ever seen ; and Picrotoxin gave the whole herd 
to his King. The pigs were wild for a few weeks, 
but a sufficient number of swineherds having been ap- 
pointed, they were in good time brought into subjection. 
Menisper was, on a day appointed for the purpose, 
thanked by the King, before his Court and all his people, 



Bacon Pie 



249 



for her famous pie. The nation gave her seven pigs of 
gold. 

Thus it was that her clever husband brought her cook- 
ing to honour ; though he did not himself like to eat her 
pies. Many such pies have since been made from the 
pigs of the herd upon the Beacon Hill, for which reason, 
and as a memorial of the service they had done, they are 
to this day called Beacon Pies by many people thereabouts. 





THE STAVESACRE FAIRIES 

HIS is the tale of Teel the shoemaker. 
Whirl wig the hatter, and Surmullet the 
tailor. 

Teel was a shoemaker, about whom 
very few people knew how well he 
understood his business. So one 
evening the poor fellow, slipping dole- 
fully out of the town in which [he 
starved, went for a walk on a neighbouring common. It 
was a small rough piece of broken ground, ragged with 
briar, fern, and furze, scratched over with deep rutted 
paths, drilled into with rabbit-holes, here and there 
scooped also into forgotten sand-pits, and dabbled with 
pools. At one end a steep and jagged lump of sand-rock 
cropped up through the brambles. On the top of the bit 
of rock the shoemaker sat down to think. From that 
height there was a view over the meadows round about the 
common. Behind him they sloped up into a line of bare 
downs, with the white chalk glimmering here and there 
through their green banks. Before him the rich landscape 
was warm with trees. Alders and great willows were 
clustered near the river ; oaks gathered in knolls about the 
slopes of the deer-park; pear, plum, and other fruit-trees 
overtopped the little country-town, and all the yellow roads 
that led out from Stavesacre into the world at large were 
fringed with blackberry, wild rose, and honeysuckle hedges, 
broken with elms, and upon one side, beyond the bridge, 
raised to the rank of an avenue with lines of poplar. 

Trees gathered about the quiet town so closely as to 
hide all but the great mossy church-tower from the eyes of 
Teel, as he sat on the sand-rock, with his feet dangling 
over its sides, and looked about him. Already the mild 
evening star was in the sky, the rooks were flocking to 
their nests in a small wood that dipped over the riverside, 
where the stream flowed between the farther slopes of the 

250 



The Stavesacre Fairies 251 

smooth park. The distant peal of the town-bells told the 
shoemaker that Hodge, Peter, and Jeff, cobblers and bell- 
ringers, had met for practice in the belfry before spending 
(prosperous men !) a social evening together in the parlour 
of the Sandhopper's Arms. 

When the bell-ringing was over there were more stars in 
the darkening sky, and presently the moon rose, large and 
red, from behind the wood in which the rooks were sleep- 
ing. A bend of the river was alight directly. All was so 
still that Teel heard now and then the faint creak of the 
insects stirring in the bushes of the common and the whirr 
of the night-moth as she flew by. 

" Heigho ! " he sighed. " I get nothing by this thinking ; 
so I will go home to my good dame." 

He was about to rise, when a young rabbit leapt into 
his lap. The rabbit tamely suffered him to pull its ears. 

" Silly puss ! " said the shoemaker ; " when you jump 
into the lap of a man who has an empty cupboard, don't 
you know that you are good to eat ? But never fear, 
small creature. As you trust me, you shall take no 
harm." 

" Very well," said the rabbit — no longer a rabbit ; for, 
indeed, he was a curiously little man in grey body-clothes, 
but without coat or hat, and with his feet quite naked. 
He had a tiny bundle in one hand, which he held up to 
Teel. 

" I hope, my good fellow, I may trust you. Make me a 
pair of shoes out of the leather in this bundle, and return 
me all the pieces. I will pay you well, and bring you 
some more custom, if your fit is good." 

" Fit good ! " said the neglected artist. " Those 
ignorant people of Stavesacre are content to wear clumps 
on their feet. They fatten no less than three cobblers 
with their custom, and have suffered me, a proper shoe- 
maker, to starve. Yes, sir ! I can fit a dainty foot like 
yours, sir, in a way to show you something of my art. Am 
I to send the shoes, or will your honour call for them ? " 

" I will call at your house for them," the Fairy said. 
" Be ready, if you can, at this hour, this day week." 

At the appointed hour Teel was quite ready ; and Till, 
his good wife, had been so careful to help him in obeying 
the wish of his Fairy customer, that not a shred of leather 



252 Fairy Gold 

or thread — though it were but a shred no bigger than a 
morsel of a line of spider's web — was left on or below the 
table at which Teel had worked. All was put, with the 
shoes themselves, into the tiny bag. Then as they sat — 
too poor to afford candle — in the light that was half 
moonlight and half twilight, the old couple suddenly saw 
the little grey Fairy busy about that bag. He weighed it 
first in one hand, and then in «.he other. He opened it, 
took out the shoes, turned out and examined all the pieces. 
Then he put the pieces back, and, sitting down upon Till's 
spectacle-case, put on the shoes. When they were on, he 
got up and danced about in them to try their fit. They 
fitted perfectly. Advancing at last to the edge of the table, 
he said, " Brother Teel, I am authorised to appoint you 
shoemaker in ordinary to the Fairies of the Downs and 
Commons. Remove, therefore, to your new house on the 
sand-rock in Stavesacre Common where you will have 
plenty of custom and good pay as long as we may trust 
you." 

'* Oh, sir ! " said Till, " you may trust my old man with 
shoes of gold." 

" He will find shoes of gold that are his own in his new 
house. I pay them to him in exchange for these. There 
is a piping hot supper also waiting for you both in your 
new house, so I advise you to move into it at once. You 
need take nothing with you. Tools, furniture, and even 
clothes, are there already." 

Tools, furniture, and new clothes — yes. But never- 
theless, after the Fairy vanished, Teel and Till, indulging 
themselves with the extravagance of a candle, searched 
their house through, and filled a large bundle with house- 
hold treasure. There was the Sacred Book, in which 
they had read to each other ; there were the little clothes, 
at which Till worked when she had been a younger (but 
still not a young) wife ; and the small shoes Teel made for 
the baby, that was still the baby to their hearts as when it 
was lost, a score of years ago. 

Then Till had to wipe the dust from her mother's 
Cookery Book, given to her on her marriage. That 
edifying work had been neglected of late, for want of the 
eggs and butter, without which, in ts opinion, nothing 
could be brought into being. But there was the mother's 



The Stavesacre Fairies 



253 




The Stavesacre Fairies 255 

name, in her own hand, written across the title-page, worth 
all the dainties that were ever fried. Till had more relics, 
and the foolish shoemaker had treasures put away in 
drawers — dead flowers, faded ribbons. " Do you know, 
Till," he said, '' I must have you carry to the new house 
the whole of your white wedding-dress that is in yonder 
worm-eaten old press." So off they went at last under the 
moonlight, he with a pack and she with a pack. 

When they came to the skirt of the common they saw all 

the windows lighted in a neat little white house on the top 

f the sand-rock. When they had climbed the sand-rock 

e cottage-door opened to them of its own accord, and a 
delicate smell of boiled rabbit and onions kissed their 
noses. In a dainty little parlour, that dish, dear alike to 
Teel and Till, smoked ready for them. There were hot 
mealy potatoes too, boiled as few but the Fairies can 
succeed in boiling them ; also, there were two bright 
glasses set beside a foaming jug of ale. "What a sweet 
perfume of meat ! " said Teel. " And onion," added Till, 
who was so much moved by the sight of a comfortable hot 
supper and the smell of onion, that she wiped her eyes as 

e sat down. 

A half-open door was opposite Teel's seat, and there was 
a lighted room beyond. " I must just run and peep in," 
said the poor shoemaker. So he ran across and peeped, 
and what he saw was his new workshop. There were his 
counter and his cases, and his shoemaker's bench, and the 
tiniest little tools, made with broad handles to suit 
his grasp. But sitting all round the shop, row behind 
row, were thousands of little Fairies in grey body-clothes, 
without hats, coats, or shoes, who cried as he peeped in, 
" Good evening to you, gossip. We are all waiting for you 
to measure us when you have supped ! " 

Before Teel could answer them, there was a clatter 
behind him that obliged him to turn round. It was 
caused by the falling of a large pair of gold shoes through 
the ceiling to the floor, followed by a cry of " Shoes for 
you, shoemaker ! " Thereupon all the Fairies in the shop 
began to sing : — 



I- 



Shoes ! Wonderful Shoes ! 

Safe on the water, safe on the land, 

Ready to run at the word of command. 



256 Fairy Gold 

Whirlwig was a hatter, who had made felt caps for the 
ploughmen of Stavesacre, though he was clever enough 
to fit with the glossiest of hats the head even of a 
crocodile. He had plenty of custom for his caps ; but 
he would have poured his earnings out as easily as he 
poured beer into his throat at the Sandhopper's Arms, 
if his wife Willwit had not been careful and honest as 
she was. A month after Teel had left the town, and 
gone to live in his new cottage on the sand-rock, 
Whirlwig was seeing a comrade home over the common 
after a supper at the club of Noisy Dogs, at which he 
was perpetual vice-president. On the other side of the 
common his friend left him, and went on to his own 
village. Whirlwig turned back to Stavesacre, but in the 
middle of the common he lay down (as he afterwards said) 
to think a bit. " Dame Willwitt," he thought to himself, 
" will say there's little enough in my pocket. Poor woman ! 
She don't know what a famous supper I got for my money. 
I'll go home and tell her of it." 

He was trying to rise, when a young rabbit jumped 
into his lap, and tamely suffered him to seize it by the ears. 
" Heigho ! " cried the hatter, " here's a supper for the 
good dame too. I'll take you home to her, trust me." 

"Very well," said the rabbit — no longer a rabbit, being 
indeed a curiously little man in grey body-clothes, without 
coat or hat, but with the neatest of small shoes upon his 
feet. "Very well, my good fellow, I hope I may trust 
your wife at least to see that you deal fairly." Then, 
holding up a tiny bundle, he said, " Make me a cap out 
of the felt in this bundle, and return me all the pieces. I 
will pay you well, and bring you some more custom, if 
your fit is good." 

The hatter laughed with defiance. " Fit good ! " he 
cried. "Though I have been making caps for blockheads 
all my days, I know what I know ; you shall wear, sir, 
what will make you feel the real use of your head. Am I 
to send the hat, or will your honour call for it ? " 

The fairy said he would call at that same hour on that 
day week. The little cap was ready in good time. 
Whirlwig had made a careless litter of the pieces of felt 
cut off while he worked, but Willwit, his prudent wife, not 
only had gathered them all carefully into the tiny bag. 



The Stavesacre Fairies 257 

together with the new cap, she had also locked the door 
of the house, and put the key into her pocket, so that her 
husband could not help being at home to receive his 
customer. The Fairy came as he had come to Teel, and 
being satisfied with what he found, advanced to the edge 
of the table, and said, " Brother Whirlwig, I am authorised 
to appoint you hatter in ordinary to the Fairies of the 
Downs and Commons. Remove, therefore, to your new 
house by the roadside on Stavesacre Common, where you 
will have plenty of custom and good pay as long as we 
may trust you." 

" Oh, sir ! " said Willwit, " there's not a truer soul than 
my old man's when he only gives himself time to consider 
about what he does. But I do wish he'd make himself a 
considering cap — I do, indeed ! " 

" He will find a considering cap in his new house. I 
pay it to him in exchange for this. Supper is laid there, 
Dame Willwit, for you and your children ; so I advise you 
to remove at once. As for your good man, he has supped 
already. Everything you will want is there; you need 
take nothing." 

The Fairy was gone, and Willwit at once began to get 
her seven children out of bed. When they were dressed, 
the whole family went under the moonlight to the common, 
where there was a new white house on the turf by the 
roadside. The house door opened for them of its own 
accord. In the snug kitchen there was a hot rabbit-pie 
upon the table, large enough for all, and Whirlwig was 
inclined to indulge in a second supper; but on peeping 
into a second room from which light shone through the 
partly open door, he found in his new shop thousands of 
tiny customers, all eager to be measured without one 
moment's delay. So he set to work while his wife and 
children ate and drank, and the savoury steam of the pie 
made his mouth water. Once he ran back when he heard 
something fall to the floor in the next room. It was a 
felt cap that had tumbled through the ceiling, followed by 
a cry of "A cap for you, hatter!" Thereupon all the 
Fairies in the shop began to sing : — 

I" Cap ! Wonderful Cap ! 
Wear it for counsel ; and when you despair, 



R 



258 Fairy Gold 

Surmullet was a clever tailor, but a rascal; and his 
wife, Smull, was no better than himself. He had lost his 
trade by robbery of customers, and lived by robbery upon 
the roads. He was lurking at night in the bottom of one 
of the sandpits on Stavesacre Common to waylay a 
traveller, when the rabbit jumped also upon his knee. 
The rabbit would have had its neck wrung in an instant 
if it had not changed in less than an instant into the form 
of the little Fairy with grey body-clothes, a neat little cap, 
and perfect shoes, wanting only a coat to be completely 
dressed. When Surmullet received from this tiny customer 
the order for a coat, he said that he would rather take a 
coat than make a coat, but for all that he would fit the 
little gentleman so that he should think he had two 
skins. 

Surmullet also was to finish his work in a week, and 
did finish it. The little man looked grave when he came 
for his coat and missed the pieces. But he, nevertheless, 
formally declared Surmullet's appointment as tailor to the 
Fairies of the Downs and Commons, and invited him 
to his new place of business at the bottom of the sand- 
pit in Stavesacre Common. There he would find 
plenty of custom and good pay as long as he was to be 
trusted. 

" Trust ! " sneered his wife. " One man is as safe as 
another, for the matter of that. There's no man who 
wouldn't own himself thief if he had on a coat of con- 
fession." 

"You will find such a coat in your new house," the 
Fairy said. " I'll pay it in exchange for this." 

Surmullet and his wife were eager to be gone. The 
bottom of the sandpit was a newly-established place of 
business for them; but the advantage of a house built 
there, in which they might be always lurking, and from 
which they might at any time pounce out upon a traveller, 
was to be secured without an hour's delay. So they went 
to the common, and found that there was really a white 
house built at the bottom of the largest sandpit. Going 
down into it they found no supper, but a crowd of little 
men, angrily waiting to be measured for their coats. 
As they looked dangerous, Surmullet began measuring 
directly. While he did so you may be sure that a coat 



The Stavesacre Fairies 259 

fell through the ceiling, followed by the cry of " A coat 
for you, tailor ! " and the song of all the little customers : — 

"Coat! Wonderful Coat ! 
What you do wrongly, and what you do well, 
The Coat of Confession will make you tell." 

Now the shoemaker, the hatter, and the tailor worked 
hard each of them for a twelvemonth and a day, before 
they had finished making shoes, and hats, and coats for 
all the Fairies of the Downs and Commons. Teel worked 
hard with honest will, and lived in luxury. Whirlwig 
worked hard because his wife looked after him, and while 
he worked the Fairies gave him famous suppers. Sur- 
mullet worked hard because the Fairies frightened him, 
and every man who is not true is a coward. 

At the end of a twelvemonth and a day the Fairies of 
the Downs and Commons were all fitted with their new 
coats, caps, and shoes, and as these articles were made of 
very durable material, they would outlast the lives of the 
tailor, hatter, and shoemaker who made them. Teel was 
the first to finish. The house on the sand-rock vanished 
when the last Fairy was shod, and the tradesman to the 
Fairies went back with his old wife to their cottage in the 
town. They took with them nothing bat what they had 
brought thence, except the golden Shoes of Safety. A 
month afterwards, Whirlwig, the hatter, came back with 
his wife and seven children, richer for all his work only by 
the Considering Cap ; and Surmullet returned next, with 
the Coat of Confession on his arm. 

They had all been kept so closely to their work, that 
they had never been outside the white houses, invisible to 
other eyes, in which the Fairies had supplied their wants. 
They had been completely and unaccountably lost out of 
Stavesacre. Their houses remained vacant, because new 
people never came into that quiet place, and the settled 
inhabitants were so entirely settled, that a Stavesacre man 
never so much as thought of moving from one house into 
another. When, as it rarely happened, anybody went 
away from Stavesacre, somebody painted on a window of 
the house he quitted that it was To Let. Then it re- 
mained empty until natural increase of population in the 

lace itself would, in the course, perhaps, of many genera- 



i 



26o Fairy Gold 

tions, cause another tenant to be reared. The process 
was a very slow one. In the half-century before the time 
of which this story tells, the increase of the population had 
been only from two thousand one hundred and five to two 
thousand one hundred and eleven. 

When Teel and Till came back into the town, and said 
they had only been as far as the common, where they had 
spent the year in shoemaking for the Fairies, Stavesacre 
said that was a fine tale, but no doubt they had their 
reasons for being secret ; and opinion was divided as to 
the way in which Teel came by his gold shoes. A month 
afterwards, Stavesacre looked out of window to see Whirl- 
wig and Willwit, his wife, tramping in again with their 
seven children. He, too, said that he had been no farther 
than the common, where he had been making caps for the 
Fairies, and was only the richer by a Considering Cap for 
his pains. The only persons who believed that story were 
Teel and Till, and Dame Till lost no time in holding con- 
sultation with Dame Willwit, and comparing their ex- 
perience of Fairy patronage. 

"I am told," said Till, "that those ne'er-do-wells, 
Surmullet and his wife, were lost out of town soon after 
you. Has he been in the same employ, I wonder ? " 

While the two women talked together, Whirlwig came 
downstairs in a rusty blue coat, a stained and soiled red 
waistcoat, and high walls of shirt-collar about his cheeks. 
" I am going to sup at the club," he said to his wife as he 
went out. 

"Ah!" sighed Willwit ; "the Fairies gave him a Con- 
sidering Cap, and he always has refused to put it on. A 
poor man, with a wife and seven children, needs to put 
on his Considering Cap before he goes to sup at the club ; 
but he shall wear it after he comes home. I will put him 
to bed in it to-night." 

"A famous notion, gossip," said Dame Till. "But 
what my man is to do with his shoes I wish I could see- 
He hasn't a fault to be mended, bless his old heart ! " 

" Or a sorrow to be cured," said her friend, "when you 
are by." 

But Till looked into the empty air, and her fingers 
strayed towards a lock of baby hair that had lain folded 
in paper for a score of years upon her bosom. 



The Stavesacre Fairies 261 

Willwit took her by the other hand, like a kind gossip 
as she was, and said, " Yes, though it be twenty years ago, 
it must be hard to miss your little Clary. And you had 
but her ! " 

" If we had but her grave to kneel over ! " mourned the 
good Till. " She may be living with the thieves who stole 
her, and they may have made her one of them ! " 

" If she be alive, there is still hope that you may find 
her. Truly, dear friend, the man would walk on shoes of 
gold who brought her back to you." 

" On shoes of gold ! " Till cried. And leaping up, she 
clapped her hands for joy. " Oh, neighbour, neighbour, 
let me go ! " 

" Husband ! " she panted, when, out of breath with the 
haste she had made, she got home to her old man ; " put 
on those Fairy Shoes of Safety, and go out to find our 
child. My heart tells me they were given you for that." 

" But whither shall I go ? " 

" Put on the shoes and go — ' Safe on the water and safe 
on the land, ready to run at the word of command,' the 
Fairies said they were. Then bid them carry you to Clary, 
if she be alive." 

"You are right, and I am gone," said Teel. While he 
was gone. Till went to the old locker, in which she treasured 
as a relic her white wedding-dress. 

At the word of command, the shoes carried Teel swiftly, 
lightly, through the town. They ran, without touching 
ground, down the slope to the river, crossed the surface 
of the water without wetting a sole, and sped over the 
sward of the deer-park to the wood by the far slopes of 
the winding stream. The autumn leaves were falling on 
its sheltered paths, but the wonderful shoes did not stir or 
tread upon a fallen leaf as they sped on, causing their 
wearer to flit like a shadow through the underwood, already 
damp with night-dew. At last, Teel struck into the thick- 
ness of a massive oak, and entering its substance, stood 
still, in the very heart-wood of the mighty trunk, that 
clipped him about like a cloud. 

The brighter for that veil around it and above it was 
the mossy nest over which Teel now stood still. Here it 
was that the Fairies of the Wood, who stole her, held his 
ktle Clary cradled. Here she was sleeping happily, in form 



II 



262 Fairy Gold 

not a day older than when she was lost, soothed by sing- 
ing from a choir of green wood-fairies, who were her 
attendants. But when Teel snatched her up, and fell to 
kissing her, the Fairies sang : — 

"Playfellow Clary, nice to steal, 
You must go home with Father Teel. 
Clary will be our playfellow for good 
If father don't leave his Gold Shoes in the wood. " 

Teel instantly stepped out of the shadow of the oak, 
and took his shoes off. Their gold rose in a mist that ran 
along the ground and spread into the trees, until the 
autumn leaves dropped, yellow and clinking, upon paths 
that had become strewn with gold. The gnarled trunk of 
the oak was solid enough when Teel turned his back 
upon it. 

So, without stooping to pick up any of the gold through 
which he walked, and without flinching when his naked 
feet trod among thorns, the old shoemaker went through 
the forest. Slowly, and trembling with joy, he went 
through the forest, bearing upon his arms the sleeping 
infant. It was a long walk home, and there was the bridge 
beyond the poplar avenue to be crossed outside Stavesacre, 
for which reason his way must be through the main street. 
But the stars were all out when he reached it, and half the 
town was already abed. Few saw the old man limping 
with torn feet over the stones as he went homeward by the 
light of the crescent moon and of the stars, pressing, with 
shrivelled, knotted hands, the tender sleeping child to his 
warm heart. 

Till saw him from afar, and ran to him through the night 
shadows in her yellowish-white wedding-dress. She had 
been holding solemn festival in this attire, sitting alone in 
her poor room, and so awaiting the return of Clary. If 
she thought of an old time, she had not thought it would 
come back to her so perfectly that Clary would be Baby 
Clary still. She was a yearling child when lost, and as a 
yearling child she was returned into her mother's bosom. 
Age had not hardened the true heart that welcomed her. 
It was a dainty sight to see the old dame crooning with 
love as she wept fast tears over the child that smiled up at 
her from the lap of muslin and old lace and limp white 



The Stavesacre Fairies 263 

satin bows. Till pressed its nose into the wreck of the 
great true-love-knot upon her bosom, and got her thin grey 
hair into confusion with its golden curls, as she sat lip to 
lip with it in her agony of joy. Meanwhile, her old man, 
kneeling before the newly-lighted fire, stirred in their single 
pot a baby-mess with one of his thin hands. His other 
hand moved with a wandering touch about his wife and 
child. 

Presently the child was to be fed with a wooden spoon, 
and grasped the spoon as it was coming to its mouth. 
Immediately the wood was gold. They were in no joy 
about that, but in some concern lest there should be an 
objectionable change made in the gruel. No, that was 
excellent. And Clary throve like any other child ; was 
healthy, happy, natural, except that she would sometimes 
murmur a strange Fairy music in her sleep, and that, when 
touched by her, wood became gold. 

By noon next day so many planks, beams, window- 
frames, and door-posts of the shoemaker's cottage were 
transmuted into shining gold, that gossip Willwit held her 
breath when she ran in with something of interest to tell 
to gossip Till. We know what there was to be told by 
Willwit. What she had to say to Till was that her good 
man Whirlwig, waking up that morning with the Consider- 
ing Cap on his head, had sat up in his bed, and poured out 
such a stream of wise reflections on the headache he had 
got, and on the responsibilities he had got ; on the 
necessity of getting a new coat for the boy Daniel, and new 
shoes for Heartsease, and a new gown for Willwit ; on the 
devotion and prudence of his valuable wife Willwit and his 
own past wastefulness ; on the propriety of instantly re- 
signing his place as Vice-President of Noisy Dogs ; of 
clearing out his shop, and making a great stir, if possible, 
to procure increase of custom ; on the possibility of saving 
enough for the purchase of a small pony-cart with which 
he could go in search of customers to the surrounding 
villages ; on the cost of a cart and of a pony ; on the 
average rate of his possible week's earnings in Stavesacre, 
and on the average weekly cost of a sufficiency of meal, 
of meat, of butter, of eggs ; on the advantages and 
disadvantages of keeping a pig, and his own powers of 

ilding a pigstye ; on the number of years it would take 



II 



264 Fairy Gold 

to turn by economy a pig into a cow ; on the best thing 
to be done for little Sorrel's cough, and the cause of that 
pain in the side his wife had been complaining of; and so 
on, and so on, that he was another man. He had sold 
ten caps that morning; he was inventing, as a specula- 
tion of his own, a grand official hat for the next 
Mayor of Stavesacre. He had already found her 
money enough to get a leg of pork and stuffing for their 
dinner. 

" I wouldn't have my good man lose this industry," said 
Willwit ; " no, not if he got, instead of it, your child's 
wonderful power of gold-making." 

" I don't care for the gold-making," said Till, " though I 
suppose it makes us very rich. That old chair you sit on, 
now it's made of gold, must be worth something. Take 
it home, gossip. Nobody need be poor in Stavesacre if 
this is to last with Clary ; but it's so like a disease, that I 
shall be glad enough to see her cured." 

When she said that, a green dwarf with a very long nose 
peeped in at the door. "Oh, good morning, dame Till," 
he said. " If you don't wish that child of yours to infect 
any more wood with a jaundice, let her walk round the 
room three times in the gold Shoes of Safety. Here they 
are. If you are in the mind to make that use of them, 
keep them ; if not, let them be cast back into the wood 
yonder, where your good man left them." The dwarf 
threw the shoes into the room, and vanished. 

Till put little Clary's feet into the shoes directly, and 
began to guide her tottering. 

"Think what you do," said Willwit. *' The child's 
power will give you never-ending wealth." 

" I want my own natural and healthy little Clary," Till 
replied. 

" But won't you wait till you have advised with your 
husband ? " 

" As to Clary, and all else, my Teel and I are of one 
heart." 

So Clary pattered three times round the room in the 
gold shoes. After the first round, there was no sign of 
amendment, for all the wood in the house not changed 
already became gold. After the second round, everything 
that was made of cotton, hemp, or flax, the child's clothes, 



The Stavesacre Fairies 265 

all the linen the two women wore, and their poor cotton 
gowns, changed into cloth of gold. 

" I fear to go round again," said Till. "The disease 
grows stronger, and the dwarf may have meant only to 
mock me. Yet I will have trust." 

So she went round for the third time, and after that 
there was no change, but there was not a splinter of wood 
left in the house with which to try whether the desired 
change in the child really was effected. The women, 
dressed as they were in gold from head to foot, dared not 
go out of doors to fetch a stick. It was lucky for them that 
at this moment the knave Surmullet and SmuU his wife 
stepped in. 

They were then coming in from the common, and as 
they passed Teel's cottage in the empty country street, 
were the first to notice the golden window-frames and door- 
posts, and the brilliant gold door of Teel's cottage. Inside, 
the room was like a gold mine, with two golden women in 
it and a golden child. 

But a passing boy or two soon spread the news, and all 
the town had presently turned out to look at the shoe- 
maker's cottage, with golden beams and posts, and doors, 
and golden thatch. Surmullet and Smull had been hear- 
ing wonders inside, while they looked greedily about them, 
and Smull had fetched a fagot from the yard to put in the 
child's hand. It remained wood. "A pretty game you 
have spoiled," she said. " My worthy husband also had 
a Fairy gift, and who knows what may come of it. Put on 
your coat, good man." 

Surmullet put on the Coat of Confession which he had 
brought in on his arm, and suddenly began to tell of all 
his rogueries. In-doors and out-of-doors, all Stavesacre 
was there to wonder and listen. Surmullet seized upon 
every man he had cheated or robbed, and made a 
thoroughly clean breast of his offence; but he was 
astonished at the good nature with which all his con- 
fessions were received. 

When Teel came home with the shoe-leather for which 
he had been to the tanyard two miles down the river, he 
found himself suddenly seized by the mob of townspeople 
before and about his cottage, lifted upon men's shoulders, 
and beset with a great shout of " Teel ! Teel ! Teel for 



266 Fairy Gold 

the next Mayor ! " More astonishing still were the shouts 
of " Bravo, Surmullet ! " Though Surmullet was telling 
half the town that he had robbed and cheated it, yet there 
he was, speaking the truth. He who went out a year and 
a day since, a sneak whom no man trusted, and who 
trusted nobody, — he who was known to be a thief when 
he used all his cunning to get credit for honesty, — was 
now held to be honest when he manfully confessed all 
that was in him, though the all was bad. 

Now, the end of the story is, that Surmullet, finding 
comfort in his Coat of Confession, ceased to be the coward 
that he had been. He grew to be fearless in speaking the 
truth, and, from being true in word, soon became true in 
deed. By shifting his coat slyly and whenever he could 
to other men's backs, he found that other men, forced to 
speak all the good and evil that was in them, commonly 
turned out better than almost anybody else expected. The 
sensation of being trusted was to Surmullet himself very 
welcome ; and even Smull was content to stand with her 
husband in the good books of her neighbours. 

Whirlwig became the most considerate and painstaking 
man in the whole world. 

Teel and his wife were the richest people in or out of 
Stavesacre, after they had given gold away to Whirlwig, to 
Surmullet, and to every poor neighbour. There was 
built for them a fine house in the deer-park, where they 
loved, all their days, the kindest and prettiest of daughters. 
Teel wore the Mayor's cap that Whirlwig had distinguished 
himself by inventing. In the second year of his mayoralty, 
he gave his wonderful Shoes, and, in the same year, 
Whirlwig and Surmullet, who no longer needed magic 
help, gave also their Cap and Coat, to be held in per- 
petual possession by the town-council of Stavesacre. 

The Shoes, Coat, and Cap were kept in a strong 
tower, and committed to the keeping of six faithful 
warders. Whenever an offence was committed in the 
town, an officer of justice, putting on the Shoes, com- 
manded them to bring him face to face with the offender. 
Instantly tracked and seized, the culprit was brought 
into the presence of the Mayor. There all the witnesses, 
and the offender himself, wore, when they gave evidence 
of what they knew, the wonderful Coat of Confession. 



i 



The Stavesacre Fairies 267 



The whole truth about everything that related to an 
offence being thus presented to the Mayor, that Magistrate 
put on the wonderful Considering Cap, and arrived at the 
wisest possible decision of the case. There being no 
escape for any Stavesacre criminal while the Cap, Coat, 
and Shoes were there to secure his capture and convic- 
tion, nobody played the rogue ; and the Stavesacre men 
lived for a century with so little necessity for keeping their 
eyes open that they became sleepier than ever. 

So it happened that one day all the six warders who 
kept the apparatus of Stavesacre justice were asleep 
together in the porch of the tower. When they awoke. 
Cap, Coat, and Shoes were gone, and half the houses in 
the town — bolts and bars having long fallen out of use — 
were robbed that night. The thieves were great grand- 
children of Surmullet, and as they crossed Stavesacre 
Common with a wagon-load of plunder, they threw into 
one of the pools a bundle, which contained not only the 
Considering Cap and Coat of Confession, but also the 
golden Shoes of Safety ; for, although these were of solid 
value, there was great fear of their Fairy power. 

Whenever the pools are dragged on Stavesacre Common, 
if that bundle should be found, let it be forwarded 
immediately to the Lord Chief Justice. 




ii^vv^i^^si^-: 



FAIRY SONG 

yl lake arid a,/(tiryi>ocLt 
fX? sail in tfie moon/i^ht c/ear, 
And merri/y jve pirould //oat 
yrom fhe dragons thata/akh ashers^M 

Vhe^own j/jotild ie snour-urhite stik, 
And strings of onent pear/s , 
Xike grd^samers dtp^'d in milk , 
Should ttvine tdrith thy raven curls ! 

k k ^ 



268 



THE BAG OF MINUTES 



TIME ON HAND 




NCE upon a time there was a youth, 
named Trigonel, who was a grief to 
his mother, because he had never in 
his Hfe eaten hot meat. As an infant 
in arms, hot meat was not his food, 
and when he could use his legs he was 
abroad at work or at play, so busy or 
so idle, that he never came to dinner 
till his meat was cold. 

Dame Peaflower, Trigonel's mother, was a proud and 
particular woman. It was her noon of glory to set a hot 
dish in the middle of her table at the very moment when 
the sun — that hot dish on which all the flowers feast — 
stood in the middle of the day. For the sun to stand still 
at noon would not have been more unnatural than for the 
potatoes in the pot of Mistress Peaflower to need another 
minute's boiling when the clock struck twelve. Keeping 
hot is overcooking. " Better," she said, " let meat be 
cold than overcooked." Papilion, her husband, was of 
the same mind ; and little Vetch, her only daughter, being 
helpful to the mother in the house, and being indeed the 
person who peeled the potatoes, always was on the spot 
when she ought to be eating. But of her one son, Trigonel, 
it was the single fault that he was always behind time in 
coming to his dinner. 

Yet this Trigonel was a brave, stalwart lad ; able, in 
hour of need, to bear the whole weight of the house upon 
his shoulders. Father Papilion, who was a woodcutter, 
chopped his foot one day with a false stroke of the axe. 
He was then confined to his house for many weeks ; not 
^rhile he got well, but while his wound got worse and 
■ 269 



270 Fairy Gold 

worse, until at last his life was nearly at at end. Trigonel 
worked with the strength of two men in the forest. In 
many hours of the night he was his father's watchful nurse. 
He found odd moments, too, in which he could make 
mirth and sing, with a voice cracking into manly rough- 
ness, delicate songs for his small sister Vetch, whose joy 
of childhood was not to be quenched because there was a 
day of sorrow on its way to her. The young man was 
true in short, to everything but his dinner. 

Happy are they who in youth have some acquaintance- 
ship among the Fairies of the Hours. Aster, the noon 
Fairy, was Trigonel's good friend. She had come to him 
in his childhood, when he rolled on his back among the 
cowslips of the meadow. Then she appeared, and always, 
like the sheen of a maiden in gold armour, with long locks 
of golden hair. A plume like a flash of light waved over 
the diamond helmet beneath which glanced her blue eyes, 
more radiant than all. To other sight than that of 
Trigonel she was a ray, and nothing more. At mid-day, 
Papilion and Peaflower gave their minds to their meat ; 
so that they did not see, as they must have seen had they 
but dined at half-past twelve o'clock, the sunshine that 
at noon, even when all the upper air was thick with fog 
and sleet, would glitter daily for a little while about their 
boy. He had told his parents often and openly enough 
that he stayed from his dinner to talk with the Noon 
Fairy ; but they only grieved that he should joke upon so 
serious a matter as the being late at meals. 

Trigonel stood under a green oak in the autumn 
wood, leaning against the mighty heap of fagot bundles 
that he had prepared since sunrise. The light of his 
Fairy shone on his brown face and dingy clothes, and 
made the fagots glow as if they were ablaze. Grass- 
hoppers chirped in the light, butterflies fluttered through 
it, and the cups of the golden acorns overhead gleamed 
like cut jewels. Aster sat at the youth's feet, with her 
helmet off. She held between her fondling palms the 
hands from which the axe had fallen, and was dazzling 
him by looking up into his face. 

" Farewell," she said. " You are a man. Work hence- 
forth by yourself. Each of my days, remember, is but 
for an hour, and yet you will be giving life to me all the 



The Bag of Minutes 271 

hours through, while you are brave and open as the 
noon." 

Trigonel laughed. " Am I to add twenty-three hours 
to the one that is your life ? It is but fair, then, that you 
should beg me a spare minute of your father. You have 
told me that he is a great magician, owner of the sand- 
heaps by the border of the endless sea, where each grain 
of the sand is a minute, and each drop of the flood an 
everlasting age. Surely the old man would not deny his 
daughter one spadeful of sand. You know that you want 
to give it as a keepsake to your friend." 

" Ah, me ! " sighed Aster ; " but you ask that as a keep- 
sake which may cause you to forget me. Wear in your 
cap my better gift, this crystal; it will be a star to me 
while you are true ; and take care not to wear it in the 
sun if ever you and honesty be parted. For the other 
gift, say nothing. My father, who flies by unseen, grants 
you your wish." 

Aster slid back into the sun. The incredulous youth, 
with a cheery laugh, looked upwards, shaking his black 
hair at her, and waving with both hands his farewell as 
she flashed from sight. Then, being left alone, he turned 
his face towards his dinner. 

There was a narrow belt of moor between the forest in 
which Trigonel cut wood and his father's cottage. The 
sun was hot on the dry turf, and there was a dropping 
fire among the pods of the whin-blossoms that were 
scattering their seeds with the pop of a Fairy cannonade. 
Suddenly the air was chill, the wind screamed through the 
forest, and the forest itself was not to be seen. Overhead 
shone the sun, there was blue day over the cottage roof, 
beyond was a far prospect over field, and copse, and 
stream. But Trigonel looked back upon the blank of 
night, through which the wind rushed wailing and sobbing. 
Mightier than the wind was presently a sound as of the 
stroke of hugest wings by which the air had been thus 
beaten to tempest. Then the roar ceased, the storm 
rolled back, and the great giant Time, with a face high 
and hard as a mountain-top, and with his beard rolling 
like a cloud among the clouds, stood still over Trigonel. 
One huge arm he upreared, and with the gesture of a 
reveller, swept his great hour-glass through the upper sky. 



272 Fairy Gold 

" Spill ! spill ! " cried Trigonel. " Crack me a hole in 
your glass, and give me of your sands." 

Father Time fixed his eyes on the youth, but said 
nothing. Putting one hand into the robe about his breast, 
he drew out what seemed to be a leathern purse well 
filled, and dropped it at his feet ; then, with a frown, 
spread his wide wings again, and passed on in the hurri- 
cane he raised. When Time beats with his wings in 
angry flight we may be thrown by the wild weather he 
makes, as Trigonel was, unexpectedly upon our faces. 
Trigonel, when the darkness passed and left him in the 
sun again — while it obscured the distant prospect of field, 
copse, and stream — perceived with joy that he had fallen 
so that his nose struck into a sandbag. Cruel or kind. 
Father Time had granted him his wish, and had presented 
him with as much as he could carry on his back of that 
choice sand in which the grains are minutes. Trigonel's 
heart was lighter than his step as, shouldering his bag, he 
slowly tottered on to his cold dinner. 



TIME WASTED 

But the dinner was not cold when Trigonel entered the 
empty kitchen. It was the second hour of afternoon, and 
the old white hen, who should have smoked at twelve 
upon the table, was a black hen, smoking by the fire in 
company with her new kindred the cinders. It was dull 
company, for in the ashy grate the coals had been a good 
deal put out by the boiling over of the saucepans. The 
clean dinner plates were still upon their shelf. 

"Little Vetch ! Mother ! " the youth cried in terror as 
he entered. But there was no answer. Dropping his 
sandbag heedlessly upon the floor, and without staying to 
close the cottage door, Trigonel hurried up the ladder to 
the sleeping-loft. There was his father dying. Vetch, 
poor maid ! trembling, weeping, fondling, lay on the bed 
nestled to Papilion's panting breast, and at the bed-head 
knelt the mother, with her whole soul fixed upon her 
husband. Trigonel, kneeling beside her, put his strong, 



i 



The Bag of Minutes 273 

rough arm about her neck, and bowed his head upon the 
coverlet. 

" O, boy ! it snaps my heart," the mother said. 
" Thirty years my good man, and more Hfe the more love. 
O, for a little, little more time ; till we go together. O, 
for a little, little time ! But a few minutes are left him." 

" Minuces, mother ! " Trigonel cried, jumping up. " A 
little time ! " At the word he was down the ladder. In 
the room below he fell upon a select party of porkers that 
had found their way in, and were thrusting hungry snouts 
into his treasure bag. There never was a man yet who 
secured himself a little spare time but a part of it was eaten 
by the pigs. 

Trigonel seized a handful of the sand as the pigs took 
their leave. They were none of them the better, he saw, 
for their meal. Time, he thought, is a thing to hold and 
not to swallow. Hurrying back, therefore, to the sick-bed, 
he pressed some of the sand into Papilion's failing grasp. 
It was clutched eagerly, and in that instant life flowed back 
upon the dying. 

Death-bed life was in this way prolonged. It soon ap- 
peared that while Papilion had in his hand some of the 
sand, he was the master of so much Time as he held. A 
grain of the sand vanished with each minute that went, but 
till the bag was empty the old man might live. For many 
years he could be kept thus balanced on the point of death. 

Dame Peaflower soon put a check on the loose handling of 
the precious grains. Counting them into sixties and double 
sixties, she had them sewn up carefully into small one-hour 
and two-hour bags. Of these some were again stitched 
together into twelve and twenty-four-hour packets. Had her 
husband's life depended only on her punctuality in keeping 
him supplied with Time, it was secure. But it depended 
also on his own grasp of the Fairy gift. In a little while he 
became weary of the days beyond his span, impatient of 
the fist for ever clenched that his wife tied up like a pudding 
when he dozed, lest the hand loosened in sleep might let 
his life slip through its fingers. Therefore, one day, when 
Trigonel and Vetch were both gone to the wood, and when 
his dame was nursing him, Papilion, raising his head from 
his pillow, kissed her quietly, and while he thus took her 
ttention slipped the freshly-supplied twelve-hour bag out 
s 



274 Fairy Gold 

of his palm into her bosom. Then he sank back with a 
smile that never changed. 

" He was quite right," afterwards said Peaflower to her 
son. " I'd seen myself, dear as he was and is, his life had 
been kept too long to the fire. It isn't only meat that can 
be overdone. If I were you, boy, I would throw away 
that sackful of leisure. Strict to time and ready to the 
minute is worth any heap of odd minutes to spare." 

In the old days, when the kitchen clock might have 
been set by the ways of its mistress, it had never come 
into the mind of Dame Peaflower to tell even her son that 
she was a punctual woman. Punctuality was nature to 
her — no more talked of than digestion by the healthy. 
Now, however, she made daily assertion of her good old 
principles against the heap of odd minutes that tempted 
her. They were so handy. For the sands that had added 
minutes to the life of which the time was out, gave also 
to healthy people time outside the common day. Sixty 
grains held in the hand melted into an hour, of which no 
record was kept by clock or sun. If little Vetch wanted 
two hours of play instead of one, she took a sixty-grain 
packet of Trigonel's sand ; went out at eleven, played for 
two hours, and yet was home again at noon to dinner. If 
Madam Peaflower had a day's washing to get through, she 
would hold a linen bag of sand between her little finger 
and her palm, while she rubbed in the suds with the other 
three fingers and thumb. It was not easy work, but a 
day's washing had been got through in that way, upon one 
occasion, between eleven o'clock and one minute past 
eleven, when the poor Peaflower was so tired and weary 
that she would much rather have gone to bed than cooked 
the dinner. The sand being at hand, no little delays were 
heeded. There was always time for everything. At one 
second to twelve it was not too late to roast an ox before 
the clock struck. Always time for everything was on its 
way to become no time for anything with the most 
punctual of living creatures — and how tired she was ! 
Although the clock took no note of her added work, she 
felt it in her bones. The Fairy-sand gave time, not 
strength, beyond the common bounds. Then, too, if 
she was tired, how fagged was Trigonel ! That young 
man, eager to earn for his mother and sister silk attire, 



m 



E 



The Bag of Minutes 275 

sometimes would make his arms ache with twelve hours 
of chopping between breakfast and dinner. And when he 
did come home to dinner, very likely he would find his 
mother fast asleep upon the floor. Always oppressed by 
fatigue, she was apt to drop asleep suddenly and unex- 
pectedly. Even when she had in her hand the Fairy-sand, 
it would then slip from her hold, and the hours of the 
day would march in procession over her, till Trigonel came 
home and woke her up. Little Vetch, too, when she had 
overplayed herself, would drop about the house like a fly 
in November. Sometimes even Trigonel the brave, who 
was so haggard that he looked like an old man, went off" 
into a sound morning sleep over his woodcutting. Then, 
if by chance it happened that his mother and Vetch were 
snoring on the floor at home, the sun might set before 
they all came to themselves, and wondered whether they 
had had their dinner. 

Vetch was the first to find that the natural day had the 
ght number of hours for her. While her mother and her 
rother were still worrying and wearying themselves, she, 
meddling no longer with the Fairy-sand, budded and 
blossomed into the full beauty of her maidenhood. The 
mother's housekeeping had fallen into such confusion of 
hours, that the cheerful and busy daughter took that 
charge out of her hands. It was Vetch now who, setting 
her ways by the sun, kept up a wholesome order in all 
household affairs; who made out the time of the true 
noon by setting on the kitchen table the meat she herself 
had cooked ; and who sought to lessen the unruliness, not 
only of Trigonel, but also of the good Dame Peaflower 
herself. 

"Mother," she said, one day, when they were shelling 
peas together at the kitchen table, " Poppy, the ploughboy, 
knows a great deal." 

"Ah! "said Peaflower. 

"What do you think he told me yesterday?" 

"Well, I think I can guess." 

" No," Vetch answered, with a bright smile and the flicker 
of a blush ; "you guess nothing important. Poppy and I 
only talk about important things." While she spoke, 
Trigonel entered hastily, crying out, "Where's the sand, 

other ? — be quick ! " 



276 Fairy Gold 

"Why, what's the matter, boy?" 

Trigonel, with a large packet of sand in his hand, and 
the whole bag on his shoulder, had only time to say, before 
he hurried out — 

" Grand notion of Poppy's ! Ducks for dinner ? I shall 
be back in the cracking of a peascod ! " 



III 

A FORTUNE MADE IN NO TIME 

Poppy had simply been suggesting, as a confidential family 
friend, that Fairy gifts have nothing at all to do with 
ordinary life. The sand in Trigonel's bag probably was 
worth a thousand gold pieces a grain to somebody. He 
had heard of a King who would have given his throne for 
two minutes of time. If kings frequently made such 
offers, Trigonel might furnish his kitchen with a fine set of. 
a dozen thrones, instead of the four old oaken chairs that 
his father had chopped out of the forest. Magic tools 
could be meant only for working upon magic stuff. Dolt 
of a Trigonel ! To get no more out of his Fairy-sand than 
a few silver crowns more profit by his wood-cutting ! Let 
him shoulder his bag of minutes, and hold some of the 
sand tight in his hand, while he looked out for great ad- 
ventures. Let him always have sand in his fist, and he 
might, if he did not rest too easily content, step out of his 
door to come back with his fortune made in no time. So 
he did. 

That is the Prince Marattin who comes galloping across 
the plain, where there is a distant prospect from the 
cottage-door of field and copse and stream. Field and 
copse and stream — and mountains where there were no 
mountains last night. The plain was being changed into 
a valley among high and tumbled rocks, while Prince 
Marattin spurred for life towards the one opening still left 
on the side of the forest. 

" Out of the way, bagman ! " said the Prince, as Trigonel, 
standing before him, seized the reins. But that youth, 
taking the horse by his right foreleg, thrust a four-hour 
packet of sand between the hoof and the shoe, and then, 



II 



The Bag of Minutes 277 

flinging his sand-bag across the horse's neck, himself jumped 
up behind his gracious Highness. 

" I am in peril of life ! Down, fellow ! " the Prince cried. 
"Never mind that," Trigonel answered. "Take a good 
grip of my bag that lies before you, and no matter what 
your peril is, you shall get out of it." 

The Prince, who was in danger enough to grasp at a 
straw, fastened, of course, at once upon the sand-bag. 

Now," Trigonel said, "be easy, my lord. Our time's 
own." The Prince Marattin and his horse were as 
white as the miller with long scampering through all the 
dust they raised. Trigonel, now sitting behind his High- 
ness, wiped a large piece of his back with his coat-sleeve, 
and saw that he wore copper armour. " Only copper ! " he 
said to himself. "You poor halfpenny Prince ! Where 
shall I find the Crown Prince who wears silver ? " Marattin 
saw that, although his horse had changed its pace for that 
of a mere beast of burden, not another stone was added to 
the ring of rocks, so he said nothing until they had passed 
through the opening towards the forest. Over that they 
saw the giants striding, as men stride over grass, every one 
with a lot of mountains on his back. 

" Wonderful man ! " said Marattin then. " You have 
helped me through the prison wall these enemies of mine 
were building, and have brought me to where they will rain 
mountains over us till we are crushed. How shall I thank 
you?" 

" A giant helps me who is stronger than them all," said 
Trigonel. "Amble on; we have time." The army of 
giants stood like a wilderness of sublime statues, every one 
with the sign, and no more than the sign, of life and 
motion in his limbs, as the horse stumbled among the 
patches of trees, crushed and trampled by the great feet 
treading over them, with Marattin, Trigonel, and the sand- 
bag all on his back. 

"Now," Trigonel said, when they had passed from 
between the thickest pair of giant legs, and were toiling 
over a great hillock of foot, " my lord, the Bagman will 
bid you good-day. I must shoulder my bag and begone." 

" Not leaving me to ruin " 

" No ! for your horse and copper armour I will give you 
wo hours to escape with. You are a king ? " 



278 Fairy Gold 

" Since yesterday ! " 

Trigonel did not like the fellow. The cold of his heart 
struck through his eyes; his long, pointed moustaches 
were like bayonets, and under his mouth there hung a 
beard like a false tongue. 

"Very well," said the youth. "If you want another 
two hours, have them. Take my cap and leathern jerkin. 
Give me your horse and copper armour, and we part." 
, So the Prince went on his way afoot in cap and leathern 
jerkin, with a two-hour packet of time clenched in his fist. 
Trigonel took his gracious Ilighness's address and trotted 
away, with his sack before him and the copper on his 
back. 

Always taking care that there should be plenty of spare 
time in his hand and plenty tucked between one of the 
horse's front hoofs and his shoe, Trigonel travelled at his 
leisure. He went forward till the helmets of the giants, 
when looked back upon, appeared like distant mountain 
crests ; and there was a large city before him, out of which 
had been brought, by a great crowd, a knight in armour, 
covered with dust that the crowd raised. He had a rope 
tied round his neck, and sat in the hangman's cart. As 
Trigonel rode up to him, the Knight began to cry with 
might and main, " Behold the enemy ! He of the copper 
armour is Marattin ! Seize him, and let him tell you that 
I am his enemy and not his spy ! " 

" I wear Marattin's armour," Trigonel said, taking off 
the helmet. " But whoever knows him may see that I am 
not he." 

The Knight, leaping out of the cart, ran forward to 
seize Trigonel's hand, and said, "Great hero, have you 
vanquished him? Shout, people, for the suf)pressor of 
Marattin ! " And the people would have shouted them- 
selves thirsty again for much less than that. Trigonel put 
his hand on the Knight's shoulder to answer him, and 
saw that here was a man dressed in silver armour. " Only 
silver ! " he said to himself. " You poor Crown-Prince ! 
Where shall I find the Sovereign Emperor who wears 
nothing but gold ? " But he spoke to himself so that he 
was overheard. 

"That Emperor is my father," said the Silver Knight. 
'* Of course you wish to carry your good tidings to him." 



I 



H|ea' 



i 



The Bag of Minutes 279 

"At once," said Trigonel, giving time to the Silver 
Knight. " The people will not lose a minute, though we 
ride for a month and leave them standing here. Borrow 
that mare out of the hangman's cart, let me see to her 
shoes, and ride with me to the country of the Emperor, 
your father." 

So Trigonel rode with the Silver Prince into the city, 

ving the crowd exactly as they found it ; every listener 
in it with his ear turned ; every one who spoke or hallooed 
with his mouth still open, his gesture fixed, or the cap he 
had thrown still in the air. 

"We had made undersea gangways," said the Silver 
Prince, " out of my father's island into most lands round 
about. Suddenly coming up into this city by a path just 
opened, I was taken for a spy of Marattin, whom I hate, 
and against whose treacheries all men are watching. I 
believe him to be now surrounded by the giants that will 
crush him ; yet if you yourself are not his vanquisher, how 
came you by his armour ? " 

" Never mind," Trigonel answered. They had passed 
through a mountain cavern near the city walls, and were 
now traversing an endless tunnel, lighted by towers open 
to the sky. To each of them there was an ascent by 
winding terraces. " May we not mount one of these 
towers ? " From the battlemented summit of the first they 
climbed Trigonel and the Prince looked out over the sea. 
A stiff breeze caught their helmet plumes, and the salt 
spray broke over them. A dotted line of towers led their 
eyes to a white streak on the horizon. 

" That," said the Prince, stretching arm and finger to it, 
" is the country of my golden father, which strikes root 
through the foundations of the sea, and becomes neigh- 
bour to all nations." 

The way seemed to be long to the dominions of the 
Emperor in Gold. At last they were reached, and Trigonel 
restored to a magnificent father the young Prince whom he 
had saved out of the hangman's hands. 

This Prince was but a younger son. Eldest son of the 
golden Lord was the illustrious Duke (the name of whose 
rank has been corrupted into Duck) of Diamonds. The 
Duke of Diamonds was paved with precious stones from 

p to toe, and wore by his side a sword of many jewels 



28o Fairy Gold 

beaten into a blade at the forge of the Fairies. Trigonel, 
open as noon, told all his story to the King, confessing 
candidly that he had come abroad to make his fortune. 
He had it in copper, when he bought for one hundred and 
twenty grains of sand the armour of Marattin. He had 
not asked for it in silver when he saved the Silver Knight, 
because he learnt that the Emperor in Gold was his father. 
Now, however, he owned that he felt partiality towards the 
Duke of Diamonds. 

"Well," said the King, "say no more. I will not buy 
your sand, because we are in this land already a hundred 
years ahead of the rest of the world, but you shall go home 
in a suit of armour like my eldest son's, and that alone is 
worth a common dukedom. Possibly, you have a sister ? " 

" Sire, I have." 

" Then shall my son, the Diamond Duke, who wants a 
wife, ride home with you himself, and if he should like 
your sister, he will marry her." 

So it was done ; and as this is no traveller's tale, I need 
not describe how they made the journey. Trigonel, dressed 
in diamonds, rode beside the Diamond Duke, who was 
mounted upon a great piebald horse in sapphire harness. 
They were both shouting " House, ho ! " outside the 
cottage of Dame Peaflower, before Vetch, with her dainty 
little thumb, had scraped the peas out of the shell she was 
cracking when her brother stepped into the sun to make 
his fortune. Mother and daughter hurried to the thres- 
hold ; but the Diamond Duke, when he looked at Vetch, 
immediately saw that she would be the best wife in the 
world for him. So the first words he said to her (and she 
was the first person to whom he spoke) were, " Marry 
me." But Vetch had her fortune made already in the love 
of her dear oracle, Poppy, the ploughboy. Therefore, she 
said, " No, thank you," to the Duke of Diamonds. Dame 
Peaflower explained to the Duke that Poppy, although 
only a ploughboy, knew a great deal, and had on this very 
occasion been her son Trigonel's adviser. 

" Better still," said the Duke. " We in our land want a 
wise Vizier quite as much as I want a wife. Poppy knows a 
great deal. Poppy's advice has clothed your son in diamonds. 
Fetch Poppy, and he shall be our Minister of State. The 
tender little Vetch shall be his wife. You, sir, who have 



The Bag of Minutes 281 

saved my life, shall be my friend, and we will all take care 
of the good mother. Let us dine together, and then start." 

Vetch was willing to go if Poppy thought he would like 
a State Minister's business as well as ploughing. Poppy 
was sent for, and the affair was settled. So the Widow 
Peaflower sat down at noon to her dinner of ducks and 
green peas, with the betrothed Poppy and Vetch, one on 
each side of her. Her ducks were carved by the Duke of 
Diamonds himself. But Trigonel, who was gone out to 
feed the horses, had not come in when the ducks were 
cut. His eye had been caught by a well-remembered flash 
descending swiftly from the sun, and lost behind the 
mountains that now made a valley of his native plain. The 
flash was Aster, the Noon Fairy, ablaze with wrath, having 
in rigid grasp her downward-pointed spear. 

When Trigonel exchanged his cap and jerkin for 
Marattin's armour, he had left in his cap, too thoughtlessly, 
the crystal which his playfellow, the Fairy, had set in its 
front. Over Marattin's forehead it had clouded into a dull 
black, and when, under the noonday sun, the wicked 
Prince was about to kill a beggar who demurred to his 
demand of free gift of the broken meat he carried, suddenly 
the magic crystal stretched into the semblance of a black, 
lean hand, with knotty joints and cruel nails, that beckoned 
vengeance down. Against him who had dared to wear on 
his false front the crystal of the Noon Fairy, Aster herself 
struck the spear. Marattin died thus of a sunstroke. 

Then the appeased giants went back to their caves, 
leaving the mountains they had raised as records of their 
wrath ; and Aster, playful as of old, but with a whisper of 
rebuke, appeared again to Trigonel, who had his crystal 
back, clear as at first. 

Again, therefore, the youth had missed his midday 
dinner, but he dined at one o'clock, and afterwards was 
ready to depart, with Peaflower, Vetch, and Poppy, to the 
wonderful land, where the Duke of Diamonds would be 
their bosom friend. There is nothing else to be told, 
except that before starting, Trigonel, by the advice of 
Counsellor Poppy, scattered his bag of minutes to the 
winds, and ever since he did that, grains of spare time, 
seldom to be caught, are thought to have been dancing 
upon puffs and eddies of wind up and down the world. 



i 



THE WHITE DOE OF RYLSTON 

TIj^ROM Bolton's old monastic tower 

■^ The bells ring loud with gladsome power ; 

The sun is bright ; the fields are ga)' 

With people in their best array 

Of stole and doublet, hood and scarf, 

Along the banks of crystal Wharf, 

Through the Vale retired and lowly, 

Trooping to that summons holy. 

And, up among the moorlands, see 

What sprinklings of blithe company ! 

Of lasses and of shepherd grooms. 

That down the steep hills force their way, 

Like cattle through the budded brooms ; 

Path, or no path, what care they ? 

And thus in joyous mood they hie 

To Bolton's mouldering Priory. 

What would they there ? — Full fifty years 
That sumptuous Pile, with all its peers, 
Too harshly hath been doomed to taste 
The bitterness of wrong and waste : 
Its courts are ravaged ; but the tower 
Is standing with a voice of power, 
That ancient voice which wont to call 
To mass or some high festival ; 
And in the shattered fabric's heart 
Remaineth one protected part ; 
A rural Chapel, neatly drest, 
In covert like a little nest ; 
And thither young and old repair, 
This Sabbath-day, for praise and prayer. 

Fast the church-yard fills ; — anon 
Look again, and they all are gone ; 
The cluster round the porch, and the folk 
Who sate in the shade of the Prior's Oak ! 



The White Doe of Rylston 283 

And scarcely have they disappeared 
Ere the prelusive hymn is heard : — 
With one consent the people rejoice, 
Filling the church with a lofty voice ! 
They sing a service which they feel : 
For 't is the sun-rise now of zeal, 
And faith and hope are in their prime, 
In great Eliza's golden time. 

A moment ends the fervent din. 
And all is hushed, without and within ; 
For though the priest, more tranquilly, 
Recites the holy liturgy. 
The only voice which you can hear 
Is the river murmuring near. 
— When soft ! — the dusky trees between, 
And dowTi the path through the open green, 
Where is no living thing to be seen ; 
And through yon gateway, where is found. 
Beneath the arch with ivy bound. 
Free entrance to the church-yard ground ; 
And right across the verdant sod 
Towards the very house of God ; 
— Comes gliding in with lovely gleam, 
Comes gliding in serene and slow, 
Soft and silent as a dream, 
A solitary Doe ! 
White she is as lily of June, 
And beauteous as the silver moon 
When out of sight the clouds are driven, 
And she is left alone in heaven ; 
Or like a ship some gentle day 
In sunshine sailing far away, 
A glittering ship, that hath the plain 
Of ocean for her own domain. 

Lie silent in your graves, ye dead ! 
Lie quiet in your church -yard bed ! 
Ye living, tend your holy cares ; 
Ye multitude, pursue your prayers ; 
And blame not me if my heart and sight 
Are occupied with one delight ! 



284 Fairy Gold 



'Tis a work for sabbath hours 
If I with this bright Creature go, 
Whether she be of forest bowers, 
From the bowers of earth below ; 
Or a Spirit, for one day given, 
A gift of grace from purest heaven. • 

What harmonious pensive changes 
Wait upon her as she ranges 
Round and through this Pile of state. 
Overthrown and desolate ! 
Now a step or two her way 
Is through space of open day. 
Where the enamoured sunny light 
Brightens her that was so bright ; 
Now doth a delicate shadow fall, 
Falls upon her like a breath. 
From some lofty arch or wall. 
As she pas-ses underneath : 
Now some gloomy nook partakes 
Of the glory that she makes, — 
High-ribbed vault of stone, or cell 
With perfect cunning framed as well 
Of stone, and ivy, and the spread 
Of the elder's bushy head ; 
Some jealous and forbidding cell. 
That doth the living stars repel, 
And where no flower hath leave to dwell. 

The presence of this wandering Doe 
Fills many a damp obscure recess 
With lustre of a saintly show ; 
And, re-appearing, she no less 
To the open day gives blessedness. 
But say, among these holy places, 
Which thus assiduously she paces. 
Comes she with a votary's task. 
Rite to perform, or boon to ask ? 
Fair Pilgrim ! harbours she a sense 
Of sorrow, or of reverence ? 
Can she be grieved for quire or shrine, 
Crushed as if by wrath divine ? 



The White Doe of Rylston 285 




The White Doe of Rylston 287 

For what survives of house where God 

Was worshipped, or where Man abode ; 

For old magnificence undone ; 

Or for the gentler work begun 

By Nature, softening and concealing, 

And busy with a hand of healing, — 

For altar, whence the cross was rent. 

Now rich with mossy ornament. 

Or dormitory's length laid bare. 

Where the wild rose blossoms fair ; 

And sapling ash, whose place of birth 

Is that lordly chamber's hearth ? 

— She sees a warrior carved in stone. 

Among the thick weeds, stretched alone 

A warrior, with his shield of pride 

Cleaving humbly to his side. 

And hands in resignation prest. 

Palm to palm, on his tranquil breast : 

Methinks she passeth by the sight, 

As a common creature might : 

If she be doomed to inward care, 

Or service, it must lie elsewhere. 

— But hers are eyes serenely bright. 

And on she moves — with pace how light ! 

Nor spares to stoop her head, and taste 

The dewy turf with flowers bestrown ; 

And thus she fares, until at last 

Beside the ridge of a grassy grave 

In quietness she lays her down ; 

Gently as a weary wave 

Sinks, when the summer breeze hath died. 

Against an anchored vessel's side ; 

Even so, without distress, doth she 

Lie down in peace, and lovingly. 

The day is placid in its going. 
To a lingering motion bound, 
Like the river in its flowing — 
Can there be a softer sound ? 
So the balmy minutes pass, 
While this radiant Creature lies 
Couched upon the dewy grass, 



288 Fairy Gold 

Pensively with downcast eyes. 

— When now again the people rear 

A voice of praise, with awful cheer ! 

It is the last, the parting song ; 

And from the temple forth they throng — 

And quickly spread themselves abroad — 

While each pursues his several road. 

But some, a variegated band, 

Of middle-aged, and old, and young. 

And little children by the hand 

Upon their leading mothers hung, 

Turn, with obeisance gladly paid, 

Towards the spot, where, full in view. 

The lovely Doe of whitest hue. 

Her sabbath couch has made. 

It was a solitary mound ; 
Which two spears' length of level ground 
Did from all other graves divide : 
As if in some respect of pride ; 
Or melancholy's sickly mood. 
Still shy of human neighbourhood ; 
Or guilt, that humbly would express 
A penitential loneliness. 

" Look, there she is, my Child ! draw near ; 
She fears not, wherefore should we fear ? 
She means no harm ; " — but still the Boy, 
To whom the words were softly said. 
Hung back, and smiled and blushed for joy, 
A shame-faced blush of glowing red ! 
Again the Mother whispered low, 
" Now you have seen the famous Doe ; 
From Rylston she hath found her way 
Over the hills this sabbath-day ; 
Her work, whate'er it be, is done. 
And she will depart when we are gone ; 
Thus doth she keep from year to year. 
Her sabbath morning, foul or fair." 



LA BELLE DAME SANS MERCI 



A BALLAD 



OWHAT can ail thee, knight-at-arms, 
Alone and palely loitering ? 
The sedge has witherd from the lake, 
And no birds sing. 



what can ail thee, knight-at-arms, 
So haggard and so woe-begone ? 

The squirrels granary is full, 
And the harvest's done. 

Ill 

1 see a lily on thy brow, 

With anguish moist and fever-dew, 
And on thy cheeks a fading rose 
Fast withereth too. 

IV 

I met a lady in the meads. 
Full beautiful — a fairy's child, 

Her hair was long, her foot was light. 
And her eyes were wild. 



I made a garland for her head. 

And bracelets too, and fragrant zone 

She look'd at me as she did love. 
And made sweet moan. 
289 



290 



Fairy Gold 



VI 



I set her on my pacing steed, 

And nothing else saw all day long, 

For sidelong would she bend, and sing 
A fairy's song. 



VII 



She found me roots of relish sweet, 
And honey wild, and manna-dew, 

And sure in language strange she said — 
" I love thee true." 




VIII 



She took me to her elfin grot. 

And there she wept, and sigh'd full sore, 
And there I shut her wild wild eyes 

With kisses four 



IX 



And there she lulled me asleep. 

And there I dream'd — Ah ! woe betide 

The latest dream I ever dream'd 
On the cold hill's side. 



La Belle Dame Sans Merci 291 



I saw pale kings and princes too, 

Pale warriors, death-pale were they all ; 

They cried — " La Belle Dame sans Merci 
Hath thee in thrall ! " 

XI 

I saw their starved lips in the gloam, 
With horrid warning gaped wide. 

And I awoke and found me here. 
On the cold hill's side. 

XII 

And this is why I sojourn here, 

Alone and palely loitering. 
Though the sedge is wither'd from the lake. 

And no birds sing. 




T* 




THE MAGIC MACKEREL 



THE MACKEREL DISCOVERS SOMETHING IN HIS LINE 

T is not every fish that knows how to 
give a dancing-party. The Mackerel 
does not dance ; he sings, and enjoys 
music of every sort except a catch. 
Therefore he does not attend the fancy 
balls of my Lord Shark, which are so 
fine that they throw all the sea into 
commotion. 

My Lord Shark fattens upon hospitality. He asks his 
meat to dine with him ; introduces affably the Whale to 
the Shrimp, and the Pike to the Gudgeon; heads the 
revels jovially, and sends everybody home, who does get 
home, so full of the good things of the sea, that the tide 
rolls with his praises. Some there are who do not get 
home, but they cannot complain. 

Once upon a time, my Lord Shark gave one of his fancy 
balls. The fishes, in preparing themselves for the revel\ 
had used up everything they could find in their masquerade 
store, and were still only half dressed. Gale and Whirl- 
wind, therefore, were commissioned to send down many 
more shiploads of frippery. The said firm, which drives a 
roaring trade, busied itself to such good purpose for its 
customers the fishes, that this one particular ball was the 
grandest ever given under water. 

The small fry that were permitted to look on made walls 
and roof to the great dining-hall. Kept in square, head 
over head, by a detachment of Sword-fishes, glittering eyes 
and golden noses of seven hundred and seven million 
million of Pilchards formed the lofty w^alls. Those eyes 
and noses belonged only to fortunate possessors of front 
places in the great mob eager to see the feast. Many of 

292 



The Magic Mackerel 293 

the distinguished guests liked to eat bits of the wall as 
much as any other delicacy offered for refreshment ; but 
holes made by their nibbling were filled up instantly by the 
exulting outsiders, for whom front places were thus pro- 
cured. The roof of the ball-room was a floating cloud of 
those small beings which sometimes appear as fire upon the 
surface of the wave. It was a joke of the Whale's every 
ten minutes to break from the dance into the outer sea, 
and then come tumbling back into the ball-room through 
the roof, with his great mouth open, swallowing the candles ; 
for the myriads in the roof served also as candles at the 
feast they covered in. I know no more than that, in some 
such fashion, a whole palace was made for the occasion, of 
rooms scooped out of the crowd of little fishes, miles broad 
and miles deep, that thronged to see the fun. Except 
what he had of Gale and Whirlwind, who are well-known 
purveyors of meat to the fishes, besides being establishers 
of the great frippery store under the sea, my Lord Shark's 
feast came with the crowd that admired it, and the guests 
who were to entertain each other. 

The costume worn at this fancy ball displayed number- 
less treasures of the deep. Lord Shark had made himself 
a chain of state from the skeleton hands of good men lost 
in a December tempest. He had wrapped himself in a gay 
coat, that was the three-coloured flag of their wrecked 
vessel ; but as it did not keep him comfortable, he thought 
of enlarging it before his next ball with some patches bitten 
out of other flags. My Lord had covered his tail with an 
odd red cap, much dirtied, and had wriggled till his nose 
was set fast in a gilt brass crown, which had in some way 
fallen among the fishes. Being nearly stifled by this, he 
was obliged to gasp so much that his teeth were constantly 
on view. Still my Lord Shark he was, and the feast was his. 
Two Cuttlefish, who had covered themselves with more 
slime than belonged to them by nature, flaunted in goose 
feather. These creatures waited near my Lord's jaws, and 
whenever they saw that he was preparing for a snap, 
darkened the water round about him with their ink. Foi 
the Shark — to inspire confidence among his guests — de- 
clared that he ate nothing, and wished none to see him fix- 
ing his teeth in his prey. A circle of Sprats surrounded this 
great creature, for he was glad when he looked at them to 



294 Fairy Gold 

know how great he was. There were some Sprats who had 
been present at the breaking of a barrel of pitch, and being 
stained — for the pitch stuck — of the colour of Whales, they 
believed themselves to be a sort of Whale, and as they 
swam, half split themselves with struggling to blow water- 
spouts out of their noses. 

Distinguished among the company there was the Crab, 
who kept a stall or grotto of men's bones, and who had 
filled his grotto with old nails and chips of wood, crosses 
and whips, and chains and curiosities in bottles. He had 
a sceptre from the broken figure-head of an old war-vessel 
fastened to one of his forelegs, and this he trailed behind 
him in the mud as he crawled round and round his stall, 
in anything but a straightforward way, begging of every 
fish who seemed to be of consequence that he would please 
to remember the grotto. A free kind of Sword-fish fell into 
a passion with this Crab, ran at him, and turned him over 
on his back, at the same time knocking his grotto down. 
Then there came swimming through the holes they 
made in an old three-crowned hat, files of Sardines, who 
ran away with the clog on the Crab's leg, and so left 
the poor creature free to scramble quickly out of sight. 

But the Mackerel saw none of the gaiety and had part in 
none of the Shark's feast. He stayed at home for a good 
many different-sized reasons, and one great reason — that 
he was too busy. For years he had devoted his whole 
mind to a question of magic. He had been occupied 
intensely with the study of that mysterious line which, till 
this day, wit of man or fish never availed to decipher — the 
line written in strange letters on the Mackerel's back. 
Clearly these are the varied letters of some words of 
mystery. In a strange language writing is traced on the 
back of the Mackerel, and it is even underlined in evidence 
of its importance. Now, it happened that our Mackerel, 
who had been studying his own back for a hundred 
years in a glass borrowed from a Mermaid, read the first 
letter of the magic line at a time when the revel of the 
Shark's great fancy ball was shaking all the water round 
his cave. And in the moment when he knew what was the 
interpretation of the first letter, his tail-fins grew into legs 
having feet each with a thousand toes, and his gill-fins 
stretched themselves into arms having hands each with a 



The Magic Mackerel 



295 

thousand fingers. Music had been his sole refreshment in 
the intervals of work. A good-natured Siren used to bring 
her harp and sing with him. Sometimes, when she meant 
soon to come back, her harp had been left in a corner of 
his cave. There it was at that moment, ready to be 
touched, and the exulting Mackerel, taking it between his 
feet, swept his two thousand fingers through its many 
strings. Then music, such as no ten-fingered creature 
ever made, brought all the Sirens to^his door. A magnifi- 




cent Cod-fish, rolling by on his way to the fancy ball, pushed 
through the Sirens, and looking in as he passed, said, 
" Not bad for a Mackerel ! " But all the little Pilchards, 
who, like the Herrings, have music in their hearts, ran to 
the wonderful harper when the sound of his song reached 
them. Off and away went, therefore, the walls of the ball- 
room. After the walls ran the guests, till, in a little while, 
there remained only, in open water, my Lord Shark and his 
black Sprats. My Lord, for want of better meat, snapped 
at these creatures, made a wry face as he crunched them, 
and then spat them out. For Sprat and pitch sauce 
disagreed even with him. 



296 Fairy Gold 



II 

MORE IN THE SAME LINE 

Although there may be more fish in the sea than ever 
came out of it, there never was another fish so bold as the 
Mackerel, who, popping his head above water, hailed a 
fishing-boat to carry him to shore. " Is it a Mackerel ? " 
thought to himself Filarete, the fisherman. " Can a 
Mackerel hold up a long arm, stretch a finger, and cry, 
* Boat, ahoy ? ' " Of course this fisherman did not know 
how this fish was studying his letters with advantage to 
himself. The first letter he learned gave him a thousand 
fingers and a thousand toes. The interpretation of the 
second letter on his back having now flashed upon him, he 
was able to speak in a thousand tongues. As most fishes 
are mute, the greater number of these tongues were those 
of men, and beasts, and birds. " My talents are drowned 
in the sea," said Mackerel ; " I care not for a fishy 
reputation. Why have my tail-fins become legs, except 
that I may walk upon the land ? To the land I will go, 
being on fire to extend through earth and air the fame that 
has already circled through the water." So, as he meant, 
nevertheless, to go on studying his back, he tucked under 
his arm the Mermaid's glass, bought for a song. He took 
also his new thousand-stringed harp. It was made for him 
by the Sirens, of hair from their own tresses, stretched over 
the shell of that crawling thing of the deep which once put 
the chiefs of men into its purple livery. 

The Mackerel was looking for a boat to carry him over 
the surf to the shore, when he hailed the young fisherman 
Filarete with " Boat, ahoy ! " 

" What do you want ! What are you ? " 

" I am the famous Doctor Mackerel Pescadillo, linguist 
and composer. Take me over the breakers. I have 
business ashore." As he spoke. Doctor Pescadillo reached 
the side of the fishing-boat, and putting up an arm, seized, 
with a many-fingered hand, the boatman's oar, and jumped 
in cleverly. 

" Legs too," said Filarete ; " and you stand upright ! 
Business ashore ! I think you have." Then he entangled 






i 



The Magic Mackerel 297 

him in eight or ten folds of his fishing-net. " You and I 

will have business together, my fine fish." And he began 

to amuse himself, as he pulled eagerly to land, with crying, 

' Walk up ! all alive ! " already fancying himself the prince 

f showmen, " All alive ; the Mackerel is now upon his 

igs, and speaking. Now's your time ! Be quick ; for the 

iracle of nature is engaged to marry the Randan of the 

acific Ocean's Grandmother, and is going off directly 

a fly ! " While he spoke, the boat occupied his attention, 

or he was backing her across the breakers. Away darted 

e Mackerel when she was safely beached, and scampered 

inging up the shingle. 

With a thousand fingers upon each hand, knots are very 
soon unpicked. Pescadillo had not only unpicked himself 
a way out of the net, but had unpicked every knot in the 
whole mesh ; so that when he leapt out of the boat, 
Filarete's nets were become a litter of loose string. The 
Mackerel ran faster than a swallow flies, and yet the 
fisherman gave chase ; for the mischievous fish, instead of 
running out of sight, often sat down or lay down, feigning 
' leep, and never started off again until the hand, stretched 
ut to seize him, was within a scale's breadth of his 
dy. For he was resolved that Filarete should be his 
follower 

They ran till dusk, when they got to the top of a moun- 
tain, which they had been climbing all the afternoon ; for 
it had pleased the fish to try his friend's wind to the 
tmost. On the mountain-top were ragged points of 
granite, but the central peak was a smooth table on which 
twenty men could stand. The Mackerel then slipped into 
a hole under a peak, while the fisherman, distrusting his 
feet, sat down to use his eyes. He was too hungry to 
sleep, and watched well until morning, when" he observed, 
where he had lost sight of the Mackerel, a gleam as of 
water in a cranny of the rock. He had been drenched in 
the mists of evening, and had seen the moon half the 
ight through. He had heard odd music after sunset, as 
f a thousand or two of tiny fingers had been harping. 
The ridiculous Mackerel had sung also sentimental songs 
about the stars. 

Then, as dawn approached, when the poor fisherman 
was shivering with cold and hunger, the Mackerel, still full 



298 Fairy Gold 

of sentiment, as he was empty of all other meat, was heard 
singing :— 

" Now like the tender hope of fish, the doubtful morning breaks, 
Scarce venturing to thrust a beam upon the sullen flakes 
That stretch across the East, as though they gathered there to bar 
The passage of the coursers of the sun's triumphal car." 

" Tooraloral la ! " said the fisherman, " but I will ven- 
ture a thrust on your flakes with something handier than a 
beam, my good friend." The Mackerel was at the bottom 
of a deep cleft in the rock, where he could not be reached 
by his friend's arm, and he had turned his hole into a 
fountain of sentiment, because that was the most nauseous 
thing he could produce for the vexation of his adversary. 
But Filarete saw a bush growing near the Mackerel's 
retreat, and felt that he could produce what would be 
more stirring than any nonsense verses. He tore off,, 
therefore, a long straight bough, rapidly stripped it into a 
small pole, and began savagely to thrust at Doctor Pesca- 
dillo. As he did so, he found that the gleam from the 
cleft was not of water, but of looking-glass, in which the 
Mackerel seemed to have been admiring himself while he 
sang. The glass he smashed, but the owner of it ran up 
his stick almost into his hand, leapt over his head, and,, 
with his music-shell tucked under one of his arms, had 
climbed the sharpest pinnacle of rock before the fisherman 
turned round to look for him. The Mermaid's glass was 
broken when he had almost made out the third letter of 
his line. 

"Well," said Filarete, "I'll starve you out, though I 
can no more catch you up there than I can reach yonder 
mackerel sky." 

Mackerel sky ! Pescadillo stretched his legs and spread 
his arms, and gazed up at the clouds that wrote his line 
over and over again on shadowy mackerel backs far over- 
head. His eyeballs started forward ; he stood on the tips 
of his two thousand toes, and spread abroad into the air 
two thousand fingers, as if they were about to clutch ; then 
read aloud with a low voice, at which the mountain quaked^ 
the third of the letters in his mystic line. 

In the same instant a thousand dishes of choice food 
smoked on the table of the mountain-top. Close to the 



The Magic Mackerel 299 



i,...,„.„„...... 

I meat he liked best, in a shining dish. Filarete's favourite 
;j dish came also to his hand. "Now let us breakfast," said 
' the Mackerel. Filarete was already breakfasting. Fish 
^ and fisherman stood where they were; the right thing 
; came always at the right time from the table to the hand 
of each. When they had both eaten enough, the break- 
fast vanished; but the fisherman said to the fish, "My 
lord, I am your servant. While you can command such, 
a table as that, I know how great and good you are, and I 
will follow you about the world." 

" I take you, man, into my service," said the gracious 
Mackerel. " Now tell me what is yonder city by the lake ? 
There is the sea behind us, and the mountain-peaks are to 
the right and left. I am not for the sea or for the moun- 
tains. I shall go down into that city — what is it ? " 

" The city, my Lord Doctor Pescadillo, is the city of 
Picon, by the Lake Picuda. It is there I sold my — may 
I say in your worshipful presence — fish. The way from 
the sea is by yonder ravine. The lake is always bubbling, 
and produces only bubbles. Little corn or fruit will grow 
on the plains, and these wild mountains, as you see, are 
barren. The people of the city live, therefore, almost 
entirely on what we poor fellows get out of the sea. They 
seldom have enough to eat ; but you will feed them. Not 
in your own worshipful person, no. Yet you run risk until 
they find out what sort of a fish you are." 

" There is a king there, I hope," said the Mackerel. 
"My lord, there are a hundred kings, each with ten 
daughters. The country, being barren, is so hard to- 
govern, that it takes a hundred kings to make anything 
of it." 

"Very good," said the Mackerel. "I will go down 
to those kings and offer marriage to their thousand 
daughters." 



I 



III 

THE LAST OF HIS LINE 



The principles upon which Doctor Pescadillo had estab- 
lished his first happy attempts to read the writing on his 



300 Fairy Gold 

back having helped him to three letters, enabled him 
thereafter to make quick and easy progress in research. 
When he and his Squire reached the landward foot of the 
mountains, they were hungry again; but the Mackerel 
had only to repeat the discovered third letter upon his 
back, and a new feast of a thousand dishes smoked upon 
the ground before them. Still, also the slightest freak of 
appetite in master and man was so well studied, that each 
had under his hand exactly what he wanted, at the moment 
when the notion of it came into his head. When they 
had eaten, being foot-weary with yesterday's race and the 
morning's scramble down the mountain's side, and, further- 
more, lazy with fulness of meat, the wayfarers lay down on 
their backs and looked up at the sky, wishing for a coach 
to come and carry them into the city. There was still 
Mackerel enough overhead to engage the attention of the 
Doctor. Was it possible that thus, when half asleep, he 
seized the true reading of two letters at once? The 
tremendous possibility caused him to leap to his feet. 
He tried one of them — the fourth of his line — and instantly 
a thousand horses, harnessed to a chariot, galloped by. 
They halted when the chariot was abreast of Mackerel 
and man. Their mouths were free ; there were no reins 
to guide them ; and it was noticeable that when any of the 
magic coursers put their heads to the dry ground and 
opened their mouths, com or hay ran up between their 
teeth, and little water springs welled up where they were 
thirsty. "The other letter," thought the Doctor, "must 
be right since this is right ; but as I get what I want by 
the thousand for each letter, and don't yet know anything 
more that I want, let me keep it by me for a little while." 

It is in common kindness to be expected that the person 
to whom this story is told should be told also what is the 
sound of the letters, that, when spoken, will produce at 
once a dinner, or an equipage on this liberal scale. But 
the letters are those of a dead language that was never 
living among ordinary men, and known only to a most 
ancient race of sorcerers, whose mouths were like the 
mouths of fishes. The last survivor of that race — a 
thousand thousand years ago — upon the day of his death 
caught a Mackerel, the only kind of fish having a mouth 
-exactly fit for the pronouncing of his language. In dark 



The Magic Mackerel 301 

letters he wrote with his finger on the fish's back a line of 
power as he died. The letters of this line, and of course 
also the line itself, only the mouth of a Mackerel can 
utter. It is for that reason that they cannot be told in 
the story. 

Pescadillo understood already a thousand tongues, 
among which tongues of horses were included. He learnt 
therefore, at once, from conversation with his stud, that 
he might trust them to do as he wished ; and by address- 
ing them all clearly in their own language before starting 
upon any journey, he afterwards knew how to save himself 
all trouble of explanation when upon the road. As they 
galloped into the city of Picon by the Lake Picuda, there 
was a commotion on the pavement, and a rush of bright 
eyes to the windows. The two eyes of a lovely Princess 
looked out of each of the ten windows of each of the 
hundred royal palaces. As horse after horse galloped by 
in the same traces, and still no coach, but still more 
harnessed horses followed, first there was a cry of joy for 
horse-riders, because clearly this was the troop of a grand 
•circus entering the town. Then, as there came by still 
horses and horses, the people cried there were too many 
horses, for the land did not yield corn to feed them, and 
•even if these riders brought so much corn with them, they 
should give it to the people, who were hungry. At last, 
when the streets were full of the horses, there appeared 
the chariot they drew, and in it was a common fisherman, 
with a small fish. " Yah ! " cried the mob. " Do you 
want all those horses," cried the kings in chorus, "to 
bring only one fish to market ? " 

The Mackerel endeavoured with his harp and song to 
still the uproar, but in vain. There was no help for it ; 
he spoke his reserved fifth letter, and cried " Silence ! " 
There fell instantly upon the town a stillness as of night 
in the great desert when no wind stirs. Not even the 
rasp of a breath or the scrape of a foot was heard, though 
men seemed to be raving, shouting, and stamping quite as 

^uch as before. Now, therefore, the wonderful music 
is to be heard, and by it a few women were soothed. 
The horses, being at rest, began to feed heartily upon 
the corn they got out of the stones on the road, and a 
ush was made to their mouths. But the wise Doctor 



I 



302 Fairy Gold 

spoke his third letter, and there appeared the thousand 
dishes of hot meat, dancing about without hands to carry 
them, and thrusting themselves, ready carved, under 
everybody's hand. While the people fed— every one 
getting the dinner he liked best — the Mackerel played 
music, and hoped within himself that the same letter by 
which he had enforced silence would have power to un- 
loose from its own spell. It had. By uttering that letter, 
the most fortunate of fishes could stop any sound at will,, 
and let it go again when he thought proper. 

A creature that could give such dinners had his own way 
entirely in the city and land of Picon. The hundred kings 
deposed themselves for love of him, declared him sole 
king, and themselves his viceroys. He changed the next 
letter he read into a thousand palaces of wonders, and in 
each there was a study, walled with looking-glass, so that 
he worked with comfort at the writing on his back. Every 
new letter he learnt to utter crowned with thousandfold 
fulfilment the wish of the hour. The thousand Princesses 
vied for his love ; but he began to see that he could not 
be happy with a thousand wives. His last letter, except 
the very last, he gave to the wish that the one thousand 
dear Princesses could be all rolled into one. 

Then there was a sight to be seen ! Royal Princesses 
tumbling out of windows and doors, rolling about the streets 
like balls, every two that came together lost in one another, 
till the thousand had all rolled together into one colossal 
damsel. Her the poor little fish was very proud to marry. 
He did not think himself small, and yet, being small, a large 
wife was entirely to his fancy. Even in common life we 
see the shrimps of men marrying whales of women. This 
couple was married in great state — the fisherman being 
groomsman to the Mackerel, and all her hundred fathers 
standing by to give away the bride. 

The wedding ball was so magnificent beyond belief that 
King Pescadillo, in his brilliant court, surrounded by his 
hundred kingly fathers-in-law, could not help thinking of 
the old days under water, where so much was thought of 
the Shark's ball, and when the friends of his youth laughed 
at him for staying at home to learn his letters. As he 
thought this, he looked at himself in the great mirrors on 
the wall. There was the one last letter nearest to his legs. 



¥ 



i 



The Magic Mackerel 303 

His flush of triumph so quickened his wit that he could 
read it at a glance, and whispered it unconsciously while 
he was wishing my Lord Shark were there to see what a 
state ball Lord Mackerel was giving. He looked up, and 
saw the ball-room walled with glass, behind which were a 
thousand sharks in sea-water glaring upon the company, 
he company was in extreme delight at this clever addition 

its entertainment. 

Then the little Mackerel's heart beat with exultation. 
^'Something," he said to himself, "I know not what, is 
near. This is my wedding-day, and on this day of all 
days I have finished reading the inscription on my back, 
letter by letter. If the power of the single letters be so 
great as to fulfil wish after wish, and tempt me on till I 
learn all, now that I know all, what will be the strength of 
the whole charm ! " 

Ah, cunning sorcerer, last of your line, you fellow 
who died a thousand thousand years ago, and on your last 
day wrote upon a fish's back the word that would give you 
life again when it was spoken, you had reason for being 
liberal in your rewards to the fish that would spell out that 
word for you ! 

The Royal Pescadillo stood upon the stool before his 
throne, and spoke the letter that compelled strict silence. 
Then, with panting sides, dread at the great unknown issue 
of his adventure tempering his triumph, he gasped out the 
entire magic word; and at the word the giant sorcerer, 
with a great hairy face, of which the beard trailed behind 
his feet, entered the ball-room door. This might be right, 
thought Pescadillo, though his little knees knocked at each 
other, and the thousand fingers of each hand twitched 
nervously. The cruel sorcerer advanced to the poor little 
fish, seized him, and thrust him into his great mouth as 
the first morsel to be eaten in his second course of life. 

The first and last. He should not have been cruel. 
With his two thousand little fingers Pescadillo fastened to 
the hair about the monster's lip, and as he hung there he 
dug with his two thousand little toes into the monster's 
throat, so that he could not bite ; he could do nothing 
but cough and choke. And the wise Mackerel held tight. 
He would not be coughed up, though he was almost blown 
if his legs by the tremendous coughing. All the company 



304 Fairy Gold 

had run away ; nobody had stayed to see how the brave 
little Mackerel fought out his battle in the sorcerer's 
mouth, till the great wretch, in a fit of choking, tipped over 
his own beard, reeled heavily against the glass walls, and 
broke through into the tank where all the Sharks were 
swimming. 

The Sharks soon finished the battle, and with a large 
sorcerer to eat had no eyes for the little morsel of a 
Mackerel, who seized his opportunity to slip away, and ran 
back with the stream of water to the sea from which it had 
been raised by magic channels. 

And so Mackerel got safely home again. In all his 
life he never read another line, and he warned all his 
relations to get through their lives as merrily as they were 
able, without ever inquiring what they carried on their 
backs. " Not for thousands," he said, "would he himself 
have been so curious had he known everything when he 
began his studies ! " 




WILL O' THE WISP 

GET you home, you merry lads : 
Tell your mammies and your dads,. 
And all those that news desire. 
How you saw a walking fire. 
Babes as soon as they can lisp, 
Used to call me Will-y-wisp. 
If that you but weary be. 
It is sport alone for me. 
Away : unto your houses go, 
And I'll go laughing. Ho, ho, ho ! 



HIMPEN HAMPEN 

{Robin Goodfellow Goes) 

Because thou layest me himpen hampen 
I will neither bolt nor stampen : 
'Tis not your garments, new or old. 
That Robin loves : I feel no cold. 
Had you left me milk or cream. 
You should have had a pleasing dream i 
Because you left no drop or crumb, 
Robin never more will come. 



305 



EDINBURGH 

■COLSTON AND COY., LTD. 

PRINTERS 



7A65 



