FAIRY TALES. 

BV 

MARK LEMON. 

WuVi ujfaarts of jfiftu |llstratioiis 

RICHARD DOYLE 
CHARLES H. BENNETT. 




LONDON : 
BRADBURY, EVANS, & CO., ii, BOUVERIE STREET. 



2.i-p. e. i^. 



CONTENTS. 



PAGE 

THE CHRONICLES OF THE THREE SISTERS (FROM 
THE GERMAN). ILLUSTRATED BY CHARLES H. 
BENNETT I 

THE ENCHANTED DOLL. ILLUSTRATED BY RICHARD 

DOYLE lOI 



LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS. 



The Chronicles of the Three Sisters. 



ILLUSTRATED TITLE I 

INITIAL LETTER I 

** HE SEES A MONSTROUS BEAR STALKING TOWARDS 

him" 4 

HE FOUND A HUNDRED - WEIGHT OF GOLD, ALL 

IN. doubloons" lO 

** SEIZED THE BARON's SHOULDER WITH ONE POWER- 



(( 



FUL talon, and WITH THE OTHER CRUSHED 
THE UNFORTUNATE FALCON TO DEATH" . . 12 

** SHE CROUCHED BEHIND A CLUMP OF SWEET-BRIARS " l6 



VI 



LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS, 



The Chronicles of the Three Sisters. 

**HE DISCOVERED TWO GOLDEN EGGS " 



PAGE 

i8 



t( 



ROLLING THEM GENTLY ON BEFORE HIM TOWARDS 

THE castle" 19 

** PRESUMPTUOUS MAN ! WHAT ART THOU DOING 

HERE?" 24 

"THE KNIGHT THEN RECEIVED THE CUP" . . . 29 

** STOOD THREE NEW SACKS " 30 



MERCHANTS WHO CROWDED TO TREAT FOR THE 
COSTLY PEARLf;" 

TAILPIECE 

INITIAL LETTER . 

**SHE CLAD HERSELF IN A PILGRIM'S HABIT " . 

** NURSING A LITTLE SHAPELESS CUB IN HER LAP, 
WHILE A FULL-GROWN BEAR SPORTED AROUND 



32 
34 
35 

37 



HER 



 



"LEAVE ME, I DESIRE, OR DREAD MY ANGER" 



(( 



LOOKING RUEFULLY TOWARDS HER 



 



"SHE GATHERED SOME BERRIES AND ACORNS " 



i( 



THREE bear's BRISTLES, AND PRESENTED THEM" 

"A SILKEN ROPE-LADDER DESCENDED" 

"THREE eagle's PLUMES " 

"SHE OVERTURNED THE CHOCOLATE IN AFFRIGHT" 

"GAZING ALL THE WHILE IN SILENT ADMIRATION 
WITH HIS W^IDE SEA-GREEN EYES UPON HIS 
BEAUTEOUS WIFE" 70 



40 
44 
50 
51 

55 
58 
62 

67 



LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS, vii 



The Chronicles of the Three Sisters. p^^s 

"embarking in a gilded barge, was rowed to 

land" 75 

tailpiece 76 

initial letter 77 

"near the portal was feeding a black 

bull" 79 

"when instantly THERE CAME TROTTING ALONG 

a powerful bear, which began a fierce 

contest with the bull" 81 

"a mighty eagle appeared" 82 

"a large fish appeared above the waves*' . . 83 

the enchanted key 84 

"and after an hour's flight high above the 

clouds" 92 

tailpiece 100 

The Enchanted Doll. 

ILLUSTRATED TITLE IO3 

INITIAL LETTER I03 

"MUSHROOM throne" IO4 

"ALL GAILY DRESSED AND MARCHING" . . .113 

INITIAL LETTER I20 

"HAMMERING AWAY" 121 



Vlll 



LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS. 



The Enchantdd Doll. 

**AND SAW A SWARM OF LITTLE FAIRIES BUSILY 
ENGAGED IN SHAPING A LARGE BLOCK OF EBONY 
INTO THE RUDE FORM OF A DOLL" 

*THE BLACK DOLL" 

*HE SAT IN THE STOCKS" 

INITIAL LETTER .... 

*HE WAS JEERED AND LAUGHED AT " 

* LADIES IN A BEAR GARDEN?" . . . . . 
*THE BEAR AND THE DOGS " 

* SCRATCHED THE FACE OF THE DUKE'S GENTLEMAN " 

'arranging her pretty curls" . . . . 

* under the mistletoe" 

* pretty dorothy has nodded to him" . . . 



PAGE 



INITIAL LETTER 

*AS HE DREW NEAR TO THE STILE HE SAW " 

*A MYRIAD OF ARROWS" .... 

* JACOB ROARED WITH PAIN " 

'SURROUNDED BY MYRIADS OF BATS " 

*HE IS TO MARRY PRETTY DOROTHY KERSEY " 

TAILPIECE  GOG AND MAGOG 



133 
137 

139 
140 

142 

146 

146 

149 

158 

161 

162 

164 

168 

170 

170 

173 
182 

189 



rnaMrM^*MMrii< 



CHRONICLES 

I i 

! OF I 

I r 

I 



THE THREE SISTERS. 



I xxx^ XXXX.X.X. OXOX..XVO. I 



^^^ 


^^m 


^Ei 


^^^S^l 


illustcatct 


By C. H. BENNETT. 



J^^^^^ 


^^ 


JUMttatrt 
By C. H. BENNETT. 



Book the 
First. 



HOW THE RUINED BARON BARTKKS AWAY HIS 
THREE DAUGHTERS, WULFILDA, ADELHEID, 
AND BERTHA. 

I HERE was a rich and 
noble Baron who squan- 
dered away his money 
and estates, his goods 
and chattels ; he lived 
like a prince, kept open 
house every day and all day long. Whoever pre- 
sented himself, whether knight or squire of high 




THE CHRONICLES OF 



or low degree, was feasted and entertained for 
three successive days, and all his guests were 
sure to go contented away. His court swarmed 
with comely and high-born pages, besides foot- 
men and attendants in gorgeous liveries ; his 
stables were filled with choice horses, and his 
kennels with well-bred hounds. All this extra- 
vagance consumed his treasures. He mortgaged 
town after town, sold his jewels and plate, and 
at last turned away his servants and shot his 
dogs. Of all his property and wealth there 
remained only a virtuous wife, three beautiful 
daughters, and an old castle, situated close by 
a forest. To this castle he retired, forsaken by 
all the world. The Baroness, with the help of 
her three daughters, was obliged to attend to all 
the household matters, and a sad mess was 
made of them. The Baron was dissatisfied with 



THE THREE SISTERS, 



his plain and wholesome fare ; he grew peevish 
and fretful. One fine summer's morning, in a fit 
of spleen, he took up his hunting-spear and set out 
for the wood, in hopes of killing a fallow deer, and 
procuring for himself a more savoury meal. This 
forest had long had the repute of being enchanted ; 
many a traveller was known to have been, bewil- 
dered in it, and some had never returned, having 
either been strangled by malignant gnomes, or 
torn in pieces by wild beasts. The Baron had 
no faith in the invisible powers ; he went on 
boldly, crossing hill and dale, and forcing his 
way through bushes and thickets, but could start 
no game. Finding himself weary he sat down 
under a spacious oak, took a slice or two of 
bread and a little salt out of his pocket, with the 
intention of eating his dinner. Before he began 
he chanced to lift up his eyes, when behold 

B 2 



THE CHRONICLES OF 




he saw a monstrous bear stalking towards him. 
The Baron shuddered at the sight ; he could not 
fly, and he was not pre- 
pared with weapons for 
bear - hunting. In his 



distress he took his 
hunting-spear in his 
hand, and set him- 
self in a position of 
defence. The mon- 
ster advanced still 

He sees a monslrggs bear 

nearer; but at last 
stopped short, and growled out intelligibly the 
following salutation :  

"So you are plundering my honey-tree, auda- 




THE THREE S/STERS. 5 



cious fobber ; but be assured thy life shall pay for 
thy insolence ! " 

" i have no intention of stealing your honey," 
answered the Baron ; " I am no thief, but a true 
and honourable knight. If your appetite is keen, 
share my meal, I pray you, and be my guest to- 
day." 

But the beast disdained the Baron's fare, and 
growled again in great wrath : " Do not think to 
redeem thy life at so poor a purchase ; but promise 
me thy eldest daughter, Wulfilda, to wife this 
instant, else I will eat you up." 

The Baron, in the anguish of his distress, would 
have promised the bear his three daughters, with 
his wife into the bargain, so great was his terror, 
had the brute desired them. 

** She shall be yours," replied the hunter, begin- 
ning to recover himself; "but only on condition 



THE CHRONICLES OF 



that you ransom and fetch her home accord- 
ing to the country custom." 

" A bargain ! Give me your hand," replied the 
bear, and held out his shaggy paw. " In seven days 
I will ransom and carry home my spouse. The 
sum shall be a hundred pounds weight of gold." 

" Agreed, with all my heart," returned the Baron. 

They then separated in peace, the bear stalking 
back to his den, and the Baron, hastening out of 
the terrible wood, made the best of his way to 
his castle, where he arrived at starlight, weary and 
out of spirits. 

A bear capable of speaking and acting reasonably 
can never be a natural bear, but must needs be 
enchanted. And the Baron, thinking to outwit his 
shaggy son-in-law, determined to fortify himself so 
strongly in his castle, that the bear would not be 
able to get in when he came at the appointed time 



THE THREE SISTERS. 



to fetch his bride. " Although," said he to himself, 
" an enchanted bear may have the faculty of reason- 
ing and speaking, he is nevertheless a bear, and 
must have all the qualities of a natural bear, and 
must therefore be a very undesirable son-in-law." 

Next day, when the Baron related the adventure 
in the wood to the Baroness and his daughters, 
Wulfilda fainted away in horror, as soon as she 
heard she was to be married to a frightful bear ; 
the mother wrung her hands ; and the sisters sobbed 
and wept from fear and sympathy. The Baron, 
however, went out and surveyed the* castle walls 
and moat, tried the locks and bolts of the iron 
door, let down the portcullis, and raised the draw- 
bridge. He. then mounted to the watch-tower, 

 

where he found a secret room under the roof; here 
he shut up his daughter, who tore her golden hair, 
and almost wept out her azure eyes. 



8 THE CHRONICLES OF 

Six days had passed, and the seventh was 
dawning, when a loud noise was heard in the 
direction of the wood, as though an army of 
savages had been approaching with their war 
whoops. The whips cracked, the horns blew, the 
horses pranced, the wheels rattled. A sumptuous 
stage coach, surrounded by horse-guards, rolled 
forwards across the lawn towards the castle. All 
the bolts started back, the gate flew open, the 
drawbridge fell, and a young prince, fair as the 
day, stepped out of the coach. He was clad in 
velvet and satin, round his neck he wore a triple 
chain of gold, his hat was bound with a string of 
pearls and dazzling diamonds, and the button that 
fixed the plume was worth a dukedom.. He hurried 
up the winding staircase, and in a moment the 
affrighted bride was seen trembling in his arms. 
The noise aroused the Baron ; he opened the 



THE THREE SISTERS. 



window of his chamber, and saw horses and 
chariots, knights and horsemen, in the court, and 
his daughter in the arms of a stranger, who was 
lifting her into the coach. As the train passed out 
through the castle gate a pang pierced his heart, 
and he set up a loud lamentation. "Adieu, my 
daughter, dear ! Farewell, thou Bruin's bride ! " 

The Baron and Baroness were overpowered at 
the loss of their daughter ; they looked ruefully at 
each other without speaking. The Baroness would 
not believe her eyes, and concluded that the carry- 
ing away was an unaccountable illusion. She 
seized the key that opened the secret chamber, 
but found neither her daughter nor any of her 
wardrobe. But there lay on the table a silver key, 
which she took up, and then looking through a 
lancet window, she saw a cloud of dust arise 
towards the east, and heard the tumult and shout- 



lo THE CHRONICLES OF 

ing of the bridal party until they entered the 
forest. The Baroness then descended in sorrow 
from the tower, put on mourning apparel, and 
wept three live-long days in concert with her 




" He found a hundred ueigtat of gold, all in doubloons. 

husband and remaining daughters. On the fourth 
day the Baron quitted the mourning chamber to 
breathe a little fresh air, when behold, as he passed 
through the court, he perceived a strong box of 
ebony, locked, and very heavy to lift. He readily 



THE THREE SISTERS. ii 

guessed the contents ; instinctively putting his hand 
into his pocket he was surprised to find a key 
which turned the lock, when to his further amaze- 
ment he found a hundred-weight of gold, all in 
doubloons, and of one coinage. In his joy at this 
accession to wealth he forgot his sorrow, and in a 
few days bought horses and falcons, also fine 
clothes for his wife and daughters, hired servants, 
and began to renew his old course of riotous 
carousals, and which he continued till the last 
doubloon had made itself wings and flown out of 
the strong box. He then ran into debt, and when 
he had exhausted the patience of his creditors, the 
sheriffs seized upon the castle and sold every- 
thing the Baron possessed, except a few domestic 
articles and an old hawk. The Baroness and her 
daughters again took charge of the kitchen, while 
the Baron traversed the fields day after day with 



12 THE CHRONICLES OF 



his hawk on his hand, glad to escape the dis- 
comforts of his house. 

One day he loosed his hawk : and the bird rose 
high in the air, nor would it return to its master's 
hand, although he called it back The Baron 
followed it in its flight as far as he could over the 
spacious plain. The bird flew towards the en- 
chanted wood, which the Baron was afraid to 
enter, and so gave up his old hawk for lost On 
a sudden a mighty eagle arose from out of the 
wood and pursued the hawk, which was no sooner 

I 

aware of a superior enemy than it turned back to its 
master for protection. But the eagle darted down 
like an arrow, seized the Baron*s shoulder with one 
powerful talon, and with the other crushed the 
unfortunate falcon to death. The affrighted Baron 
tried to beat off" the enraged monster with his 
spear, and struck and thrust hard at the enemy. 



THE THREE SISTERS. 



13 



But the eagle seized the weapon, broke it like a 
slender reed in two, and then screamed these words 
aloud into the Baron's ear :  

"How darest thou, bold intruder, disturb my 
range of air with thy sport ? Thou shalt pay for 
the outrage with thy life ! " 



u 



Gently, good Eagle, gently, I pray you ; do 



not squeeze my shoulder so hard. What have I 
done to you ? My hawk has suffered the punish- 
ment of his rashness ; satisfy your appetite." 

" No, no ! " rejoined the Eagle ; " to-day I have 
a longing for human flesh, and thou seemest a fat 
and dainty morsel." 



"Ah! spare me!" cried the Baron, in distress. 
" Oh ! spare me, I pray thee I Ask what you will 
of me, and your demand shall be satisfied, only 
spare my life ! " 

" Good ! " resumed the Bird ; " I will take thee 



14 THE CHRONICLES OF 



at thy word. Thou hast two fair daughters, and I 
need a wife ; promise me Adelheid, and I will let 
thee go in peace. Her ransom shall be two lumps 
of gold, each one hundred pounds weight. In 
seven weeks I will fetch my bride home." 

Having said this, he mounted aloft, and disap- 
peared amongst the clouds. 

In the hour of distress most things lose their 
value, and when the father saw the sale of his 
daughters brought such ample profit, he became 
content with this singular disposal of his children. 
He returned quite cheerful to the castle, but took 
no notice of the adventure, partly to save himself 
the reproaches of his wife, and partly lest he should 
make his daughter unhappy before the time of the 
eagle's coming. 

Adelheid was the best spinster in the county ; 
she was, also, a skilful weaver, and had just then 



^*vwn^>apWP'Wi 



THE THREE SISTERS. 15 



taken from the loom a piece of costly linen, as fine . 
as the finest muslin, and had spread it to bleach 
on a green grass plat near the castle. Six weeks 
and SIX days had passed before the fair spinster 
had any apprehension of her fate ; though her 
father, who grew somewhat sad at this period, 
would often relate dreams that renewed the 
memory of Wulfilda, who at times was quite for- 
gotten. Adelheid had a light and cheerful dis- 
position, and she imagined that parental love 
produced these gloomy fancies in her father. 
She tripped nimbly, therefore, to her bleaching- 
ground, on the day appointed for the arrival of 
the eagle, and spread out her linen, that it might 
receive the morning dew. 

When she had arranged her bleaching-piece, and 
was looking around her, she saw a gallant train of 
knights and squires approaching. As she had not 



THE CHRONICLES OF 



yet dressed her hair, she crouched behind a clump 
of sweet-briars, which was now in full bloom, just 




raisii^ her head, so as to see the stately cavalcade. 

The finest knight among them, a slender young 
man, with his visor up, sprung from his horse, and, 
coming towards the bushes, said in a gentle tone,  

" I come to claim thee, my love ! Ah ! do not 



THE THREE SISTERS. 



17 



hide thyself; mount up behind me, thou fair 
Eagle's bride ! " 

^ Adelheid felt very strange as she heard this 
address. The handsome knight pleased her well, 
but the words " Eagle's bride " chilled the blood in 
her veins. She sank down fainting on the grass, 

r 

and on recovering .found herself in the arms 

V 

\ 

of the youthful knight, and on the road to the 
enchanted wood. 

Meanwhile the Baroness, who was keeping break- 
fast, missed Adelheid, and sent her youngest 
daughter to see where she lingered. But, as she 
also did not return, the mother, fearing something 
amiss, went herself to see why her daughter stayed 
so long. The Baroness went out, and came not 
back. The Baron perceived what had happened ; 
his heart beat quickly in his bosom as he walked 
towards the bleachfield, where the mother and 



i8 



THE CHRONICLES OF 




daughter were still seeking Adelheid, and piteously 

calling her by name. He joined the cry, though he 
knew well search 
and vociferation 
were equally use- 
less. He chanced 
to pass by the 
clump of sweet- 
briars, and per- 
ceived something 

glitter. Upon closer examination, he discovered 

two golden eggs, each weighing an hundred 

pounds. 

He could not conceal his joy but communicated 

the adventure to the mother, who exclaimed,  
" Thou unnatural monster ! thou murderer, and 

not father ! canst thou then sacrifice thy own 

flesh and blood for filthy gain .' " 



H=discovtrtdl*ogoldtn( 



THE THREE SISTERS. 



The Baron, at other times but a poor orator, now 
made an able defence, pleading in excuse the 
imminent danger that threatened his life. But the 
inconsolable mother still uttered the bitterest re- 
proaches, and the Baron, therefore, had recourse to 
his invariable practice in all conjugal altercations, 
and observed a profound silence, suf- 
fering the lady to proceed until she 
was tired. Meanwhile he made sure 
of the brace of eggs, rolimg them 




m g;cDt]y on before bim 



20 THE CHRONICLES OF 



gently on before him towards the castle. He 
then, for the sake of appearances, mourned with 
hi3 faniily. for three days, being all the while* only 
intent upon renewing his former course of life. 

The castle soon became, once more, the 
scene of profuse revelry, and the rendiezyoiis of 
gluttons and drunkards. Balls, tournaments^ and 
sumptuous feasts, had each their turn from daty to 
day. The younger daughter. Bertha, shone like 
a bright particular star in her father's court. It 
was she who distributed the prizes in the encounters 
of the knights, and opened the dance every evening 
with the victor. 

The Baron's hospitality and Bertha's beauty at- 
tracted the most distinguished knights, and many 
strove to captivate the heart of the fair heiress ; 
but among so many wooers it was hard to decide, 
and hence the beautiful Bertha was so long in 



THE THREE SISTERS. 21 

making a choice, that the golden eggs (for. the 
Baron had. never spared the file arid the melting.- 
pot) ,were brought, down to. the size of hazel-huts; 
The. Bafon'3 finances soon. dwindled away, and his 
affairs^ fell into their.former, perplexity ; the tourna- 
irient^. were <discohtinued, fhe knights and squires 
gr^dtially ^dispersed, the Castle again assumed the 
appearance of a hernfiitage, and the reduced 
household* were once more put on pptato diet and 
skim milk. . , 

The Baron again ranged the fields in ill humour> 
wishing Jieartily for a new adventure, but met with 
none, fpr .he was afraid to enter the enchanted 

forest. 

One day, however, he pursued a covey of part- 
ridges close to the side of the forest, and though he 
durst not venture in, he followed the skirt of the 
wood for some distance, and at last came to a 



22 THE CHRONICLES OF 

great pond, connected with a running stream, and 
which he had never seen before. Within the 
crystal water he perceived trouts innumerable, and 
congratulated himself highly on the discovery. 
The pond had a perfectly unsuspicious aspect, 
so he hied him home, mended one of his old 
nets, and the next morning went to the pool side 
with an intention of making a cast. He luckily 
found a little boat among the reeds, into which 
he leaped and rowed himself into the middle of 
the water, and threw his net. The first cast he 
caught more trouts than he could carry, and he 
rowed back to the shore well pleased with his 
success. 

About a stone's throw from the water's edge the 
boat was suddenly checked, and then became im- 
movable, as though it were aground. The Baron, 
imagining that he was upon a shallow, laboured 



THE THREE SISTERS. 23 

with all his might to get the boat afloat again, but 
it was all to no purpose. The water at length 
began to run over on all sides, and yet the boat 
appeared to rise gradually with the surface of the 
pool, which now expanded itself into a large 
lake; the waves began to curl and foam, and 
the affrighted Baron perceived that he and his 
boat were resting upon the back of a monstrous 
fish. After a while the fish suddenly plunged 
downwards, leaving the boat floating, and then 
again almost instantly appeared on the surface, 
opening a pair of tremendous jaws. As he 
seemed about to close them upon the poor 
Baron and his boat, the following words were 
heard to issue from what appeared to be a dusky 
cavern :  

" Presumptuous man I what art thou doing 
here ? Dost thou dare to murder my subjects } 



THE CHRONICLES OF 



Thy life this instant shall pay forfeit for thy 




" PresumpluouB man \ whal art ihgu 



The Baron, from his former experience in-adven~ 
tures, knew very well bythis time how he was 'to 
conduct himself upon such occasions.. He .soon. 



THE THREE SISTERS. 25 

recovered from his first surprise, and, finding the 
fish was likely to listen to. reason, replied, with 
great presence of mind,  

" I pray you, do not think of violating the laws 
of hospitality, nor grudge me a dish of fish out' of 
your pool : my kitchen and cellar are very much 
at your service, whenever you 'will do me the 
honour of a visit." '. 

''Nay, excuse me," said the monster; "we are 
not yet on such an intimate footing as your words 
imply. Art thou not acquainted with the right of 
the stronger , to eat up his weaker neighbour } 
Thou hast been stealing my. subjects with a view 
to swallow them, aiid therefore I will swallow you 
this instant!" 

The angry fisl;i here stretched his jaws still wider, 
and seemed intent on swallowing up man and boat 
at one gulp. 



^6 THE CHRONICLES OF 

"Ah! spare me! spare my life!" cried the 
Baron. " I am but a slender breakfast for you ; 
spare my life ! " 

At this exclamation the fish paused* 

'*Well, then," said he, "thou hast a daughter; 
promise to give her to me for my wife, and take 
thy life in return." 

" My daughter," replied the Baron, " is perfectly 
at your service ; there is no refusing her under the 
present circumstances. Yet you should comply 
with the custom of the country." 

"I possess neither silver nor gold," replied the 
fish ; " but there is at the bottom of this pool an 
immense store of pearl oysters ; therefore you have 

 

only to ask." 

"Very well," replied the Baron; "three bushels 
of fine pearls cannot be thought too much for a 
handsome bride." 



THE THREE SISTERS. 27 

" The pearls are thine, and the bride mine ! " 
answered the fish. ^* In seven months I will take 
my sweetheart home." 

He then lashed the water violently with his tail, 
and drove the boat on shore. 

The Baron carried his trouts home, and had 
them boiled, and enjoyed the meal with his wife 
and the beautiful Bertha, who little dreamed how 
dear it was to cost her. 

The moon went on to grow full and wane, and 
at the sixth change the Baron had nearly forgotten 
what had happened. But when she approached to 
a circle the seventh time, he remembered his bar- 
gain with the fish, and to avoid being an eye- 
witness, or rather to avoid the anger of the Baron- 
ess, he quitted the castle, and made a short journey 
into the country. 

At the sultry hour of noon, on the day of the full 



28 THE CHRONICLES OF. 

moon, a stately, tr^iil of horsemen approached the 
castlet ; Tlie surprise., pf . the- Ba.rbne^s_at. sych. a 
cavalcade was great in the Extreme; and she was 
uhdeglded whether jShe should open the gates, or 
let down the portcullis. But when a kiiight she; 
knew; well announced hiipself, she readily admitted 
him. He had often visited the, castle in the days 
pf plenty and festivity, and had entered the lists 
both in jest and earnest, receiving many a knightly 
prize^ from the fair Bertha's hand, and had opened 
many a dance with her. Since the Baron's mis- 
fortunes, however, he had disappeared with the rest 
of their friends. 

. The worthy lady expressed her regret to the 
noble^ knight and his train, that her poverty pre^ 
vented her offering them any refreshment. He, 
however, addressed her kindly, begging only a 
draught of water from the cool spring which flowed 



THE THREE SISTERS. 29 

from- 1. rock in "thd castle, for he never drank wine, 
and thence had got the name of the Water-Knight. 
The beautiful Bertha, at her mother's command, 
hastened to the spring, filled a pitcher, and drank 




" The knight then 



to the knight out of a horn cup. The knight then 
received the cup, and, setting it to his mouth at the 
place where her ruby lips had pressed it, pledged 
her with respectful homage. 
The Baroness meanwhile was much distressed 



30 


T// CHUONJCLES OF 


that she could not offer more to her guest; but 


suddenly recollecting that she had a ripe water- 


melon in 


the garden, she hurried out and brought 


back the melon, laid it upon an earthen plate, and 


garnished 


it with vine-leaves and sweet-smelling 


flowers. 


On her return from the garden, however, 


she found the court-yard silent and empty, not a 


horse or rider could she see there. In the chamber 




there was neither 


fj 


1^ J knight nor squire. 


Jk Jf i-.fo~-Ji^ ^^^ called out 


[Mt 


T,| /^^^^ "Bertha," but in 


W/ilr 


1^ \ I vain; she searched 


WM 


Tm /" y^ the whole house. 


-^-^ 


^^^^^ but no Bertha was 


'Sto 


iihtB=w,acU-- jj,g^^_ In the ante- 


chamber 


Stood three new sacks, which she had 


not seen 


in her first alarm; she felt them, and 



THE THREE SISTERS. 31, 



they seemed as if they were full of peas, but her 
affliction did not permit her to examine them more 
closely. 

She now resigned herself altogether to her dis- 
tress, and lamented aloud till evening, when her 
husband returned and found her in this melancholy 
situation. She could not conceal from him the 
adventures of the day, although she dreaded his 
reproaches for admitting a strange knight into the 
castle. But the Baron affectionately consoled her, 
and only inquired after the sacks of peas, which he 
then went out to survey, and brought one and 

* 

opened it before her. How great was the amaze- 
ment of the afflicted Baroness at seeing pearls, and 
nothing but pearls, as large as garden-peas, per- 
fectly round, skilfully bored, and of the first water. 
She perceived clearly that the lover of her daughter 
had paid a pearl for every maternal tear which she 



32 



THE CHRONICLES OF 



had shed, and hence she drew a very favourable 
conclusion as to his wealth and station, consoling 
herself with the reflection that this son-in-law was 
no monster, but a courteous knight ; a soothing 
idea, of which the Baron was careful not to 
"bereave her. 




The parents had now, indeed, lost all their beau- 
tiful daughters, but they were in possession of 
inexhaustible treasures. The Baron soon tamed 
part of them into current coin ; from morning till 
night the castle swarmed with merchants who 
crowded to treat for the costly pearls. The Baron 



THE THREE SISTERS, 33 

redeemed his lands, re-established his court, and 
lived no more as a spendthrift, but as a careful 
economist, for he had now no other daughter to 
barter for the means to supply his extrava- 
gance. The Baroness, however, could never be 
comforted for the loss of her daughters ; she 
constantly wore mourning, and seemed always 
dejected. She hoped for some time that Bertha 
with the Pearl Knight would return, and when- 
ever a stranger was announced she gave way 
to the hope that it was her son-in-law. The 
Baron at last could not continue to deceive her 
with false hopes, and he disclosed to her that this 
illustrious son-inJaw was no other than a mon- 
strous fish. 

" Alas ! " sighed the Baroness, " what a miserable 
mother I am. Have I borne children only that 
they might become the prey of frightful monsters I 

D 



T 



-^- *  1_ ' " \ ""^ "~.'*_>' " ~ 






rr .anr vcaJ^to 



i; maii*s*. njccutsr 



.J rtfeCTAIO^y ii 



-^ajkt >r.=fcm cmci ,:::foaE?ouiC. 






r^'ttijii. UL'jiv jii%^ nr,:)*^^^ 



^w^C^^^^^JUJJJ^^ 



JJttaTX. 




h. 



THE THREE SISTERS. 35 

Book the 
Second. 

HOW THE LADY OF THE BARON HAS A SON, 
WHO IS NAMED RINALDO, THE SON OF 
WONDER. HIS ADVENTURES BEGIN. 




LL the maidens in waiting and about 
the court were much affected by 
the sorrow of their lady ; they wept 
and lamented along with her, and 
at times tried to divert her with music and 
silking, but her heart was dead to enjoyment. 
The damsel to whose care her private chamber 
was committed was distinguished above her fel- 



36 THE CHRONICLES OF 



}ows for sense and sedateness. Her mistress 
entertained for her a great regard, for she 
had a sympathising heart, and her lady*s sor- 
row had drawn many a tear from her eyes. 
That she might not appear intrusive she had 
hitherto kept silence, but could no longer resist the 
internal impulse to propose her advice also. 

^' Gracious lady," she began, " would you but 
listen to me, I could suggest to you the means of 
obtaining consolation." 

The Baroness desired her to say on. 

^' Not far, then," she resumed, " from your resi- 
dence there dwells a pious hermit in a gloomy 
cavern of the rock ; many a pilgrim has recourse to 
him in his necessity. Suppose you also were to seek 
consolation and assistance from the holy man : his 
prayers will at least restore peace to your bosom." 

The Baroness was pleased with the proposal ; 



THE THREE SISTERS. 



37 



she clad herself in a pilgrim's habit, 
walked to the pious hermit, 
opened to him her distress, 
presented a rosary of pearls 
and begged his 
blessit^, which 
was so efficacious, 
that before a year 
had passed away 
the Baroness was 
relieved of her 
sorrow and afflic- 
tion by the birth 

She clad herselfiii a pilgrim's habil." 

of a fine boy. 

Great was the joy of the parents at the arrival 
of this fair fruit of the autumn of their old age. 
The whole barony was converted into a scene 
of exultation, rejoicings, and jubilee, for the birth 




38 THE CHRONICLES OF 



of an heir. The father named him Rinaldo, 
the Son of Wonder. 

The boy was beautiful as love himself, and his 
education was conducted with great care. He 
grew up the joy of his father and the consolation 
of his mother, who guarded him as the apple of 
her eye. Though he was the darling of her heart, 
she did not lose the memory of her daughters : 
often as she pressed the little smiling Rinaldo in 
her arms, a tear would drop upon his cheek, and 
when the dear boy grew older he would sorrowfully 
ask, " My good mother, why do you weep ? " 

Though she carefully suppressed the occasion of 
her secret sorrow, Rinaldo at last, by a thousand 
coaxing arts, wound the secret from his mother. 
She told him the adventures of his three sisters, 
and he laid up every syllable of the wonderful 
story in his heart. He felt no other wish but to be 




of an age to carry arms^ that he might sally forth, 
seek his sisters in the enchanted forest, and break 
the spell that held them there. 

As soon as he was dubbed knight he asked his 
father's permission to make a campaign, as he pre- 
tended, to Flahders. The Baron was rejoiced at 
the knightly courage of his son, furnished him with 
armour and horses, squires and servants to carry 
his baggage, and dismissed him with his blessing, 
notwithstanding the mother's unwillingness to con- 
sent to his departure. 

Scarce had the young knight turned his back 
upon his native place when he quitted the high 
road, and full of chivalric courage made his way to 
the castle near the wood, where he was honourably 
entertained by his father's vassal. Early in the 
morning, when everything in the castle was sunk 
in deep sleep, he saddled his horse, left his train 



40 THE CHRONICLES OF 



behind, and galloped to the enchanted forest The 
deeper he penetrated into it the thicker it became, 
and the stony road re-echoed to his horse's hoofs. 
All around him was waste and wild : the trees 
seemed, by growing close to one another, to. oppose 
the passage of the young adventurer. He dis- 
mounted, and leaving his horse to graze, cut a 
road through the forest with his sword, climbed up 
precipices, and slided down chasms. After much 
toil he arrived at a valley watered by a crystal 
brook ; following the windings of the stream he 
saw at a distance the entrance to a subterraneous 
cavern, in the front of which laid something that 
had the appearance of a human figure. The un- 
daunted youth at the sight quickened his steps, 
and, peeping between the lofty oaks, perceived a 
beautiful lady sitting on the grass nursing a little 
shapeless cub in her lap, while a full-grown 



THE THREE SISTERS. 41 



Bear sported around her, sometimes standing on 
his hind-legs, dancing and tumbling, by which the 
lady seemed highly amused, until, being ignorant 
of the proximity of the stranger, the Bear went 
his way. 

Rinaldo knew, from his mother's description, 
that the lady was his sister Wulfilda, and he came 
from his lurking-place in order to make himself 
known to her. But as soon as she was aware of 
his presence she gave a loud shriek, threw the 
young bear into the grass, moved hastily forward 
towards Rinaldo as he approached, and cried out 
in a sorrowful voice, and with apparent anxiety :  

"What ill-fated star leads thee into this wood, 
O noble youth ? Here dwells a wild Bear, who 
devours every human creature that approaches his 
den. Fly, and save thyself! " 

He bowed respectfully before the beautiful 



^ikMM^ta* 



42 THE CHRONICLES OF 

speaker, and answered : " Be not afraid, dear lady. 
I know this forest and all its dangers, and am come 
hither to rescue you from the spell which holds you 
in captivity." 

"And who art thou," she asked, "who darest 
adventure to break this mighty spell, and how 
canst thou accomplish it 1 " 

"With this arm and by this sword. I am 
Rinaldo, surnamed the * Son of Wonder * ; my 
father is the Baron whom this wood has robbed of 
three fair daughters. Art not thou Wulfilda, his 
first-born?" 

This speech amazed the lady still more, and she 
regarded her brother with silent admiration. He 
made use of this pause to identify himself by so 
many family particulars, that she could no longer 
doubt that Rinaldo was her brother. She em- 
braced him tenderly, but her knees trembled on 



THE THREE SISTERS, 



43 



account of the imminent danger that threatened 
his life. She conducted him into the cavern, and 
pointed out an inner cavern where he could conceal 
himself. In the outer cave lay a heap of moss, 
which served the bear and his cub to lie upon ; 
opposite stood a sumptuous bed, with hangings of 
red damask for the lady. 

Scarcely had the adventurous Rinaldo got into 
his place of refuge when the dreadful bear came 
growling into the cavern, and snuffed all round 
with his snout. He had winded the noble steed 
belonging to the knight, and just devoured him. 
Wulfilda sat upon her state bed as uneasy as if 
she had been upon burning coals. Her heart was 
oppressed and faint, for she perceived that her 
bearish lord and master was in a bad humour, 

probably being aware of the stranger in his den. 

She did not cease caressing him, she stroked his 



THE CHRONICLES OF 



back gently down, and rubbed his ears with her 
velvet hand ; but the intractable Bear paid small 
attention to her c 




" I smell human flesh," murmured the ravenous 
creature from his capacious throat. 

" My dear Bear," replied the lady, " thou 
art mistaken ; how is it possible that a human 
being would venture into this dreary desert ? " 



THE THREE SISTERS. 45 

" I scent human flesh," repeated the Bear, and 
peeped about the bed of his spouse. 

The young knight, who overheard what was 
said, felt a cold sweat, in spite of his courage, 
break out on his forehead. Her brother's danger, 
however, made the lady bold and resolute. 

"Dear Bear," said she, "you begin to grow 
troublesome, and I beg of you to leave me. Leave 
me, I desire, or dread my anger ! " 

The Bear, however, disregarded her threat, and 
went on snuffing about the hangings of the bed. 
Nevertheless, Bear as he was, he was still under 
subjection to his wife ; and at last Wulfilda took 
courage, and gave him such a thrust in the loins 
that he crept away with great humility to his 
straw, and lying down, began, after the manner of 
his kind, to suck his paws and lick his cub, growl- 
ing all the time. Soon after he fell asleep, and 



^1 <** ! iiMfiW(i<i > 11  - I I . i^a^aaiifcii 



46 THE CHRONICLES OF 

snored as only a bear can snore. Hearing this, 
the tender sister refreshed her brother with a cup 
of clear water and some fruit, desiring him to be 
of good cheer, for now the chief danger was oven 

Rinaldo was so weary from his adventure, that 
he fell into a deep sleep, and snored as loud as if 
he had been snoring with his brother-in-law for a 
wager. On awaking next morning, he found 
himself in a gorgeous bed of state ; his chamber 
was hung with silken tapestry; near the bed lay 
his clothes and armour; and on a stool, covered 
with velvet, there was a silver bell to summon the 
servants. Rinaldo had no idea how he had been 
translated out of a dreary cavern into a sump- 
tuous palace, and was in doubt whether he 
was now dreaming, or had dreamed before of 
the adventure in the wood. To solve the diffi- 
culty he rung the bell. A servant in splendid 



THE THREE SISTERS, 



47 






livery came to inquire what he would please to 
have, and mentioned that his sister Wulfilda, and 
Albert the Bear, were expecting him with im- 
patience. 

The young Baron was more and more over- 
whelmed with astonishment, and, dressing himself 
quickly, he went into the antechamber, where he 
found noble pages, valets, and livery servants in 
waiting, and then proceeded, through a series of 
state chambers, to the audience-room, where his 
sister received him with the dignity of a princess. 
She had beside her a noble-looking youth, about 
seventeen years old, and a charming girl, some 
year or so younger. A moment afterwards came 
in Albert the Bear, who had now cast off his fright- 
ful shaggy appearance, as well as the attributes of 
a bear, and assumed the form of the most amiable 
prince in the world. Wulfilda presented her 



48 THE CHRONICLES OF 



brother, and Albert embraced his relation with all 
the warmth of friendship and brotherly love. 
Wulfilda then informed her brother that the prince 
her husband, with all his subjects, had been en- 
chanted for so many days by the malicious sorcerer 
of the wood. Once every week, from the dawn of 
one day to the next, he was released from his en- 
chantment ; but as soon as the silver stars in the 
firmament began to fade, the castle then changed 
into a craggy rock, the charming park around into 
a dreary desert, the springs and cascades into 
stagnant unwholesome pools, the prince himself 
into a shaggy bear, the knights and squires into 
badgers and polecats, whilst the maids of honour 
took the shape of owls and bats, moaning and 
shrieking all the day long. 

It v/as on a day of disenchantment, and not, as 
it happens in common life, of enchantment, that 



THE THREE SISTERS. 49 



Albert carried home his bride. The fair Wulfilda, 
who had for six days wept over her fate in being 
married to a shaggy bear, laid aside her sorrows at 
finding herself, on the seventh, wife of a handsome 
and youthful prince, who embraced her with much 
affection, and led her into a glorious palace, where 
a splendid bridal procession awaited her. She was 
received by beautiful damsels, crowned with gar- 
lands of myrtle, singing and playing, and clad in 
splendid robes. Though she was far from vain, yet 
she could but feel some secret exultation. A 
sumptuous feast succeeded the marriage ceremony, 
and a ball closed the solemnities of the festive 
day, 

In the morning the bride awoke, but what was 
her surprise when she found no husband by her 
side, and, on drawing the curtain, saw herself 
transported into a dusky vault, where the day gave 



THE CHRONICLES OF 



her only light enough to perceive a frightful bear, 
looking ruefully towards her from a dark comer. 
She sunk back upon 
the bed, and swooned 
away in affright. After 
a long interval she 
came to herself, an4 
in her distress uttered 
a loud scream, which 
the shrill voices of a 
hundred owls returned 
from without The 
sympathising Bear could not endure to be a spec- 
tator of her alarm and distress, so, with a heavy 
heart, he left: his iair, and went out into the wood, 
whence he did not return till the seventh day, the 
day before his transmutation. The six intervening 
days seemed years to the unhappy lady. 




ucfully lo,-ards h 



THE THREE SISTERS. 51 

In the bridal festivity, it had been forgotten to 
provide the apartments of the bride with provi- 
sions and refreshments, for the charm' had not 
power over inanimate things immediately in con- 
tact with the fair Wulfilda, For the first two days 




Wulfilda had not cared to eat or drink ; but at 
last nature demanded support, and she went out 
in search of sustenance, as no food of any kind 
could be found in the cavern. She took a little 
water in the hollow of her hand from the brook 



52 THE CHRONICLES OF 

that murmured by, and refreshed her parched and 
burning lips. She gathered some berries and 
acorns ; she brought them into the cavern almost 
by instinct, as she longed far more ardently to 
die than to live. 

With this wish in her heart, she went to sleep on 
the sixth day, and awoke early in the morning in 
the very chamber she had entered on her bridal 
night. She found everything just as she had left 
it, and by her side the most beautiful and hand- 
some of husbands, who testified in the most 
touching manner his sorrow for her sad situation, 
to which his irresistible passion had reduced her, 
and with tears in his eyes begged for her forgive- 
ness. He explained to her the nature of the spell 
 ^how every seventh day destroyed its power, and 
restored everything to its natural form. Wulfilda 
was touched by the tenderness of her husband ; 



THE THREE SISTERS, 53 



she considered that her married lot might still be 
happy, as every seventh day was to be a bright 
one, and the happiest marriage was sure to have 
its clouds. She therefore resigned herself to her 
fate, and made her Albert the happiest Bear under 
the sun. 

The happy day of disenchantment passed but 
too rapidly. After dinner the courtiers walked 
with the ladies in the park, and amused themselves 
with sports and gallantry, till the trumpet sounded 
for supper, which was served in a gallery sur- 
rounded by mirrors, and illuminated by innu- 
merable wax-lights. The company ate, drank, and 
were merry until midnight, and then Albert whis- 
pered in his wife's ear, who thereupon took* her 
brother on one side, and, in a mournful voice, thus 
addressed him,  

" My dear brother, we must part ; the hour of 



54 THE CHRONICLES OF 

change is at hand, when this beautiful palace will 
vanish. Albert is concerned for thee ; he fears for 
thy life. He will not be able to resist the brutal 
instinct of his bearish nature, which will prompt 
him to devour thee, shouldst thou here await the 
approaching change. Leave, then, this dreadful 
forest, and never more return to us ! " 

" No, my dear sister ! " replied Rinaldo ; " I 
cannot leave you ! To seek thee, my sister, was 
the purpose for which I left our home ; and, now I 
have found thee, never will I leave this wood 
without thee ! Tell me how I can dissolve this 
wicked spell t " 

Albert having heard this resolve of his brother- 
in-law, pressed him with so much earnestness to 
desist from his purpose, that at last, in compliance 
with the request of his brother, and the tears and 
entreaties of his sister, Rinaldo prepared for his 



THE THREE SISTERS. 



5S 




departure. Albert affectionately embraced the 

valiant youth, and when he had kissed his sister, 

and Was on the 

eve of departing, 

Albert took from 

his bosom three 

bear's bristles, and 

presented them to 

the young knight. 

" Do not de- 
spise these trifles. Should you ever be in distress 
4nd want assistance, rub these bristles between 
your hands and await the consequences." . 

In the court stood a noble horse, with a num- 
ber of mounted attendants. " Adieu, my brother," 
cried Albert the Bear ; " hasten to be gone, I im- 
plore you." 

" Adieu, my brother," returned Rinaldo, the Son 



" Three bear't IjriBtlei. ud presented them." 



56 THE CHRONICLES OF 



'.T"-rij*iix--" II" -" I JJ' " 



of Wonder, and the horses' hoofs rattled over the 
drawbridge. 

The golden stars still twinkled bright in the 
heavens, the cavalcade proceeded at full speed over 
the stocks and stones, up hill and down, through 
woods and wildernesses, meadows and fields* 
After a good hour's riding the sky began to turn 
grey, and on a sudden all the torches went out. 
Rinaldo found himself roughly thrown to the 
ground, and knew not how it happened ; the whole 
cavalcade had vanished, but he perceived a number 
of glow-worms hurry away to the enchanted wood. 
The undaunted knight now could easily explain 
the adventure, and waited patiently for sun-rise ; 
and as he was still within the enchanted precincts, 
he determined to seek for his two younger sisters, 
although he might not succeed in breaking the 
spells which he believed held them also in thrall. 



THE THREE SISTERS, 57 



For three days he wandered to no purpose about 
the thicket, nor did any adventure fall in his way. 
He had just consumed the last remains of a cake 
brought from the table of his brother Albert the 
Bear, when he heard something rustle high over his 
head in the air, just like a ship in full sail cutting 
through the waves. He looked up and perceived a 
mighty eagle descending into its nest, which was 
built on the side of a rugged rock. Rinaldo was 
rejoiced at this discovery ; he concealed himself in 
the brushwood, and watched till the eagle should 
take wing again. In seven hours the bird quitted 
the nest, and then Rinaldo quitted his hiding- 
place and called out, " Adelheid, my beloved sister, 
if thou dwellest on this rock answer me, I pray. 
I am thy brother Rinaldo, the Son of Wonder. I 
am seeking thee, in hopes of breaking the wicked 
spell that hath power over thee/* 



.THE CHRONICLES OF 




J~^ 



ipe-Ladder dtecended/' 



When he had 
done speaking, a 
soft female voice 
from above, as if 
from the clouds, re- 
plied: "If thou art 
Rinaldo, the Son of 
Wonder, thou art 
welcome to thy sis- 
ter Adelheid. Make 
haste hither, climb 
up, and embracethe 
solitary mourner," 

Rejoiced at this 
kind mvitation, the 
knight attempted 
to climb the rock ; 
but in vain. As he 



THE THREE SISTERS, 5$ 



was anxiously meditating on the means of ascend- 
ing, a silken rope-ladder descended, by the help of 
which he soon reached the eyry of the Eagle, 
which he found was spacious and firmly built His 
sister was seated under a canopy, covered against 
the weather with waxed cloth, and lined within 
with rose-coloured satin. The meeting on both 
sides was very tender ; as Adelheid had an exact 
acquaintance with her father's family affairs, she 
knew that Rinaldo had been bom after she was 
carried away. 

Edgar the Eagle, her husband, was enchanted 
by weeks : every seventh week he was free from 
the power of the spell. In this interval he had 
often in disguise visited the court of his father-in- 
law, and brought intelligence from time to time of 
the Baron and his family. Adelheid invited her 
brother to stay until the. next change, to which he 

1 



6o THE CHRONICLES OF 



willingly consented, though the term was now six 
weeks. She concealed him in the holIow^ of the 
rock, and fed him daily with coarse food, always 
leaving him with this admonition :  

"As thou valuest thy life, keep from Edgar's 
eagle-eye. Should he see thee, thou art lost ; he 
will tear out thy eyes, and eat thy heart, as he 
yesterday served three of thy squires." 

Rinaldo shuddered when he heard the fate of 
his servants, and promised to take good care 
of himself; and thus continued to abide in the 
hollow rock for six long and tedious weeks. 
He enjoyed, however, the satisfaction of chatting 
with his sister whenever the Eagle took his flight 
abroad. 

He was abundantly recompensed for his trial of 
patience by seven joyous days ; as he was received 
with as much cordiality by his brother the Eagle, 



THE THREE SISTERS, 6i 



as he had before been by his brother the Bear. 
Edgar's castle, court, and all accessories, were just 
the same as those he had quitted ; every day was a 
festival, and the time of the fatal change came on 
but too quickly. On the evening of the seventh 
day Edgar dismissed his guest with the tenderest 
embraces, but warned him at the same time not to 
come near his chace. 

" Shall I," said Rinaldo, sorrowfully, " part from 
you for ever, my dear friends } Is it impossible to 
burst the fatal spell which holds you here in cap- 
tivity? Had I a hundred lives to lose, I would 
risk them all to redeem you.'* 

Edgar affectionately pressed his hand. " Thanks, 
generous youth, for your love and devotion, but 
abandon the rash attempt ; it is indeed possible to 
break our enchantment, but you must not, shall 
not, attempt to do so. Whoever makes the trial 



62 



THE CHRONICLES OF 



in vain, loses his life, and you shall not be sacrificed 
for us." 

Rinaldo's youthful courage was but the more 
incited to attempt the adventure ; his eyes sparkled 
with eagerness, a ray of sanguine hope brightened 
his face. He pressed his brother Edgar to reveal 
the secret, and instruct him how to dissolve the 
spell ; but Edgar refused to gratify him, for fear of 

exposing" the life of 
the gallant youth. 

" All I dare say is, 
that you must find the 
key of the charm, if 
you are to succeed in 
breaking it. If you 
are fated to be our 




** Three eagle's plumes." 



deliverer, the stars will show you the way to find 
it ; if not, your attempt would be folly." 



Ill ^^i..^^. 



THE THREE SISTERS, 63 



On this he drew out of his bosom three eagle's 
plumes^ and gave them as a token of remembrance 
to the knight ; teUing him, that whenever he was 
in distress, he was to rub them between his fingers 
and await the consequences. 

They then took a friendly leave, Edgar's seneschal 
and courtiers attending Rinaldo through a long walk, 
planted with pines and yews, as far as the bounds of 
the chace ; and when he had crossed them his atten- 
dants hastily shut a huge door, and were seen no more. 

Rinaldo sorrowfully seated himself under a large 
oak ; the full moon shone bright and clear, and he 
yet saw the turrets of his sister's castle rising above 
the lofty trees. At dawn he was enveloped in a 
thick mist, and as soon as this had been dispersed 
by the rising sun, castle, park, and huge door had 
all vanished ; and he found himself in a dreary 
desert on the edge of a precipice, from which he 



64 THE CHRONICLES OF 

looked down into a dark abyss. The young knight 
searched around for a way to depart, and discern- 
ing afar off a lake whose unruffled surface was 
sparkling with the reflection of the sun, he made 
for it ; but as he walked on, wild bushes and lofty 
trees sprung up on every side, and the lake 
vanished before his eyes. Towards sunset, how- 
ever, he again saw the surface of the water glim- 
mering through the trees, and the underwood grew 
thinner; yet he could not reach the shore before 
the fall of night. He laid down under a forest 
tree, and did not awake until the sun stood high 
in the heavens. He found himself refreshed by 
sleep, and his limbs restored to their full vigour ; 
and springing nimbly up he walked along the 
shore, devising how to obtain an interview with his 
sister, who he now felt assured inhabited the lake. 
In vain he raised his voice and called to her :  



THE THREE SISTERS. 65 



" Bertha, dear sister, if thou dwellest in this pool, 
answer me. I am Rinaldo, sumamed the Son of 
Wonder. I am seeking thee, to break the spell, 
and redeem thee from thy watery prison." 

He received no answer, except from the sur- 
rounding echoes. " My dear fishes," he proceeded, 
as shoals of spotted trout swam to the margin of 
the lake, and seemed to gaze at the young stranger, 
" say to your mistress that her brother is waiting 
for her on the shore." 

But Rinaldo perceived that he was pleading to 
the fishes in vain. As an accomplished knight he 
was expert in all exercises ; he could swim like a 
water-rat, therefore he doffed his armour, but 
his bright sword he kept in his hand ; and 
without removing his undercoat of quilted silk, 
plunged boldly into the waves in search of his 
sister Bertha. " Her husband," he thought, " will 

F 



.66 THE CHRONICLES OF 

not swallow me up directly, but say a civil word 
first, as he did by my father." 

He pursued his watery way without meeting 
any adventure ; but as he began to tire he looked 
towards the shore, and saw a thin mist ascend near 
him, and which seemed to rise from a large mass 
of ice. He swam with all his might to take a 
nearer view of the phenomenon ; and a pillar of 
mountain crystal projected out of the water, 
seemingly hollow, as there arose out of it a re- 
freshing balsamic scent, with little curls of vapour, 
which the breeze spread over the surface of the 
water. The adventurous swimmer conjectured 
that this might be the entrance of the subter- 
raneous dwelling of his sister ; he therefore ven- 
tured down it. It led direct into the chamber of 
the beautiful Bertha, who was just then employed 
in boiling her chocolate over a little fire of sandal- 



THE THREE SISTERS. 



67 



wood. On hearing the noise, and seeing a strange 
knight enter her chamber, she overturned the cho- 
colate in affright, and then fainted away ; but 




;d Iht chocolate in affright ' 



Rinaldo shook her gently until she came to herself. 

When a little recovered, she said, in a low tone :  

" Unfortunate man ! whoever thou art, how 

darest thou attempt to enter this subterranean 



68 THE CHRONICLES OF 



abode ? Art thou ignorant that this audacity will 
cost thee thy life ? " 

" Fear nothing, my dear/* replied the dauntless 
knight. " I am thy brother . Rinaldo, surnamed 
the Son of Wonder, who willingly braves danger 
or death to rescue his beloved sister from the 
wicked spell in which she is bound." 

Bertha tenderly embraced her brother, her deli- 
cate frame trembling all the while. The Dolphin, 
Ufo, her husband, had also visited her father's 
court at different times unknown ; and he knew 
that Rinaldo had gone in quest of his sisters. He 
had often lamented the rash undertaking of the 
young man ; " For," said he, " if brother Bear 
should not devour him, or brother Eagle not pick 
out his eyes, yet I, the Dolphin, may not be able 
to resist swallowing him. And shouldst thou, my 
dear, even clasp him in thy arms to protect him, I 



THE THREE SISTERS, 69 



rh.v.Vi>B>a->b^"l *h # kr*v-^ ^.ava  *! v>*    



should dash thy crystal dwelling to pieces, so that 
the waters would rush in and drown thee." 

The beautiful Bertha repeated all this to her 
brother, but he replied, " Canst not thou hide me 
from the monster as thy sisters did, that I may re- 
main here until the cessation of the enchantment ? " 

'* Alas ! " replied she, " how can I hide thee ? 
See'st thou not that this habitation is of crystal, so 
that its walls are as transparent as glass ? " 

At last, however, she remembered that there was 
a pile of wood, and Rinaldo cheerfully accepted 
this place of refuge, which his sister arranged as 
a beaver constructs his subterraneous lodgings. 



When Rinaldo was concealed. Bertha repaired to j 

! 

her toilet, set herself off as handsomely as possible, 
selecting the gown she thought best calculated to 
display her elegant shape, and then proceeded to 
the presence-chamber. 



70 THE CHRONICLES OF 



Now, during the period of enchantment, Ufo the 
Dolphin could enjoy the society of his amiable 
spouse no further than by making her a visit 
daily ; looking from without into the crystal 
house, and feeding upon the sight of her beauty 
Scarce had the charming Bertha taken her station, 
when the enormous fish came swimming towards 
her; the water was heard to roar from afar, and 
the waves curled in circles round the crystal 
palace. 

The monster rested without, before the chamber, 
drawing in streams of water and spouting them out 
again from his capacious nostrils, gazing all the 
while in silent admiration with his wide sea-green 
eyes upon his beauteous wife. However much 
Bertha strove to affect an air of unconcern, she was 
not able to hide her anxiety ; hypocrisy and cun- 
ning were quite foreign to her ; her heart fluttered 



THE THREE SISTERS, 71 

and beat, her bosom heaved, her cheeks would 
glow and suddenly turn pale again. The Dolphin, 
for all his gross fishy nature, had still so much 
physiognomical perception, that he concluded from 
these signs there was some foul play, and he niade 
angry questions, shooting away like an arrow, and 
encircling the place, raising such a disturbance in 
the waters that the crystal dwelling trembled 
throughout, and the terrified Bertha believed that 
he would dash it to pieces. The excited Dolphin 
could not, however, discover anything, and he be- 
came gradually more quiet. Luckily his motions 
had so muddied the water that he could not 
perceive the alarm of the anxious Bertha, so he 
swam away. 

Rinaldo kept quite still among the wood till 
the time of transformation ; and although to all 
appearance brother Dolphin had dismissed his 



suspicions, he never failed at his daily visit to swim 
thrice round the crystal dwelling, although he 
never behaved so outrageously as at first. 

The hour of change at length delivered the 
patient prisoner from his uncomfortable conceal- 
ment. One morning when he awoke he found 
himself in a royal palace situated on a small island. 
Buildings, pleasure-grounds, market-places, every^- 
thing in short seemed to float on the water. A 
hundred gilded barges passed and re-passed each 
other, and the castle of brother Dolphin was re- 
flected as in a mirror. The reception of the young 
knight was just as friendly here as at the two 
former courts. Ufo was enchanted by months  
every seventh month the spell ceased : from one 
full moon to the next, all things went on in their 
natural train. As Rinaldo's residence here was 
longer, he became better acquainted with his 



THE THREE SISTERS, 



37 



brother Ufo, and contracted a warm friendship 
with him. 

Rinaldo's curiosity to know how the three 
princes had been reduced to the unnatural state of 
enchantment had been long painful to him ; he, 
therefore, inquired eagerly of his sister Bertha, but 
she could give him no satisfaction on the point, 
and Ufo preserved a mysterious silence. Rinaldo, 
therefore, could not gratify his curiosity, Meanr 
while the days of disenchantment hurried swiftly 
away; the moon lost her silvery horns, and ac- 
quired a rounder shape, which foretold her wane. 
During an evening walk, Ufo gave his brother-in- 
law Rinaldo to understand that the time of separa- 
tion would arrive in a few hours : he recommended 
him earnestly to return to his parents, who were in 
great affliction upon his account: his mother had 
been inconsolable ever since it was known that he 



74 THE CHRONICLES OF 

- -  - - ^ - . ^ 

had not gone to Flanders, but to the enchanted 
forest, in quest of adventures. 

Rinaldo made no reply to Ufo's entreaties, but 
asked if the wood contained other adventures, and 
learned that there was only one more, of which 
he had heard already  to seek the key of the 
enchantments, and destroy the powerful talisman ; 
for as long as the spell was in force there was no 
deliverance to be hoped for by the princes. 

" But," added Ufo, solemnly, " follow good coun- 
sel, my dear brother; be satisfied with what you 
have already achieved ; depart, and acquaint your 
parents with all you have seen and heard. Rescue, 
by your return, your good mother from the sorrow 
which oppresses her on your account." 

Rinaldo appeared to listen to his brother's advice, 
but he had resolved to continue his adventures. 

Ufo easily discerned on what Rinaldo's mind 



THE THREE SISTERS, 75 

was bent. He, therefore, took out of a pouch 
three fish-scales, saying : 

" When hereafter you may want help, rub these 
quickly in your hand until they become warm, and 
await the consequence." 

Rinaldo then took his leave, and, embarking in 
a gilded barge, was rowed to land by four liveried 




^ .VNJ^# 




'* Embarking in a gilded barge, was rowed to land." 

boatmen. He was scarcely ashore, when the 
castle, gardens, and buildings disappeared : and of 
all this glory there remained but a fish-pond, sur- 
rounded by tall reeds, which were shaken by the 
chilly morning breeze. The knight found himself 



76 THE CHRONICLES OF 

upon the spot where, some months before, he had 
plunged in the water; his shield and armour lay- 
still where he had left them. Pressing the cross 
handle of his sword to his lips, he vowed never to 
rest till he had possessed himself of the key of the 
spell which bound his kindred. 




THE THREE SISTERS. 77 


B 


OOK THE 




Third. 


RINALDO, THE SON 


OF WONDER, CONTINUES 


HIS ADVENTURES 


IN SEARCH OF THE SPELL 


WHICH ENCHANTS 


HIS KINDRED. 


" ^ 


M'-:>^ 


\ HO shall guide my 
._^^ footsteps to the path 


^"^ffl'fflj 




p"^ that leads to the most 




1 \m 


wonderful of adven- 


T? 


^^j 


tures in the enchanted 




vM^As 


forest? Ye benefi- 


cent powers 


look down propitious ! and if a son of 


earth may break the 


mighty spell, ! let me be 


the fortunate mortal ! " 





78 



THE CHRONICLES OF 



Thus exclaimed Rinaldo, as he pursued, in deep 
thought, the path far into the wood. For seven 
long days he roamed, without fear or apprehension, 
through the endless windings ; seven nights he slept 
under the canopy of heaven, so that his bright 
armour was rusted by the dews. On the eighth 
day he advanced to the edge of a projecting rock, 
whence he could look down into the inhospitable 
defiles. Sideways there opened a vale, covered 
with evergreen creepers, and enclosed by rocks of 
granite, over which waved the melancholy cypress. 

In the distance he thought he could perceive a 
monument of human design and construction. 
Two gigantic pillars of marble, with capitals and 
pedestals of brass, supported a huge ebony beam, 
which rested against a precipice, overshadowing a 
steel door, secured >yith strong bolts and bars. 
Near the portal was feeding a black bull, whose 



THE THREE SISTERS. 



watchful sparlding eyes seemed to indicate that he 
had charge of the entrance. Rinaldo doubted not 




'- Nut (ho ponal vns reeding a. black bull." 



that he had found the adventure mentioned by his 
brother, Ulf the Dolphin, and immediately re- 
solved to attempt it Down he clambered from 
the ridge of the rocks into the vaie. He had ap- 
proached within an arrow-shot before the bull 



8o THE CHRONICLES OF 



observed him ; but, now that he did so, he sprang 
up fiercely, galloped in great fury around, like an 
Andalusian bull preparing to encounter the Torre- 
ador, and snuffed against the ground, so that great 
clouds of dust arose; he stamped till the earth 
shook ; and then, striking the rocks with his head 
and horns, shivered the hard stone into fragments. 
The knight threw himself into an attitude of de- 
fence, and, as the bull ran at him, he avoided his 
deadly horns by a quick turn, giving the neck of 
the beast so violent a blow with his sword, that he 
thought he must have severed the head from the 
trunk ; but, alas, the neck of the bull was invul- 
nerable to steel or iron ; the sword was shivered 
into a thousand pieces, and the knight retained 
only the hilt in his hand. He had now nothing to 
defend himself with but a spear of ash, armed with 
a two-edged point of steel ; but this also broke 



THE THREE SISTERS, 8i 

lipoh the second assault, like a blade of straw. 
The bull caught the defenceless youth upon his 
horns, and tossed him aloft in the air, waiting to 
gore him as he fell, or to trample him under his 
feet Happily Rinaldo caught between the spread- 
ing branches of a tree, which, holding him, 
rescued him from death. Although every bone in 
his body seemed to have suffered, he retained suffi- 
cient presence of mind to hold fast by the tree ; 
for the raging bull butted so violently against the 
stem with his brazen front, that the roots were 
loosened, and the tree nodded to his fall. 

As the infuriated beast turned back to charge 
again, Rinaldo bethought himself of the presents 
of his brothers. Accident brought to his hand the 
packet of the three bear's bristles : he rubbed them 
violently together, when instantly there came 
trotting along a powerful bear, and began a fierce 



82 THE CHRONICLES OF 

contest with the bull. The bear soon prevailed, 
laid the bull on his back, and tore him to pieces. 

Whilst this dismemberment proceeded, a duck 
flew out from the interior of the dead bull, and 

flew away, screaming 
loudly. Rinaldo guess- 
ed that the duck mock- 
ed the victory attained 
by the bear, and carried 
1 away the magic spell ; 

he therefore took out 
instantly the three 

"A mighty Eagle appeared" plumCS, and rubbed 

them between his 
hands. On this a mighty Eagle appeared high 
in the air; and the wily duck instantly alighted, 
squatting close among the bushes, the Eagle hover- 
ing at an immense height above. The knight, 





THE THREE SISTERS. 



83 



observing this, endeavoured to rouse the duck, and 
pursued it until the undergrowth was thinner, and, 
as it could no longer conceal itself, it arose, and 
directed its flight towards the pool, but the eagle, 
darting down, seized and tore it to pieces with its 
mighty talons. In dying, the duck dropped a 
golden ^^'g into the pool. 




A large fish appeared above the waves." 



Rinaldo knew at once how to meet this new 
difficulty. He instantly rubbed the scales between 
his hands, and a large fish appeared above the 
waves. The fish, which had caught the ^g'g in his 

G 2 



-.1 



84 THE CHRONICLES OF 




The enchanted key. 



capacious jaws, now threw it on shore. At this 
Rinaldo jumped for joy ; he struck the golden egg 
with a stone, it parted in two, and a little key fell 
out, which he recognised in triumph as the key of 

the enchantment. He now 
hurried back to the steel por- 
tal. The dwarf key seemed 
little suited to the giant pad- 
lock ; however, he did not 
hesitate to try it, and scarce had it touched the 
lock when it was loosened, the ponderous iron 
bars drew back of their own accord, and the steel 
portal unclosed. 

He quickly descended into the dusky cavern which 
presented itself Seven doors led to seven subter- 
raneous apartments, all sumptuously furnished and 
gloriously illuminated with many-coloured lights. 

Rinaldo, having traversed them all, came at 



^b^^Bifcr4fl 



last to a closet, where he beheld a young lady- 
lying on a sofa in a magic sleep. He strove to 
awake her, but, alas, he could not. This affecting 
spectacle at once created in his heart the sensation 
of love, and he stood gazing at her without being 
capable of word or motion- 
When Rinaldo had a little recovered himself, 
he looked round, and saw, right opposite the sleep- 
ing beauty, an alabaster table, on which was en- 
graven a number of unknown characters. He 
guessed that the talisman which directed the spells 
of the enchanted wood was engraved upon this 
table, and in the indignation of the moment, he 
clenched his fist, armed as it was with an iron j 

glove, and struck with all his force upon the table. 
Immediately the beautiful sleeper awoke, and 
having cast an affrighted look towards the table, 
fell back again into a profound sleep. 



86 THE CHRONICLES OF 



Rinaldo, rej>eated the blow, and the lady started 
as before. He now determined to destroy the 
talisman, and, seizing the magic table with great 
effort, he succeeded in throwing it from its lofty 
pedestal down on the marble floor, so that it flew 
into a thousand pieces. Instantly the young lady 
awaked from her enchantment, and for the first 
time was aware of the presence of the knight, who 
had  the ladies will do justice to his gallantry  
fallen down before her on his knees. Before he 
could speak, she covered her beautiful face with 
her veil, and said in great anger,   

"Away from me, abominable sorcerer! even in 
the form of the most beautiful of youths, thou 
shalt not deceive my eyes, nor surprise my heart. 
Thou knowest my resolution ; consign me again 
to the sleep of death, in which thy sorcery had 
thrown mel'* 



THE THREE SISTERS. 87 

As Rinaldo was at no loss to understand the 
cause of the lady's mistake, he was not, there- 
fore, disconcerted at this address, but answered 
thus,  

" Charming lady, be not angry ! I am not the 
abhorred sorcerer who would detain you here in 
captivity, I am Rinaldo, surnamed the Son of 
Wonder. Look up ! Behold ! the spell which 
overpowered your senses is no more ! ** 

The lady cautiously drew aside her veil, and, 
seeing the alabaster table actually demolished, 
could not conceal her wonder and thankfulness at 
the daring of the young adventurer. Looking 
kindly upon him, she raised him up, and holding 
out her hand of pearly whiteness, she said,  

"If it be as you say, accomplish your work, 
valiant knight, and lead me from this frightful 
cavern, that I may behold the glorious light of the 



88 THE CHRONICLES OF 

sun, if it be day, or else the silver moon and golden 
stars, if it be night ! " 

Rinaldo then conducted her through the seven 
state chambers, which he had passed on entering. 
He opened the. last door, but without was the 
blackest darki\ess. Rinaldo and his lovely com- 
panion were a long time before they could find 
their way out of the labyrinthine passages, or per- 
ceive the faintest gleam of day through the distant 
entrance of the shapeless cavern. 

At last they found egress into the open air, and 
the disenchanted lady joyously inhaled the scented 
gale, which the mild zephyrs bore from the blooming 
fields. She sat herself down on the grass, by the 
side of her deliverer, who had already conceived for 
her an ardent love, as she was fair as Venus. 

Yet another passion disquieted him : this was 
curiosity to learn who the fair unknown might 



THE THREE SISTERS. 



89 



be, and how she came to be enchanted in this 
forest. He asked her modestly to give him in- 
formation on these points, when she opened her 
rosy mouth and said,  



"I am Hildegard, daughter of Radvow, Prince 
of Pomerania ; Zomebock, chief of the Serbians, 
asked me from my father in marriage, but, as he 
was a heathen, and a reputed magician, he was 
refused under pretext of my tender years. This 
rejection enraged him so much, that he made war 
against my father, slew him in battle, and became 
master of his territories. I had flown for refuge to 
my aunt, the Countess of Vohburg, as my three 
brothers, all gallant knights, were abroad in quest 
of adventure. My place of refuge could not be 
concealed from the sorcerer, who, as soon as he 
had taken possession of my father^s domains, re- 



90 THE CHRONICLES OF 

solved to carry me away, which he could easily do 
by virtue of his magic art. 

"The Count, my uncle, was a great lover of 
hunting; I often accompanied him, and on such 
occasions all the knights of the court strove who 
should offer me the best accoutred horse. One 
day an unknown squire pressed forward with a fine 
dapple grey, requesting me in his master's name to 
mount, and consider the horse as my own. I 
asked him for his knight's name, but he excused 
himself from answering this question, until I had 
tried the animal, and should declare on my return 
that I did not despise the present I could not 
well refuse the offer ; the steed was so sumptuously 
caparisoned that he attracted the eyes of the whole 
court : gold, and jewels, and fine embroidery were 
lavished on the purple saddle-cloth ; a rein of red 
silk was attached to a silver bit ; the stirrup was of 



THE THREE SISTERS, 91 

native gold, thick beset with rubies. I vaulted 
into the saddle, and was vain enough to be pleased 
with myself. 

" The pace of the noble animal was so light and 
easy, that he scarce seemed to touch the ground 
with his hoofs. He bounded lightly over hedge 
and ditch, and down precipitous banks, where the 
boldest knights dared not follow me. A milk- 
white hind, which sprang up before me, drew me 
in pursuit deep into the wood, and I was separated 
from the rest of the hunters. 

"Fearful of losing myself, I quitted the stag, 
intending to return to my companions; but the 
horse refused to obey my guidance. He reared, 
snorted, shook his mane, and became quite un- 
manageable. I tried to soothe him, but in an 
instant the dapple grey steed changed into a 
winged monster. The fore-feet spread into a pair 



THE CHRONICLES OF 



of wings, a broad bill stretched itself out from the 
head, his dappled coat becoming scales of brass. 







He mounted into the air, and, after an hour's flight 
high above the clouds, descended in this forest, 
before the iron gate of a castle. 

" My first terror, from which I have not yet 



THE THREE SISTERS, 93 

recovered, increased as soon as I saw the esquire 
that had presented the dapple grey in the morning, 
and who now respectfully offered to help me down 
from the dragon^s back. Overpowered by horror 
and fear, I descended by his help, and I suffered 
myself to be conducted through a long suite of 
state chambers to a company of ladies dressed as 
for a gala, and by whom I was welcomed as their 
sovereign lady. All were eager to receive my 
commands, and to execute them. 

" Astonished at what I saw and heard, I asked 
where I was, or why they offered me homage, but 
no one would answer me. I resigned myself to a 
silent sorrow, which was interrupted after some 
time by Zornebock the sorcerer, in the form of a 
yellow gipsy, casting himself at my feet and 
soliciting my affections. 

" I received as I should have received the mur 



94 THE CHRONICLES OF 



derer of my father. The tyrant became outrageous 
at the scorn I displayed ; I defied his futy, how- 
ever, and challenged him to fulfil his threats to 
crush the palace to pieces, and bury me under the 
ruins ; but the monster suddenly left me, saying he 
would give me time to reflect. 

" In seven days he renewed his odious proposals. 
I turned from him with contempt, and he rushed 
furiously out of the apartment Soon afterwards 
the earth trembled under my feet, and the castle 
seemed to be falling into an abyss. I sank back 
on my couch, and -my senses left me. After a time 
the sorcerer^s dreadful voice roused me out of what 
I imagined had been a swpon, but \v^hich I found 
to have been a deep sleep. 

"'Awake,' said he, 'lovely sleeper, out of thy 
seven years' slumber! Tell me if the soothing 
hand of time has lessened thy aversion towards thy 



 ** 1^^ ^^a^namMM 



THE THREE SISTERS. 95 

faithful knight ? Cheer my heart with the faintest 
ray of hopef, and this melancholy cavern shall 
change into a temple of joy ! ' 

" 1 deigned not either to answer or to look at 
the base magician, but covered my face with my 
veil and wept. My affliction seemed to move him ; 
he mourned aloud, and knelt down at my feet. 
At length his patience was wearied, he sprang 
hastily up, exclaiming, ' Well, so be it, then ; in 
seven years more we will speak together again.' 

*' He then reared the alabaster table on its 
pedestal ; an irresistible sleep weighed down my 
eyelids, till the cruel tyrant broke my repose anew. 

^' ' Insensible as thou art towards me, think of thy 
brothers* fate ; my* faithless esquire disclosed thy 
fate to them, but the traitor is punished. They 
came, rash youths, with a host of retainers to res- 
cue thee, but this arm proved too mighty for them. 



\  



96 THE CHRONICLES OF 

and they are suffering for their rashness under 
various forms in this enchanted forest.' 

"This was a paltry falsehood, to which the 
sorcerer had recourse in order to overcome my 
firmness, but it only embittered my heart yet more 
against him ; and I did not strive to conceal the 
scorn and the contempt I had for him. 

" * Unhappy woman,* he said after a time, ' thy 
fate is decided. Sleep on till the invisible powers 
cease to obey this talisman.' He instantly reared 
the alabaster table upright, and the magic slumber 
deprived me of life and sensation. It is you, noble 
knight, who have rescued me from this sleep of 
death by destroying the enchanter's spell. Yet 
how you have accomplished this deed I know not. 
Zomebock can be no longer alive, otherwise you 
could not with impunity have destroyed his 
talisman." 



THE THREE SISTERS. 97 

The charming Hildegard had judged rightly. 
The sorcerer had marched with an army of his 
subjects upon Bohemia, where Libuffa, a princess 
of a fairy race, then reigned. In her he found his 
match; Zomebock, in comparison with the cele- 
brated Bohemian queen, was but a novice in magic. 
She confounded him so by her spells that he was 
forced to relinquish the field of battle ; and he fell 
under the lance of a stout knight, to whom she had 
given magic weapons which her enemy could not 
resist. 

As soon as the fair Hildegard ceased speaking, 
Rinaldo took up the discourse, and related his own 
adventures. When he mentioned his brothers-in- 
law, the three enchanted princes in the wood, she 
was seized with great surprise, for she now per- 
ceived that Zornebock's account was no falsehood. 
The knight was on the point of ending his story, 

H 



Chapter 


the 


First. 




JACOB pout's first INTERVIEW 


WITH THE 


BLACK FAIRY. 






i^V^'r 


ATHER more 
than a hun- 
dred years 




iV^^JM&tm, 'y 


ago happen- 




WW^K^^ff^'^- 


ed the story 




p^J^^^jffi^tv 


I am about 




-:^^fe>^ ' ^^^fc 


to tell. It 


1 


j^^^^g 


was long be- 
fore the rail- 


roads had cut up the dancing-grounds of the 






THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



Fairies, or the shrill whistle of the locomotive had 
frightened the "good people" from the green delis 
and quiet nooks wherein they are said to have 
held their merry-makings by the clear moonlight. 
We never see a fairy now-a-days : nevertheless we 
are glad to talk about them and their doings in 
the old time ! What a pretty sight it must have 
been to have seen King Oberon's state balls ! Let 
us imagine one of those elfin revels. 

There Oberon sits 
upon his pretty little 
mushroom throne, 
under a canopy of 
feathery fern, while 
tiny gnats hum merry 
tunes within the bells 
of the fox -glove and wild convolvulus. See! how 
his minikin courtiers dance round and round until 




"Mushroom thtone." 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 105 



.i%r * -rrrrfi i nrtr i '- T~' ^ . - 



the grass shows a circle of the deepest green ! How 
gracefully their robes of film float in the air or 
twine about their fragile limbs ! And now, tired 
with their sport, they throw themselves at the root 
of some huge field-flower, and drink bright dew 
from cups gathered from the yellow cowslip, and 
tell of the mad pranks they have played poor 
mortals, like Shakspere's Pucky  

" That shrewd and knavish sprite 
Call'd Robin Goodfellow ; . . . 
That fright the maidens of the villagery ; 
Skim milk ; and sometimes labour in the quern ; * 
And bootless make the breathless housewife chum ; 
And sometimes make the drink to bear no barm ; 
Mislead night wanderers, laughing at their harm." 

I think Shakspere must have been at King 
Oberon*s court some time or the other, and that 

* Handmill. 



io6 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 

his Midsummer Night's Dream was no dream after 
all, but what he saw and felt in Elf-land ; so if you 
want to know about the " good people," read what 
he has written of them. 

As I have said, the story I am about t6 tell you 
happened years ago, long before the fairies had 
left us, and begins at that pleasant time of the 
year when the trees (like good little folk at school) 
are putting forth the blossoms which give promise 
of fruit hereafter. The doors and shutters of 
Jacob Pout's booth (as a shop was called in those 
days) were thrown open to let in the little breeze 
that was playing among the lavender and majoram 
in the garden at the back of his dwelling, and to 
let out the whizzing noise of the lathe at which 
Jacob was at work. 

Jacob Pout was a doll-maker, and generally 
admitted to be the cleverest craftsman in his trade. 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL, I07 

He made wooden dolls only, (for no one had as 
yet thought of making dolls out of wax,) but they 
were considered marvels of beauty by all the young 
ladies who were fortunate enough to possess one. 
They had such red cheeks, such curly hempen 
wigs, and legs and arms as good as any wooden 
doll could wish for. And then they were such 
dolls to last ! You might leave them on the win- 
dow-sill, in the broad glaring sunshine, without 
their noses melting away ; . or you might drop 
them out of the nursery window without damaging 
more than a leg or an arm, or perhaps only chip- 
ping off a little of the paint. I know there was 
one that descended to six little girls in succession, 
and at last had lost nothing but its wig and the tip 
of its nose. 

Ah ! Jacob Pout ought to have been a happy 
man, for his customers were always satisfied with 



io8 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



their purchases, and his lathe might have been 
going every working-day of the week if its owner 
had not been rather lazy and very envious. 

Opposite the doll-maker lived Anthony Stubbs, 
a clever worker in gold and silver, and moreover, 
an industrious, good-tempered fellow. The shutter 
of his booth was always the first to be taken down, 
and there he might be heard whistling and hammer- 
ing all day, as cheerful as a lark and as busy as a 
bee. True, he had not many customers, but then | 

his wares were costly in their material, and took 
a long time to work into cups, and salvers, and 
spoons. 

Jacob Pout never thought of this as he stood 
idling his time away at the door of his booth, 
murmuring within himself that he should have 
been brought up to doll-making, whilst Tony 
Stubbs never worked upon anything baser than 



\ 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 109 



silver. And then, when he saw the alderman of 
the ward tell down upon Tony's counter twenty 
pounds for a silver tankard, he nea,rly choked with 
envy at his neighbour's good fortune, never think- 
ing how many long days it had cost the honest 
silversmith to hammer into form the dogs and 
horsemen which made the cup so valuable. Neither 
did he think how much time and travail had been 
spent by Tony Stubbs before he acquired the art 
of chasing gold and silver ; for he had gone over 
the sea as far as Florence, to study in the workshop 
of the great Benvenuto Cellini, the most renowned 
craftsman of his time, and whose productions are 
esteemed to this day the masterpieces of their 
kind. Jacob Pout never thought of all this, and 
felt no gratitude for the good with which God 
had blessed him, but envied Tony his hard-earned 
gains. 



no THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 



Jacob had passed the greater part of a fine 
summer's afternoon in this discontented spirit, and, 
having closed his booth, had taken a long walk 
into the country. London was not the large city 
that it is now, and its suburbs were not all brick 
and mortar as they are at present, but shady woods 
and open meadows were to be found everywhere 
around it, and thither would the good citizens 
resort on high days and holidays. Jacob Pout, 
idler that he was, made twice as many holidays as 
any of his neighbours, and there was not a pleasant 
place in wood or field but Jacob knew of it. 

There was no pleasanter spot round London than 
Maude's Dingle, in the middle of the small wood 
which skirted the boundary wall of the Priory 
Garden, at Kilbourne. When the wind set in that 
direction you could hear Bow Bells plain enough ; 
but, at other times, not a sound of the neighbouring 



THE EKi CHANTED DOLL. in 

city could be heard. Here, on the summer's even- 
ing to which our tale refers, at the foot of an old 
gnarled oak, was seated Jacob Pout. A solitary- 
thrush was singing its hymn to the evening; no 
other sound was heard, except the soft murmurs 
of the little Bourne, which gave a name to the 
locality. 

The song, both of bird and brook, was lost upon 
Jacob Pout ; for his mind was full of envious and 
discontented thoughts, which destroyed the charm 
of all things round about him. His eye looked not 
upon the velvet sward upon which he was lying; 
no, he saw only visions of the glittering wares of 
Tony Stubbs. He heard not the mellow notes of 
the thrush, npr the tinkling melody of the brook ; 
no, his ear was filled by ideal sounds, like the 
noise of beaten metals. The twilight came and 
went, yet there he lay sulky and miserable ; he had 



112 THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 



no wish to return to the city so long as there was a 
risk of encountering any one that he knew, for he 
felt that to " love his neighbour *' not " as himself," 
but even to love him at all, was that night im- 
possible. 

The thrush had long since finished its hymn and 
was at rest ; but the little brook could not be silent 
until it reached the distant river. Jacob heard it 
at last, and as he listened, the sounds seemed to 
become more and more distinct, until he thought 
] he could define a tune. Yes, it was a march, and 
played, so it seemed at least, by drums, trumpets, 
and cymbals. Every moment it became more 
audible, and evidently proceeded from a hollow 
beech tree not twenty yards from him. 

As he looked in the direction of the sound, he 
saw  bless me I how he rubbed his eyes !  he saw 
coming from a little hole at the foot of the hollovr 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



beech, a procession of pigmy people, all gaily 
dressed, and marching with measured tread to the 




music of a full band of elfin players. In the midst, 
seated in a car not bigger than a walnut shell, was 
a lady, black as an Ethiopian. As the procession 
came nearer, Jacob saw that she wore armlets and 
bracelets of gold, and bands of the same precious 
metal were round her ankles ; her dress was of the 
costliest materials, and made in the picturesque 
fashion of the East. Jacob felt rather frightened 
when the procession halted opposite to him, and 



114 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



his teeth fairly chattered when he saw the Black 
Fairy descend from her car, and iadvance, with her 
maids of honour, directly towards the knoll upon 
which he was lying. 

The Black Fairy evidently noticed his trepida- 
tion, for she smiled, not very prettily it must be 
confessed, but she did smile, as though to give 
Jacob courage ; but as her condescension appeared 
to have a contrary efifect to that which it was in- 
tended to produce  she spoke. Oh ! what a voice 
she had ! It was sharp and small, and sounded 
like the noise produced by blowing in the barrel of 
a watch-key ; Jacob could hardly hear her words 
at first, but he became so interested in what she 
said to him, that, before she had spoken a minute, 
he could understand every syllable. 

" I have often wished to speak to you," said the 
Black Fairy, "but it would not be considered 



The enchanted doll. 115 

etiquette in one of my degree to venture abroad, 
except by moonlight. I have taken a great fancy 
to you ; I have often heard you grumbling 
in a manner which has done my heart good, I 
assure you. I hate people to be contented and 
grateful ; it shows a mean spirit. For my own 
part, I have never felt satisfied since I was born, 
and I am now nearly five thousand years old.'* 

"You look remarkably well for your age,'* re- 
marked Jacob. 

"Not I," said the black lady ; "I've seen fairies 
looking much better, who are my seniors by a day 
or two. But to your own afifairs. I have come to 
take you under my especial protection. You are 
delightfully envious of that miserable milksop, 
Tony Stubbs. Ha ! Ha ! Depend upon it, Jacob, 
it's not all gold that glitters in that quarter ; half 
his wares are sham, rely upon it. However, you 

I 7 



- 



n6 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



are a good subject of mine, aijd deserve to be 



encouraged/' 

"Who are you ?" tfiougkt Jacob. 

" I am the Fairy Malice," said the black lady ; 
** and I am only sorry that, as you are a mortal, 
I cannot make you my prime minister; you are 
admirably qualified for the post. But, never mind ; 
if you can't serve me in Elf^and, you can do so in 
your own sphere. Tony Stubbs can't be worth, 
stock and all, more than three hundred pounds." 



 



Not that," shouted Jacob ; " not that. If he 



were sold up to-morrow two hundred pounds would 
buy him." 

" So much the worse for you, then," said the 
Black Fairy, "you are one hundred pounds the 
poorer ; for I intend to make you just as rich as 
Tony Stubbs." 

" What a fool IVe been," thought Jacob. " This 




black hag shouldn't have got off so easily had I 
known that." 

"That's right, abuse me; grumble away/* said 
the Fairy. "I can hear your thoughts, and like 
you the better for having them. Oh, how I love 
ingratitude ! Now, see what I am going to do for 
you ; look at this." And Jacob saw in the Fairy's 
hand, an ebony doll not bigger than his little 
finger; it was exquisitely carved, and had brace- 
lets and armlets and ankle bands of silver. Jacob 
had never seen anything so well done since he had 
been a doll-maker. 

" What do you think that is ? " said the Fairy 
Malice : " that is an ENCHANTED DOLL. Take it 
home with you, it will sell for just one hundred 
pounds, and that sum, with what you are worth 
already, will place you on an equal footing with 
Tony Stubbs." 



U8 THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 

Jacob's eyes glistened with delight. 

"So long as you are contented  it breaks my 
heart to think you may cease to be envious and 
covetous;  but so long as you are contented, the 
ENCHANTED Doll will be of no service to you, 
but should you again deserve my assi$tance it will 
return to you, though her then possessor be living 
at the Antipodes. Good night, darling!" And 
then the procession departed in the same order in 
which it had arrived, 

Jacob went home to bed, and slept soundly 
until daybreak. When he awoke he thought he 
must have been dreaming. No, there was the 
Enchanted Doll upon the table. 

He soon dressed himself and opened the shutter 

 

of his booth ; it was a golden morning ! He 
placed the fairy gift upon his board, and sat 
down to breakfast ; but before he had swallowed 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 119 

a mouthful a strange-looking person entered 
the shop, and inquired the price of the little black 
doll. 

' /  - 

^*Ohe hundred and fifty pounds," answered 
Jacob. 

" Too much," said the stranger, " I am ordered 
not to exceed one hundred." 

There was something in his customer's manner 
that made Jacob anxious to get rid of him, and, 
therefore, he did hot chaffer about the matter, but 
took the stranger's money, and gave him the 

Enchanted Doll. 

" What a lucky fellow I am," said Jacob, as the 
stranger turned to depart. 

"Very," said the doll-buyer, **at present." 



120 


THE 


ENCHANTED DOLL. 


c 


HAPTER THE 




s 


ECOND. 


THE 


ENCHANTED DOLL RETURNS TO 






JACOB POUT. 






_,,,g^ ULL of the bargain he 




jO . had made, Jacob Pout 


fea. 


^^ counted over and 




/A.^^ 


35^ over again the money 






he had received for 






the Enchanted Doll, ring- 






ing uach coin on his board as 




^ 


loud as he could ring it, in 


order to attract 


the attention of the silversmith 



.THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



over tlie way. But Tony was too busy with 
his own work to notice what his neighbour 
was doing, and kept haiftmering away, to the 
great annoyance of the ill-natured doll-maker. 
Jacob put his money into his pouch, and placing 
his flat cap jauntily upon 
one side of his head, took 
two or three turns in front 
of the silversmith's booth, 
rattling the money in his 
pouch every time that he 
passed ; but his trick was 
lost upon Tony Stubbs, who never once looked up 
from hiswork, but still kept fashioning the lump 
of silver on his small anvil. Jacob grew desperate, 
and entered the silversmith's booth, 

"Good morrow, neighbour Stubbs," said the 
doll- maker. 




122 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



.-^^^ .,-. .^. . ^ ..  - .*,..>..,. ^^.. .  ... 



"Ah!'' replied Tony, "is it you, neighbour 
Poiit ? I am very glad" to see you ; for though 
we live opposite to each other, we seldom ex- 
change more than a nod from week's end to week's 
end. But that is my fault. I believe I am always 
so hard at work that I have no tinie for a little 
friendly gossip." 

"Just my case, too," said Jacob; "I am always 
at work ; " (what a fib that was !) " I cannot make 
dpUs fast enough to supply my customers," (that 
was really true, but he might have done so had he 
been less idle). " But I have no right to grumble ; 
I make money faster than I can spend it ; " and 
Jacob again rattled the coins in his pouch. 

" I am rejoiced to hear of your well-doing, neigh- 
bour," said Tony, but showing neither by look nor 
word that he envied Jacob his good fortune. "We 
have both great reason to be grateful to. God." 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 123 

Jacob gave a short cough, and answered, " Ye^i *' 
but gratitude had lio place in his heart. He was 
vexed that the silversmith appeared deaf to the 
jingling of the money in his pouch, and he resolved 
to try what the sight of the bright coins would 
produce. 

" I have received a large sum  a very large sum 
 this morning," said Jacob, **and I have some 
doubt as to the goodness of the coin, which has 
been paid to me. Will you assay a few pieces for 
me, neighbour, and set my mind at rest." 

" With great pleasure indeed," replied Tony ; 
" let me see them." 

" There is a small portion of them," said Jacob, 
throwing down upon the counter a handful of coins, 
all seemingly new and bright from the mint. 

Tony examined them carefully, and tested them 
by means known in his art. When he had done 



124 THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 

SO, he pronounced them to be of the finest silver, 
and worth even more than their rateable value : 
" Unless," said Tony, laughing, " they are made of 
fairy silver, and if so, neighbour, you have made 
a bad bargain." 

" How ? " inquired Jacob. 

" Some morning you will find them turned into 
dirt and stones : at least so it runs in the legend," 
answered Tony. 

" I have no fear of that," said Jacob, gathering 
up his money and pouring it into his pouch with 
as much display as possible. He then wished the 
silversmith a good morning, and crossed over to his 
own booth. 

" Fairy silver  ha, ha ! dirt and stones," thought 
Jacob. " I have made him envious at last." And 
with this bad thought the wicked doll-maker was 
contented. 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 125 



At twelve o'clock the next day Tony Stubbs 
was seen to close the shutter of his booth, and then 
hurriedly walk eastward. 

" Just like me," thought Jacob ; " when I have a 
fit of the spleen I can never rest at home ; I w^ill 
be bound he is ofif to the woods for the rest of the 
day. Just like me." 

Jacob was mistaken ; in an hour or two the 
silversmith returned, and his hammer was heard 
ringing long after the usual hour of work. Again, 
in the morning, his neighbours were awakened, 
before cock-crow, by the sounds which proceeded 
from Tony's anvil. And so it was, day after day, 
the noise only ceasing at very long intervals, except 
about mid-day, when Tony closed the shutter of 
his booth and took his hurried walk eastward. All 
the neighbours remarked that he looked fatigued 
and unhappy, and the stock of his booth became 



125 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 

less and less in spite of his incessant labour. Some- 
thing was wrong with the silversmith, and every 
one pitied him, except the doll-maker. 

I dare say you: would like to know what took 
him away from home every day, and made him 
work early and late, and yet grow poorer and 
poorer ? Well, I will tell you, because I knqw you 
are not like Jacob Pout, and I think you will be 
pleased with what the silversmith has done. 

In the easternmost part of the city was a booth, 
above which was the sign of the Golden Shears, (I 
shall have to tell you more about signs presently,) 
a sure indication that the owner pursued the ancient 
and honourable trade of tailor. The place was 
very clean, but scantily furnished with broadcloth, 
serge, and taffety, and for some days no one had 
been seen at work on the tailor's board but little 
Tom Tit, the apprentice. A good little fellow he 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 127 

was, for thdugh he had no one to keep an eye 
upon bim, he never idled away his time, but honestly 
stuck to the task hi^ master had set him. It was 
to this shop that the silversmith paid his 4aily 
visit, for the tailor was Tony's father. 

" Master is better to-day," said Tom Tit about a 
week after Tony's first journey; "and the alder- 
man's been here who wanted to put master in the 
Fleet, and said that as you had paid some of the 
money, he need not be frightened any longer about 
going to prison." 

"The alderman has been very kind, Tom,*' re- 
marked Tony  " he has given me time to pay his^ 
debt, and in a month or so I hope to see my father 
a free man again. You are a good boy, Tom, and 
I shall not forget your kindness and service." 

Tom tried to say "Thank you, Master Tony," 
but something in his throat would not let him ; hq 



128 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 

only wiped his eyes with the back of his hand, and 
then stitched away ten times harder than ever. 

While Tom was doing this, Tony had entered a 
room upstairs, and kneeling down by the bedside 
had asked his father's blessing. 

The sick man laid his thin hand upon the head 
of his son, and prayed in silence for a few moments. 
When he had finished, the old man's eyes filled 
with tears, whilst a faint smile lighted up his pallid 
face. " Anthony," said he, " but for your filial love 
I should now be in a gaol." 

" I hardly think that, father," replied Tony, gaily, 
" for I had no sooner told the alderman how cruelly 
you had been cheated of your goods, than he offered 
to forego part of the debt ; but this I declined, as 
the money was justly due." 

" You did rightly, my dear son, but it grieves me 
to think that my misfortunes should have made you 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 129 

almost a beggar," replied the old man ; '*but I 
know that the good God will bless you ; perhaps 
not with wealth, for that is not always a blessing, 
but with a happy and contented mind, the sure 
reward of virtuous actions." 

You know now why Tony worked early and late, 
and why he became poorer and poorer every day, 
until he had made his father a free man ; but he 
had kept his secret quite snug, and, unless I had 
told you, I am certain you would niever have heard 
a word about it Well, it was on May-day that 
Tony went to the alderman to make the last pay- 
ment of his father's debt : May-day was a great 
holiday in the old time, and the young Londoners 
used to go to the neighbouring woods to bring 
home the May-pole, which was 3, straight tree 
shorn of its branches and dressed out with gay 
streamers of ribbons and garlands of flowers. They 

K 



I30 THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 



used to dance round the May-pole to the music of 
a pipe and tabor, and sing merry songs in praise of 
Maid Marian and Robin Hood ; but I question 

* 

whether the lady or gentleman deserved such 
honour. Sometimes there were grand pageants of 
knights in armour, and morris-dancers covered over 
with bells and ribbons. May-day is but a shabby 
affair now-a-days, with its tawdry " My Lord " and 
" My Lady," and would be worth nothing without 
Jack-in-the-Green. 

There had never been a grander pageant than 
the one in Fenchurch Street on the morning when 
Tony Stubbs paid Alderman Kersey the balance 
of his father's debt; "all the world and his wife" 
had come out to see it, and where there was a 
sight to be seen there Jacob Pout was sure to be. 
Yes ; he was the foremost in the crowd, shouting 
more londlv and pushing more rudely than any 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 131 

one else. He had received one or two blows on 

m 

his crown from the staves of the javelin-men who ^ 
were keeping clear the passage to the stand set 
apart for the Lord Mayor and Aldermen, and some 
of their friends, the richest merchants in the City. 
As the different aldermen passed along they were 
cheered and saluted by the by-standers, for in 
those days it was considered a great honour to be 
a member of the corporation of London. Even 
Jacob Pout took off his cap as Alderman Kersey 
passed by, and it was not until the worthy magis- 
trate stopped to speak to some one he recognised 
in the crowd, that Jacob perceived he was hanging 
on the arm of  Tony Stubbs^ On they went, until 
they came to the Lord Mayor's stand, the steps of 
which they ascended together. There they stood, 
in the midst of the grandees of the great city of 
London ; many of whom came to Tony and took 

K 2 



132 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



him kindly by the hand, Jacob Pout could hardly 
believe his eyes ; but what he saw was the truth, 
nevertheless. The alderman had told a * great 
number of his friends the story of Tony's conduct, 
and so pleased were they with his filial love and 
honesty, that all resolved to befriend him as much 
as they could. 

"Jacob did not remain to see any more of the 
show, but walked home as fast as he could and 
shut himself up in his workshop. The sun shone 
brightly into the room, but Jacob drew the curtain 
to prevent the cheerful light from gaining admis- 
sion ; for his heart was full of envy and all un- 
charitableness, and the pleasant sunlight annoyed 
him. At last twilight came, and then night ; the 
moon shone clear and bright, and sent a light into 
the room in spite of the curtain. 

As Jacob sat brooding over what he had seen, 



THE ENCHAN'IED DOLL. 



133 



the wheel of his lathe turned round, slowly at first, 
and then revolved with the greatest rapidity. Jacob 
started up in surprise, and saw a swarm of little 
fairies busily engaged in shaping a large block of 
ebony into the rude form of a doll. The chips of 
hard wood flew about in all directions; and the 
wheel whizzed round like a mad thing. At length 
the lathe ceased, and Jacob saw the pigmies, with 
chisels and mallets, fashion the head and limbs into 
the exact resemblance, only a hundred times larger, 
of the Enchanted Doll he had brought away 
from Maude's Dingle. 

. When the fairies had finished their work, they 
expressed their delight by playing about in the 
most fantastic manner ; now swinging by cobwebs 
from the ceiling, then climbing, up the legs of the 
table arid turning head over heels from that frightful 
.precipice pn to the ground. At length Jacob heard 



134 THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 



the same miisic he had heard iii the woods, and 
saw the Fairy Malice and her elfin train come forth 
from a mouse-hole in the comer of the room. 

"Well, Jacob, my dear child," said the black 
lady, "I am glad you have come, to your senses 
again ; I was afraid you would never more be 
envious enough to release the ENCHANTED Doll 
from the power of her last possessor. You see, it 
gives my people some trouble to restore her form, 
but never mind about that ; you are such a dear 
envious creature that I could do anything for 
you." 

" But what can this lump of wood do for me ? 
Can it introduce me to the Lord Mayor and 
Aldermen, and make me as great a man as Tony 
Stubbs seems likely to be?" said Jacob, with a 
sneer, 

** That's right, dear ; abuse my gift, sneer at 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 135 



me ; I like to see you ungrateful," exclaimed the 
fairy. 

" Besides, who will buy such a lumbering thing 
as this ? The ENCHANTED DoLL was a wonder in 
doll-making, but this is a clumsy  ugly " 

" Stop, dear, stop," said the fairy ; '* the increased 
size of the doll is all owing to the increase of your 
desires, and so it will be, my pretty one, until  but 
you must excuse me for the present: I have to 
attend a family party in the dog-star." And with- 
out further ceremony, she and her elfin troop dis- 
appeared down the mouse-hole. 

In the morning Jacob placed the Enchanted 
Doll on his board; but though a number of 
persons stopped to look at it, no one seemed dis- 
posed to become a purchaser. 

Meanwhile, the shop of the silversmith began to 
assume a very improved appearance, for the alder- 



136 THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 

man and his friends had given Tony as much 
work as he could do ; and such was Jacob Pout's 
envy, that I think he would never have Bold his 
Enchanted Doll (for It was only when he was 
contented that he could part with it), had not Tony 
fallen dangerously sick, and Jacob envied him no 
longer. 

When reading was a much rarer accomplish- 
ment than it is now, and but few of the porters 
and servants of the citizens knew even the letters 
of the alphabet, the shopkeepers of London used 
to hang, in the front of their houses, pictures 
and models, which were called signs, to enable 

# 

persons to distinguish one. trader from another. 
Some of the devices used were very curious, and 
among those which have come down to us, 
none seems less suited to the trade which it 
designates, than the Black Doll, which we have 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. m 

all seeii . hanging over the door of the marine- 
store dealer, 
I have no" doubt that our ENChaNted Doll 




"ITie Black DolL" 

was the original of the sign, for it was Tristram 
Tattersall, dealer in ship's stores, who became the 
new possessor of Jacob's faiiy gift. He had it a 
great bargain, for it only cost, him a few pounds 
and (at Jacob's earnest solicitation) a seat at (he 
Lord Mayor's dinner ; for even in the old tim? 



T38 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 

  .--- -- -. , *- riB-iT- - I - ' -' i-i I --  - - 

good eating was a favourite pastime with the 
citizens of London, 

Jacob enjoyed himself greatly during the eariy 
part of the banquet ; he ate of everything that 
looked luscious and tempting, chuckling all the 
time at the thought that poor Tony was lying in a 
sick chamber taking nothing but physic, which 
was then quite as unpleasant in flavour as it is 
at present. As the feast proceeded, Jacob drunk 
so much wine that he became very noisy and 
troublesome, and before the dinner was over the 
attendants of the Lord Mayor were compelled to 
carry the doll-maker out of the Guildhall. It was 
even said that, for more than an hour, he sat in 
the stocks, to the great delight of a number of 
little boys in Cheap. 

Before we finish this chapter, you will be glad 
to know that Tony became a great deal better, 



THE ENCHANTED DOU.. 



and that Alderman Kersey called upon him daily ; 
and at length, when Tony was able to sit up, the 




good alderman took his only daughter, Dorothy, to 
see him, and there is great reason to believe that 
the silversmith improved rapidly after the visit. 

And Jacob Pout was more envious of his neigh- 
bour than ever. 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



Chapter the 
Third. 

JACOB GOES TO A BEAR GARDEN, AND AFTER- 
WARDS TO A CHRISTMAS PARTY. 



Q the money which 
Jacob had re- 
ceived from Tris- 
tram Tattersall 
was soon ex- 
pended, for the 
doll-maker had 
resolved to make 
what he called 
and he did so to the 




"a figure in the world;' 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 141 



great amusement of his* neighbours, among whom 
he was no favourite, as his envy and selfishness 
were well known. * He dressed himself in the 
extreme of the fashion, which was most fantastic 
and ridiculous. He had a monstrous ruff round 
his neck, which made his closely-cropped head 
look like a small dumpling in a large platter. He 
wore stockings of two colours, and bows in his 
shoes. His breeches were so puffed out about 
the hips with buckram and wadding that his body 
seemed to rest upon two drumsticks. How the 
plain, sober citizens laughed. at him as he strutted 
up and down the street with the intention of excit- 
ing the envy and admiration of His neighbours ! 
When he thought he had accomplished his object, 
he resolved to. favour the court end of the town with 
a visit. As he could" not walk with any comfort, 
he made his way to London Bridge stairs, and 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



hailing a waterman, got into a boat, and desired 
to be taken to the palace at Westminster. There 
were no hackney coaches in those ddys, and 
persons of all ranks used " the silent highway " 
(as the River Thames has been called) when they 
wished to avoid the bustle and noise of the streets. 
The watermen were 
generally quick-witted 
fellows, from being 
brought in contact 
with the many people 
who rode in their 
boats, and, being bold 
and impudent, they 
did not hesitate to pass some very free remarks 
upon the patrons of each other. You can imagine 
how Jacob must have fared in his progress up the 
river, seated, as he was, in the stem of the boat, in 




"Hcwiujredai 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 143 

his large breeches and ruff, and a little peaked hat 
with a cock-tail feather in it. Some said he looked 
like a peg-top turned upside down, whilst others 
compared him to a Dutch dram-bottle. Jacob 
was very angry at first, but became reconciled 
to his situation when his cunning sculler told him 
(seeing what a vain fellow he was) that "it was 
the custom of the river for the low watermen to 
jibe at all the noblemen and gentry about the 
court." 

When they arrived at Westminster, Jacob was 
astonished at the large sum demanded by the 
waterman for rowing him so short a distance, but 
when he was assured that the scullers " never car- 
ried noblemen for less," Jacob pulled out his purse 
with an air and paid the money. Poor dolt ! if he 
had only known how he was jeered and laughed at 
the moment his back was turned ; for persons who 



pretend to be other than they really are will at all 
times be exposed to ridicule and imposition. 

** Are you for the bear-baiting to-day," said a 
gaily, dressed young man to Jacob, shortly after 
he had landed ; '* rare sport is expected, I am told, 

 

and the best of the nobility and gentry are to be 
present." 

" Why, sir," replied Jacob, " I have never seen a 
bear baited. Is the Bear Garden easy of access ?" 

" It is if you have friends," returned the young 
man ; " I shall be happy to introduce you ; I am 
of the Duke of Northumberland's household, and 
shall be glad to be of service to so brave a 
gentleman." 

Jacob thanked him for bis politeness, and wished 
heartily that his city neighbours could see him in 
such good company. Good' company, indeed! 
The young fellqw was a London foist, or thief. 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 145 



who instantly saw that Jacob was a very likely 
person to be imposed upon ; so whilst the inflated 
doll-maker thought he was in the society of a duke's 
gentleman, be was but the companion of a rogue 
and a vagabond 

When they came to the Bear Garden, Jacob*s 
friend suddenly discovered that he had no money ; 
of course the doll-maker was too glad to lend a 
piece of gold to such a desirable acquaintance. 
None but the best seats would serve the turn of 
Jacob and his friend, and they were therefore 
conducted by one of the bear-wards to the gallery- 
set aside for the most distinguished ladies and 
gentlemen. 

" Ladies in a bear garden ? ** Yes, in the " good 

old times," of which we hear so much, the most 

cruel sports were witnessed by gentlewomen, who 

from their earliest childhood were accustomed to 

I. 



148  



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



the dogs, for the victim and its tormentors were 
alike subject to pain and injury, but proceed with 
our story. The sport was at an end, and the 
visitors were leaving their seats, when a loud out- 
cry was raised in that part of the garden where 
Jacob and his friend had taken their position. 
" Here's a thief, bear-ward," cried one, seizing the 
duke's gentleman, 

" Here's his comrade," shouted another, taking a 
firm hold of Jacob's ponderous ruff. 

The bear-wards were not slow in securing the 
denounced persons, as their show was likely to 
suffer in the estimation of the public from the 
presence of thieves, and without much parley they 
hurled Jacob and his distinguished acquaintance 
into the arena, where the bear was still chained to 
the post The poor brute, smarting from his pre- 
vious ill-treatment, and fearing, no doubt, that the 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



new comers were also his enemies, made two or 
three blows at the doll-maker, who chanced to roll 
near to him, and rent Jacob's fine clothes into 
shreds, and with his sharp claws scratched the face 
of the duke's gentleman. The ridiculous appear- 




ance of the suspected thieves roused the mirth of 
the assemblage, and even the angiy bear-wards 
could not help laughing heartily, 

" Let them go now, Robert," said a young noble- 
man and a great patron of the bear-garden ; " they 
are well served for their knavish practices." . . 



ISO THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 

The bear-ward, obedient to his patron's com- 
mand, conducted the two suspected rogues to the 
door, and giving each a sound rap with his quarter- 
staff, bid them not venture within his walls again, 
at the peril of their ears. . 

The duke*s gentleman instantly took to his heels, 
and Jacob, ragged, bruised and disgraced, walked 
hurriedly to the. river-side, intending to take water 
to the City, but he found that his ill reputation had 
preceded him, and he was only jeered and ill-used 
by the watermen. In this tattered condition, 
therefore, he was obliged to take his way home- 
ward, accompanied by a troop of the rabble, who 
are always inclined to enjoy the misfortunes of 
any one. 

More than a week had passed since this unludky 
occurrence, and Jacob Pout had never crossed the 
threshold, of his .booth, for he thought that the 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 151 



Story was known among his neighbours, and he 
feared to encounter their jokes and laughter. The 
good-natured silversmith became at length greatly 
concerned for his neighbour, and resolved to pay 
him a visit. When Tony got to the doll- 
maker's door he was surprised to see Jacob with 
a large axe endeavouring to cut in pieces a beau- 
tiful black doll, dressed like an Eastern princess, 
but the hard ebony resisted every effort made to 
destroy it. Jacob's old friend had come back to 
him, but larger than before, for his envy and hatred 
of his neighbours had increased greatly since his 
own misfortune. During the week that Jacob had 
shut himself up he had had no other companion 
but the Enchanted Doll, and that at last be- 
come so intolerable to him that he resolved to cut 
it in pieces and burn it ; but his fairy gift was not 
to be so easily disposed of. 



152 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



"Good morrow, neighbour Pout," said Tony, 
holding out his hand, which the other took with 
evident confusion, but the silversmith attributed 
j Jacob's coolness to his recent misfortune, and not 
to the real cause, which was the presence of the 
Enchanted Doll. 

"What a capital piece of workmanship," said 
Tony ; " I think I never saw anything so ex- 
quisitely made. Surely you were not cutting 
this up for firewood ?" 

Jacob stammered out something about nobody 
buying black dolls, as silly little girls were fright- 
ened at black people. 

"What is the price of it.?" inquired Tony. "I 
have been thinking for a long time of a sign for my 
booth, and the Indian Princess would be a very good 
one for my craft. What is the price, neighbour ? " 

Jacob was delighted at the thought of getting 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 153 

rid of what had become to him a horrible thing, 
and he therefore named a very small sum. 

" Agreed ! " said Tony, " I will buy it of you, 
provided you go With me to-night and spend 
Christmas Eve at the house of a kind friend of 
mine. I will promise you a hearty welcome." 

Jacob was willing to consent to any terms  even 
had they been less agreeable than those proposed 
by the silversmith. 

" Then bring the sign over to my booth as soon 
as you like, and I will pay you the money," said 
Tony, "and I hope that when you see your 
handicraft over my door you will think oftener 
of its owner, and call upon. me as a neighbour 
should do." 

Tony shook Jacob heartily by the hand, and 
then took his leave. 

" You shall not wait long for your bargain," said 



154 THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 

the doll-maker, as soon as Tony's back was turned. 
" An Indian Princess, forsooth ! Will nothing suit 
you for a sign but an Indian Princess ? Well, TU 
gratify your proud stomach, and rid me of this 
odious piece of fairy work." 

Jacob Pout took the ENCHANTED DOLL in his 
arms with the intention of carrying it to the silver- 
smith, but at every step he made towards his own 
door the doll became heavier and heavier, until at 
last he was obliged to place it on the floor, quite 
unable to carry it any further. The ENCHANTED 
Doll could only be parted with when Jacob ceased 
to be envious and discontented, and at that moment 
he envied everybody. 

The Enchanted Doll did not remain long 
quiet, but hopped back in the oddest way imagin- 
able to the little room at the back of the shop. 

"TU not endure this!" cried Jacob, in a great 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 155 

fury, " I will take it to Tony Stubbs, and he shall 
keep it ; '* but he was reckoning without the EN- 
CHANTED Doll, which then began to hop about 
the room, over the chairs, and on to the bed, and 
the great walnut-tree chest in which Jacob kept 
his Sunday clothes. The doll-maker pursued it 
as fast as he was able, but the Enchanted Doll 
always contrived to elude his grasp, until, heated 
and exhausted, Jacob threw himself on a chair and 
fairly cried with vexation. 

We will leave him to himself if you please, and 
take an imaginary stroll to Holbourne, as it was in 
the time of the Enchanted Doll. 

There are very few houses to be seen, but all 
are of a substantial character, and evidently be- 
longing to persons of large means. The gardens 
in front are kept with great care, and though it is 
winter-time the broad gravel paths have not a 



1^6 THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 



I^M<iri* .w^ '  < idi"*- fcr^P*! 



withered leaf upon them. In the parlour windows 
of one or two of the houses a scarlet geranium is to 
be seen : in others are ostrich's eggs suspended by 
silk cords from the ceiling, and here and there are 
beautiful yellow canary birds, and in one. that rare 
creature, a cockatoo, all presents, no doubt, from 
sea captains who make the long voyage to the 
warm countries of the East. That clear, swift 
stream is the Fleet River (the time will come when 
it will be a foul ditch), and that large brick house 
with the bow-windows, lighted from within by a 
blazing fire, is the dwelling of Alderman Kersey. 
As we are friends of Tony Stubbs, I am sure he 
will be glad to welcome us. Here we are in the 
halL As it is Christmas time there is a table 
loaded with good cheer, to which all comers are 
welcome ; and those happy-looking folk crowding 
round the large sea-coal fire are drinking to the 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL, lyj 

good alderman's health in double ale. This way 
leads to the principal sitting-room. The floor is 
strewn with dry rushes and lavender, for the rich 
Turkey carpet is thought too beautiful to tread 
upon, and it is therefore thrown over the carved 
table which stands in the centre of the room. The 
embroidery on the high backs of the chairs is all 
the work of Miss Dorothy's fingers, who stands 
arranging her pretty curls by that mirror of 
polished steel in a velvet-covered framework, whilst 
her mother and the maids decorate the buffet with 
the " white plate,'* which is only displayed on high- 
days and holidays. From the fosses and pendants 
of the ceiling hang bunches of red-berried holly and 
beaded mistletoe intermingled with bows of gay 
coloured ribbons. The door opposite leads to the 
kitchen, which looks like a green bower, so thickly 
is it covered with ivy and holly. The pewter 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



platteiS on the shelves shine as brightly as' the 
silver ware in the parlour, and as dinner has been 
long past (for it 
is nearly four 
o'clock) the , ser- 
' vants are prepar- 
ing for the dance 
which is to take 
place In the even-, 
ing. Before the 
huge fire sits the 
turnspit, dozing and. enjoying the warmth after the 
labours of the morning. Poor dog! he has to work 
hSrd .at feast-times. He sits up (as our little dog 
Timber does when he begs) and with his short fore 
legs turns the great spit, which bends with the 
weight of the mighty baron of beef. But his work 
is over for the day. Here, are the fiddlers, who 




" Arranging hwpltycurli" 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 1 59 



prepare themselves for their "forthcoming exertions 
by a hearty assault on the be^ and ale, - And here 
come the guests. Those are the "alderman's clerks 
and warehousemen, With, their wives and sweet- 
hearts. Those two lads shaking hands with Mrs.; 
JCersey ^nd Dorothy are the alderman's appren-', 
tices, and the persons just entering the hall are 
neighbours and old customers of the house, with 
their wives, s6ns", and daughters. There are ol^ 
Mr. Stubbs, and good little Tom Tit ! Those twa 
who have just entered I hope you know by this 
time. Tony Stubb3 is heartily welcomed by the 
alderman and Mrs. Kersey, whilst bpth Dorothy 
and the silversmith meet each othqr kindly, but 
rather sheepishly, What:~r^ be the reason.^ for 
he has asked her to dance the first dance with him/ 
and Dorothy has answered ** Yes, thank you,'^ 
although her face i$ red 'with bluhe. Jacob 



l6o THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 



Pout has been introduced to the alderman and 
his family by Tony, but the doll-maker seems 
to be ill at ease with his new friends. 

There go the fiddles ! The alderman and a 
buxom dame of forty lead off, whilst old Mr. 
Stubbs has the honour of following with Mrs. 
Kersey ; Tony and Dorothy are in the middle of 
the set and dancing merrily, to the great admira- 
tion of the servants, who one and all take part in 
the dance. What peals of laughter are heard 
every now and then as some blunder is made in 
the figure, when Charles, who should have turned 
to the right, wheels round to the left, and bumps 
against Mary, who nearly tumbles over Kate, who 
falls into the arms of Walter, whilst Frank, and 
Alfred, and Sidney clap their hands and declare 
that Kate did it on purpose. What a shout of 
laughter! Huzza 1 Alderman Kersey has kissed 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



his partner uiider the mistletoe. There's romping ! 
All the women are pretending to run away from 




the kissing-bough, and all the men are dragging 
them back again ; all but Jacob Pout. 

Another dance, and another, and blind man's 
buff and hot cockles have brought us to supper 
time. All the young men assist in laying out the 
tables and placing the benches round them. What 



i62 THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 

a huge Christmas pie is drawn from the oven 
where it has been quietly baking unknown to every 
one but the good-tempered cook and her mistress. 
There's the baron of beef which the poor little 
turnspit roasted yesterday, and yonder comes 




" Prclty Dorolhy hu nodded to him." 

John, the alderman's apprentice, bearing the pride 
of the Christmas feast, the boar's head, decked out 
with twigs of rosemaiy. Can you not smell the 
spiced wine that is steaming in the silver flagon 
which the alderman bought of Tony ? who thought 
not when he sold it that he should ever drink from 
it as a guest, and perhaps something more, for 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 163 

pretty Dorothy has nodded to him before she 
tastes the reaming liquor. 

Supper is over, and the kitchen again cleared for 
dancing ; certainly the fiddlers play better than 
they did before, and everybody dances with twice 
as much spirit. Everybody seems merrier and 
happier, except Jacob Pout, who is stealing away 
from the house and taking the road to the Fields 
at Finsbury. 

You had better remain with the pleasant people 
at Alderman Kersey's, and join in the carol which 
will be sung at midnight to usher in the coming 
Christmas-day. Besides, there will be other games 
of blind man's buff, hot cockles, and forfeits, and I 
have no doubt, snap-dragon and hunt the slipper. 
I will follow Jacob Pout and tell you all that 
happened in the next chapter. 



M 2 



THE ESXHANTED DOLL. 



Chapter the 
Fourth. 

JACOB PARTS FROM THE ENCHANTED DOLL 
AT LAST. 

- ONG ere Jacob 
^ went forth 

from the 
house of Al- 
derman Ker- 
sey, the noise- 
less snow 
had been 
falling fast ; but nevertheless the doll-maker pur- 
sued his way to the fields, quite regardless of 




THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 165 

the weather. " It is as plain as the nose on my 
face/* thought Jacob, "the alderman's daughter is 
to be the wife of Tony Stubbs, and then, of course, 
the alderman's wealth will all come to Tony, and 
who knows but some day or other he may become 
Lord Mayor of London. Just like his luck. A 
mean sneaking fellow as he is : always pretending 
to be at work ; never taking a day's holiday 
except upon the regular feasts and festivals. I 
hate him ! I don't know why, but I can't help it" 

I could have told him the reason. Jacob was 
like many other people in the world who envy and 
hate every one more successful than themselves. 

The moon was shining brightly in the heavens, 
and the beautiful snow (which seems to have been 
made for moonlight) sparkled like powdered dia- 
monds. The trees which had lately stretched forth 
their bare limbs, as though in supplication to the 



1 66 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



distant spring-time to Come and clothe them, were 
now bending beneath the pearly garlands. Here 
and there were dark masses of buildings, from 
whose chimneys the graceful smoke was winding 
upwards ; the windows were glowing with the lights 
within, and the pleasant sounds of music and merry 
voices seemed to come forth to greet each other in 
the silent fields. Jacob was sick with envy. 

The path (which Jacob had tracked with some 
difficulty) was crossed by a stile, and as he felt 
wearied by his walk, he resolved to rest there for a 
time, and then return home. As he drew near to 
the stile, he saw on the topmost rail some living 
thing, which moved rapidly from one end to the 
other. He continued to approach, until he was 
close enough to discover that it was no other than 
his dingy patroness, the Fairy Malice. She was 
evidently in a very ill humour, in fact she seemed 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 167 

to be in .a positive rage, for she walked with her 
arms folded together, and her little black lips com- 
pressed as closely as though they had been glued 
to each other. Now and then she would stop, 
stamp her tiny foot, and shake her clenched pigmy 
hand in the air. Jacob felt desirous to avoid her, 
and was about to make a hasty retreat, but the 
fairy was too quick for him. 

*' Stay where you are," she screamed as loudly 
as she could. " Stay where you are, or I will rack 
every nerve in your body." 
Jacob felt quite powerless. 

" So, you graceless fellow," continued the Fairy. 
'* You thought to go unpunished for your cruel 
treatment of that priceless treasure. The EN- 
CHANTED Doll. You thought you could hack its 
beauteous limbs and batter its delicate body with 
impunity^ did you > You thought that precious 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



creature was only hewn out of an insensible l<^, tike 
your own abominable toys, and could be made into 




fire-wood at your will and pleasure ? Look here, 
every blow that you inflicted on that incomparable 
being was by elfish sympathy endured by me," and 
the faiiy pointed to her bandaged arms and legs, 
which had hitherto escaped the notice of Jacob. 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 169 



" But I will be revenged. I am here to-night to 
punish your brutality and ingratitude. It is not 
often that you, find fairies out on a snowy night 
like this, but my people shall have plenty of work 
to keep them warm, I warrant you. Advance, 
archers ! and give this ungrateful mortal a proof of 
your ability.'' 

Jacob heard the old march played, and the 
surface of the snow swarmed with black fairies. 
Their bright helmets and breastplates glittered in 
the moonlight as they deployed before their potent 
ruler, until at last they formed themselves into 
columns and marched past the terror-stricken 
Jacob, who, in a few minutes, found himself com- 
pletely surrounded by the pigmy army. The 
officers of the different companies then advanced 
towards each other, and having conferred for a few 
seconds returned to their respective places, and, at 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



a signal from the commander-in-chief, led their 
men still closer to Jacob. They then halted, and 




instantly a myriad of arrows, as fine as hairs, flew 




from their bows into the body of the unhappy doll- 
maker. Jacob roared with pain, but found himself 
deprived of motion. 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 17 1 

The Fairy Malice rubbed her hands with delight, 
and laughed long and loud at the torture of the 
unhappy doll-maker. 

"Well done, my gallant archers! well done!" 
cried the black lady. " Let our cavalry acquit 
themselves as well and they shall be rewarded. 
Charge!*' 

As she screamed out her command a humming 
noise was heard in the air, and a legion of fairies, 
mounted upon horned beetles, flew at the head and 
hands of the doll-maker ; who, powerless to defend 
himself, endured intolerable pain from the lances of 
his foes. Malice was more delighted than before, 
and laughed so immoderately that she was obliged 
to lean, from exhaustion, upon 'her attendants. 
When she had recovered her breath sufficiently to 
speak, she addressed Jacob as follows : 

" Master Doll-maker, you now know what it is 



172 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 

to injure a fairy, and especially the Fairy Malice. 
As I think I have punished you sufficiently this 
time, you may go home, Jacob. We are friends 
again." 

" Never ! " cried Jacob. " Never ! I will throw 
your horrible gift into the river." 

" Don't," said Malice ; " if you do it will swim, 
and come back to you again." 

" I will burn it, then ! " exclaimed Jacob, almost 
beside himself with rage. "I'll consume it to ashes, 
and cast them to the winds." 

" Try such a thing at your peril," screamed the 
fairy ; " torture that charming creature with fire, 
and you shall rue the day. You shall" 

" I defy you ! You and your enchantments," 
roared Jacob. 

"Ha! ha!"  and all the fairies laughed in 
concert. 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 173 

" Your own bad heart gives me the power over 
you, and until that changes you are the slave of 
my servant." So saying the fairy waved her wand, 
and the bright moonlight was instantly changed 




" Sunroundcd by myriads of bats," 

into darkness. At first Jacob thought a black 
cloud had passed between him and the moon, but 
he discovered to his great dismay that he was sur- 
rounded by myriads of bats. He found, however, 
that the power of motion was restored to him, and 
began to run homewards as he thought, but the 



174 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



bats flew with him, and, unable to see his path, he 
was presently crashing through the thin ice of a 
pond, from which he emerged dripping with water 
and shivering with cold. Fear still impelled him 
onward, but with no better success, and it was not 
until the church bells of London rung out in con- 

I 

cert the advent of the day of promise of " Peace 
and good will to men," and from mansion and 
cottage a thousand voices were heard carolling a 
welcome to the blessed Christmas-tide, that his 
tormentors quitted him. Jacob found he was some 
distance from honie, and it was not without great 
difficulty, bruised and tired as he was, that he 
reached the door of his own booth as the sun rose 
on the Christmas morning. 

All the way home Jacob has been contrasting 
his miserable condition with the happy position of 
Tony Stubbs, never considering that the silver- 



Mcsm -Aj-t *r -r 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 175 



smith owed his prosperity to his own industry and 
honourable conduct. " Had it not been for him," 
thought Jacob, as he unlocked the door of his 
shop, " I should never have gone to the woods and 
found this accursed fairy gift, which I can never 
part with so long as I am envious, and envious I 
shall be until Tony Stubbs is a beggar ! " 

Thus musing, the doll-maker entered his bed- 
chamber, and there was the Enchanted Doll 
larger and more hideous than ever. 



The morning wore on, and Jacob very miserable 
still sat at the window, gazing intently ^t his 
neighbour's houge. By and by the door opened, 
and Bridget, Tony's old housekeeper, came out 
dressed in her best bib and tucker, a sure 
sign that she was going to make holiday. In a 
few minutes more the silversmith made his ap- 



176 THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 

pearance, and locking the door, strangely enough 
walked away leaving the key in the lock. Per- 
haps he was thinking of pretty Dorothy Kersey  
no matter. 

Jacob saw all this, but instead of doing the part 
of a good neighbour by calling Tony back, the 
wicked doll-maker hoped that the key would 
attract the attention of some thief who would hot 
hesitate to plunder the silversmith. With this bad 
feeling Jacob Pout watched all day at the window, 
but no one passed and saw the key. As the 
evening set in, Jacob's thoughts grew worse and 
worse,, until at last it occurred to him to carry the 
Doll over to his neighbour's house, and there, by 
kindling a fire, destroy at once the wealth which 
he envied and the creature which he dreaded. To 
his surprise he found the ENCHANTED DoLL as 
light as a feather, and taking it in his arms he 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 177 

carried it over to his neighbour's house. In a few 
minutes he returned, and taking his seat again at 
the window prepared to watch the result of the 
wickedness he had done. Presently a stream of 
dark coloured smoke issued from the crevices in 
the shutters of Tony's booth, and then a bright 
red flame crept out and showed that the fire 
was raging fiercely within. Unfortunately for the 
silversmith, as this was Christmas time the streets 
were quite empty, and the city watch had taken so 
much good cheer during the day that they were 
sleeping at their posts, or the fire might possibly 
have been discovered and extinguished, but as it 
was, the wicked doll-maker was the only person 
who knew of it. 

Jacob Pout was rejoicing in the success of his 
malice and wickedness, when to his great horror he 
saw Tony's door fly open, and from it come the 

N 



178 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



Enchanted Doll, a glowing mass of fire, and 
make directly for his own booth.  In a minute the 
room in which he was sitting became filled with 
gmoke, and he heard the wood in his workshop 
crackling with the flames. At the same moment, 
a great noise at a distance in the street told him 
that the conflagrations were observed, and Jacob 
rushed out just as the city watch came up with 
their ladders and fire-buckets. By great exertion 
the fire in Tony's house was put; out, but nothing 
seemed to have power over that which was con- 
suming the booth of the doll-maker. 

Jacob stood stupified for some time ; at last it 
occurred to him that the first money which he had 
received for the ENCHANTED DOLL was locked 
up in his old walnut-tree chest, and without a 
moment's pause he dashed through the flames to 
secure his treasure ; although the room was full of 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 179 

fire and smoke, Jacob contrived to open the chesty 
but lo ! there was nothing but dirt and stones, for 
the coins he had received were all of Fairy silver ! 
His disappointment was so great that he remained 
kneeling by the side of the chest until the flames 
gathered all around him, and he would no doubt 
have perished, had not a yoiing man forced his 
way through the fire and dragged the bewildered 
doll-maker into the street. 

The rescuer and the rescued were both nearly 
suffocated by the heat and smoke, and it was not 
until some minutes had elapsed that Jacob could 
find sepse or words to thank his preserver. What 
must have been his feelings when he found that 
to Tony Stubbs he was indebted for his pre- 
servation. 

**This is a sad night for us both, neighbour 
Pout," said the silversmith, "but worse for you 

N 2 



i8o 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



than for me. You have lost all, but my shop only 
has suffered by the flames, some of my wares are 
damaged, but a little later to bed and a little 
earlier to rise will put all that right But neigh- 
bour," and Tony paused, greatly moved by the 
expression of Jacob's face, " you are in great pain ! 
and no wonder, for your arm is flayed bare. 
Here! some one run for a surgeon whilst I help 



him to bed. 



 



The doll-maker from shame and suffering could 
make no answer, but allowed the much injured 
Tony to lead him to a bed. 

The surgeon came, and pronounced Jacob's 
state to be very desperate, and desired that he 
should be kept perfectly quiet, or he would not 
answer for his life a day. And so for many days 
Tony Stubbs could not take any steps to repair 
the damage done by the fire, in case he should 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. i8i 

disturb his suffering neighbour, but devoted all his 
time to watching by his bed-side, and, with the 
aid of old Bridget, preparing and applying the 
cooling cataplasms ordered for his relief. 

Some three weeks had passed since the night of 
the fire, and Jacob was able to sit up in a chair, 
and now and then, by the aid of his kind nurse, to 
walk a few times up and down his room. Still he 
was very weak, and continued to suffer great pain 
from the burns which he had received. 

One night Tony had retired to rest after talking 
very cheerfully, and telling how little damage the 
fire had done his wares, and promising Jacob, that 
as soon as he was well enough to pursue his 
calling, a new lathe should be bought, and a booth 
furnished for him. 

One would have thought that so much kindness 
from a person he had wronged so deeply would 



iSz THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 

have awakened nothing but feelings of gratitude in 
Jacob Pout, but envyj hatred, and malice, had been 
too long the cherished passions of his breast, to be 
dismissed without a struggle. 

"So!" thought Jacob; "it seems I am to be 
indebted for my daily bread to the man I have 
most hated and envied! Just like my luck! 
Whilst not one stick of my booth or stock is left 




" He is 10 many prclly Doroihy Ketsey. " 

unconsumed, this fellow can laugh at his loss and 
afford to lend me money to boot. He will be 
richer shortly, for everybody says he is to marry 
pretty Dorothy Kersey. What has he done to 
deserve this .'" 



?  



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 183 

" What, indeed ! '* said a shrill voice close to \ 
his ear. 

Jacob shook from head to foot, for he knew it 
was the Black Fairy who had spoken. 

"What, indeed!" repeated the Fairy, "He 
envies nobody! He sets fire to no man's dwelling! 
He thinks not only of his own dear self! Fool 
that he is ! But you, my darling, deserve all you 
get, and a great deal more into the bargain. 

" Leave me 1 " cried Jacob, " leave me ! I wish 
to have done with you for ever." 

"How very cruel of you," sobbed the Fairy, 
"after all I have suffered for you* Why, I have 
not yet recovered from the effects of the fire ; 
neither has your pretty pet, the ENCHANTED 
Doll ! " 

" Recovered ! " gasped Jacob. " Surely it was 
consumed in the flames ! " 



1 84 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 



" Not so, dear," replied the Fairy, with the most 
horrible grin. " I was afraid at one time that this 
silversmith might have been the death of her, but 
your love and constancy have quite worked a 
cure. She is beside you ! " 

And there it was, sure enough, charred and 
almost shapeless, but still with enough of form left 
to distinguish the Enchanted Doll. 

The next morning Jacob was much worse. He 
was in a high state of fever, and wandering and 
raving in his sleep like one mad. The doctor 
could not account for the change, and appeared 
greatly perplexed what to do. However, he pre- 
scribed certain remedies, which had the effect of 
composing the patient, but not of restoring him to 
consciousness. Jacob continued in this state for 
more than three days. When at last his reason 
returned to him, he heard the sweet voice of a 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 185 



woman earnestly engaged in prayer for his re- 
covery. The suppliant entreated God to restore 
the sufferer to reason, that he might not die in his 
sin ; but to grant him life, that he might repent 
of the evil of his ways, and obtain pardon and 
salvation. 

Jacob's heart was softened, and the tears rolled 
down his cheeks as fast as they did down those of 
Dorothy (for it was she who prayed for him) ; and 
when the prayer was finished, Jacob breathed a 
fervent " Amen ! " 

As country air was considered to be necessary 
for Jacob's recovery. Alderman Kersey had him 
taken in a litter to his house at Holboume, where 
 thanks to the careful nursing of Mrs. Kersey and 
the gentle Dorothy  he was gradually restored to 
health. 

And what became of the ENCHANTED DOLL ? 



1 86 THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 

You shall hear. 

From the hour that Jacob said "Amen!" to 
Dorothy's prayer, his cruel tormentor began to 
diminish in size, until, the day before his removal 
to the house of Alderman Kersey, it had dwindled 
down to the length of a little finger. It would 
have gone away altogether, but Jacob could not 
help (from long habit) altogether at times contrast- 
ing his condition with that of Tony Stubbs, and 
wishing  for a very little while  that he and the 
silversmith could change places. 

One morning towards the end of May, the bells 
of Holbourne church were ringing merrily* All 
the people at Alderman Kersey's were dressed in 
their holiday clothes, decked out with large bows 
of white ribbon, and went smiling about the house 
as though some happy event had occurred in the 
family. And so there had ! Dorothy Kersey had 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 187 



become the wife of Tony Stubbs* There never 
was a happier bridal party. Never was? There 
never could be! And Jacob Pout had been to 
church to see the marriage ceremony performed ; 
and as he knelt beside them at the altar, he had 
prayed that God would bless them and reward 
them for all the good they had done to him, 
and pardon him all the evil he had done them* 

From some strange impulse Jacob (who was now 
quite strong again) resolved in the afternoon to go 
to Maude*s Dingle. When he arrived there he 
soon found the knoll on which he had sat when he 
received his fatal fairy gift, and down he threw 
himself, rather wearied by his walk. The thrush 
was singing, and Jacob thought the bird's song 
seemed full of thankfulness, and that the little 
brook ran babbling on of a thousand happy 
things! 



1 88 THE ENCHANTED DOLL, 



He wondered he had never thought so before, 
until he remembered the evil passions which had 
hitherto been his companions when he visited the 
pleasant dingle. 

Jacob went back with a light heart to the 
alderman, and joined heartily in the merry-making. 
He bade the musicians play their merriest tunes, 
and was, in fact, the last person left dancing at the 
end of a jovial reel. 

When the guests had left, Jacob went up to his 
bedchamber and opened a little box, in which he 
kept his Enchanted Doll, but to his great joy 
he discovered that it had vanished !  for Jacob had 
ceased to envy  even a little. 

The doll-maker was set up in business by his 
kind friends. Alderman Kersey and Tony Stubbs ; 
and, through the influence of the former, Jacob 
received a commission from the Lord Mayor to 



THE ENCHANTED DOLL. 189 

execute two of the largest dolls in the kingdom. 
I will not vouch for the fact, but it is more than 
suspected that Gog and Magog, which occupy so 
prominent a position in the Guildhall of London, 
are the identical dolls made by Jacob Pout. 




NEW ILLUSTRATED WORKS, 

Price 2IJ., 

tn royal quarto^ extra cloth^ gilt edges^ 

The Drawings by Frederick Eltze: the Verses by Mark Lemon, 

THE NEW TABLE BOOK: 

TWENTY-FIVE FULL-PAGE COLOURED DRAWINGS, 

And numerous Wood Engravings, with some Verses to each. 
With a Page for " Everybody's Favourite." 



Price 15J., 

In small quarto J extra gilt cloth^ with upwards 0/ Seventy Illustrations on 

Wood by George Du Maurier, 

THE STORY OF A FEATHER. 

By DOUGLAS JERROLD. 



Price 10s. 6d.f 

In small quarto ^ extra gilt clothy with a Coloured Frontispiece and 
nutfierous Woodcuts by Charles Keenb, 

MRS. CAUDLE'S CURTAIN LECTURES. 

By DOUGLAS JERROLD. 

Price 21J., 
In oblong folio y half crimson morocco ^ 

FOLLIES OF THE YEAR. 

By JOHN LEECH. 

Being the Coloured Illustrations from Punch's Pocket Book, 1844  1864. 
With some Notes to each by Shirley Brooks. 

LONDON: BRADBURY, EVANS, & CO., 11, BOUVERIE STREET. 



ILLUSTRATED WORKS. 

Price 7*. 6<i, 

In square iCma, extra gilt cloth, with a Frontispiece and several Drawings 

on Wood by Hablot K. Browne, 

TOM MOODY'S TALES. 

By mark lemon. 



Price tzs.f 

In 8vo, extra gilt cloth, with Twenty full-page Coloured Illustrations and 
numerous Woodcuts by John Leech, 

THE COMIC HISTORY OF ENGLAND. 

By gilbert ABBOTT A 'BECKETT. 



Price 7 J. 6</., 

In Svo, extra gilt cloth, with Ten full-page Coloured Illustrations and numerous 

Woodcuts by John Leech, 

THE COMIC HISTORY OF ROME. 

By gilbert ABBOTT A'BECKETT. 



Price tfS. 6d.y plain; ys. 6d., Coloured, 

In small oblong form, stiff wrapper, in a series of Twelve Coloured Plates 

by John Leech, 

YOUNG TROUBLESOME; 

OR, 

MASTER JACKY'S HOLIDAYS. 

From the blessed moment of his leaving school to the identical moment of his 
going back again, showing how there never was such a boy as that boy. 



LONDON: BRADBURY, EVANS, & CO.. ii, BOUVERIE STREET. 



