Folk and Fairy Tales. 



P. CHR. ASBJORNSEN. 



TRANSLATED BY 

H. L. BR^KSTAD, 



With an Introduction by Edmund W. Gosse. 






NEW YORK : 

A. C. ARMSTRONG &amp; SON, 

714 Broadway, 

1883. 






Sr f 



CONTENTS. 



PAGE 



Introduction xiii xviii 



An Old-Fashioned Christmas Eve 



The Lads who Met the Trolls in the Hedale Wood 



  



Matthias the Hunter's Stories 



The Lad and the Devil 



19 
25 
36 



The Man who was going to Mind the House 40 

The Cormorants of Udrost 45 

The Giant who had no Heart 52 



The Pancake 



62 



A Day with the Capercailzies 



68 



The Greedy Youngster 94 

The Seven Fathers in the House 108 

Brave Old Bruin in 

Mother Bertha's Stories 114 

The Smith and the Devil 132 

The Three Billy Goats who went up into the Hills to 

get Fat 141 



Contents. 



Peter Gynt 145 

Legends of the Mill 151 

The Lab and the North Wind 162 

ashiefattle and the king's hares l68 

Mackerel Trolling .... iSo 

Peik 194 

Foolisk Men and Scolding Wives 203 

The Parson and the Clerk 306 

The Giant and Johannes Blessom 209 

The Box with the Funny Thing in it 214 

The Widow's Son 215 

East op the Sun and West of the Moon 327 

Ashiepattle who hade the Princess tell the Truth at last . 243 

An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen 248 

Hans who made the Princess Laugh 269 

A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest 277 

The Witch 295 

The Charcoal Burner 308 



INTRODUCTION. 



-';._* 




'^4^ 



aV7Zs2-*-*~*s*': 



INTRODUCTION. 

THREE names in the living literature of Norway may be 
said to have escaped from the provinciality of a narrow home- 
circle, and to have conquered a place for themselves in the 
general European ooncert. Two of these,  Ibsen and Bjornson, 
 are borne by professional poets ; the third is that of a man 
of science whose irresistible bias towards literary style may be 
said to have made a poet of him against his will. The 
novelettes of Bjornson and the comedies of Ibsen belong to 
the tradition of imaginative art, but the stories of Asbjornsen 
a selection from which is here introduced to the English public, 
in some sense inaugurated a new order in literature. Here in 
England, where our poetical language has been repeatedly 
renewed at the fresh wells of the vernacular, where Chaucer 
and the Elizabethans, Butler, and Burns, and Dickens, each in 
his own way, have constantly enriched our classical speech 
with the bright idioms of the vulgar, we can scarcely realise 
how startling a thing it is when a great writer first dares, in 
a ripe literature, to write exactly as people commonly speak 



&lt;.&gt;, .,r 1)1( . s( . s( : ,s ,,ai1 - "-&gt; . so much 

cr,wl  off and J'"' "' hUSk W],ich  Ur trans '*tio 

,a Me inner worth of *h* * i 
&gt; ometh,W of thrf V *' We  h *i 

*' d to th e otW fa  ' h *" d ' * 
* wrth te llg .^ ,.^ for 

rt - &amp;fcre ** wre   *- f n 




t^ia^-Jj 



Introduction. xvii 



or made a walking tour up into the mountains, the fondest 
object of the journey was to coax a story out of every peasant 
whom they met. Asbjornsen soon surpassed Moe in the width 
of his experience ; his profession was one which took him 
habitually from one end of the kingdom to the other, whereas 
his friend, with a genius perhaps more naturally attuned than 
his to the music of mountain and cascade, settled down as a 
country parson into a narrower and more humdrum circle. 
Yet it is Moe, and specially in that delightful study of his 
entitled Blind Anne, who has given us the most complete and 
vivid sketch of the mode in which the friends collected the 
materials for their books. In 1838 Asbjornsen first made public 
the results of his investigations, very shyly and timorously, in 
a little publication for children, called Nor. Not until 1842 
did the first authorised edition of Norwegian Folk and Fairy 
Tales, collected by Peter Christen Asbjornsen and Jorgen Moe, 
see the light at Christiania ; it gradually became widely suc- 
cessful, and was followed in 1871 by a new selection, from the 
pen of Asbjornsen alone. In the mean time, as early as 1845, 
Asbjornsen had published his well-known volume of Huldre- 
eventyr, or stories about the nymphs or sirens which haunt 
the high, sparse woods and mountain dairies. Of these also a 
second selection was printed in 1848. The present gathering of 
tales, therefore, is a nosegay plucked from these four gardens 
of the imagination, wild plots full of strange Alpine blossoms, 
and perfumed with the wind from the pine-forest. 

b 



xviii Introduction. 



Until the generation now lately passed away, almost the 
only mode in which the Norwegian peasant killed time in the 
leisure moments between his daily labour and his religious 
observances, was in listening to stories. It was the business 
of old men and women who had reached the extreme limit of 
their working powers, to retain and repeat these ancient legends 
in prose and verse, and to recite or sing them when called upon 
to do so. Such minstrels were held in great respect, and were 
found in every parish. Moe has observed that there was a 
certain distinction in the themes selected by the two sexes ; 
from the old women there was required a grim or melancholy 
class of story, while the old men were called upon for more 
humorous tales and staves. Asbjornsen and Moe were only 
just in time to preserve the stories from extinction ; in many 
districts they had already ceased to exist, in others they 
remained solely in the memories of a few very aged persons. 
One or two valleys in Thelemarken, the Assynt of Norway, 
that district at the back of Kongsberg where the scanty popu- 
lation still shrinks from the transforming touch of modern life, 
supplied the richest treasure in folk-lore ; wherever the explorers 
could hear of belt-fights within the memory of man, there they 
were sure of* being on the edge of the more ancient civilization, 
and safe to find the rare product they were seeking. On the 
other hand, in modernised and Europeanised provinces like 
Hardanger, where much intercourse by sea with strangers had 
destroyed the antique isolation, the stories were less abundant, 



Introduction. 



XIX 



less genuine, and less characteristic. It was from minstrels at 
bridal- feasts, from boatmen on the fjords, from old blind vaga- 
bonds and the household paupers who form so strange a 
feature of a Norse peasant community, that they obtained 
most of their best stories ; and it is a significant fact that 
almost all these professional reciters are now dead. Had 
Asbjornsen and Moe neglected the duty of preserving the 
ancient legends, they would now, in all probability, be lost 
beyond the chance of restoration. 

The stories must now be left to speak for themselves. Of 
the wonderful links that comparative mythology has found in 
them, chains that bind Norway in one brotherhood with Ireland 
and Germany, with Wallachia and Hindustan, nothing needs 
be said in a popular selection like the present. The stories | 
are charming as tales of primitive Norse life, and if mythologists 
can find by dissecting them an undergrowth of ancient history, 
that is an additional pleasure for them. It is difficult to doubt 
that though Asbjornsen is himself a learned saw in this species 
of science, it is mainly the tale that has delighted him, the 
quaint wit, the savage pathos, the intimate and tender sympathy 
with all that is wild and solitary in the nature of his fatherland. 
And as a literary artist this is his highest praise, that he has 
contrived to lay the peculiarities of Norwegian landscape 
before his readers with a subtlety of touch such as no other 
poet or proseman has achieved  not by description so much as 
by a series of those sympathetic and brilliant touches whic 1 * 



vww 



XX 



Introduction. 



make us forget the author, and fancy that we are walking in 
the body through the country of his affection. In Asbjornsen's 
tales the English reader will find, in its quintessence, the genius 
and temper of the Norwegian peasant 



EDMUND W. GOSSE. 



AN OLD-FASHIONED CHRISTMAS EVE. 




-IE wind was whistling through the old lime and 
maple trees opposite my windows, the snow was 
sweeping down the street, and the sky was black as a December 
sky can possibly be here in Christiania. I was in just as black 
a mood. It was Christmas Eve, the first I was to spend away 
from the cosy fireside of my home. I had lately received my 
officer's commission, and had hoped that I should have gladdened 
my aged parents with my presence during the holidays, and 
had also hoped that I should be able to show myself in all my 
glory and splendour to tin ladies of our parish. But a fever had 
brought me to the hospital, which I had left only a week before, 
and now I found mysc! f in the much-extolled state of convalescence, 
I had written home for a horse and sledge and my father's fur 
coat, but my letter could scarcely reach our valley before the 
day after Christmas, and the horse could not be in town before 
New Year's Eve. 



An Old-fashioned Christmas Eve. 



My comrades had all left town, and I knew no family with 
whom I could make myself at home during the holidays. The two 
old maids I lodged with were certainly very kind and friendly 
people, and they had taken great care of me in the commencement 
of my illness, but the peculiar ways and habits of these ladies were 
too much of the old school to prove attractive to the fancies of 
youth. Their thoughts dwelt mostly on the past, and when they, 
as often might occur, related to me some stories of the town, its 
people and its customs, these stories reminded me, not only by their 
contents, but also by the simple unaffected way in which they were 
rendered, of a past age. 

The antiquated appearance of these ladies was also in the strictest 
harmony with the house in which they lived. It was one of those 
old houses in Custom-house Street, with deep windows, long dark 
passages and staircases, gloomy rooms and garrets, where one could 
not help thinking of ghosts and brownies ; in short, just such a house, 
and perhaps it was the very one, which Mauritz Hansen has de- 
scribed in his story, The Old Dame with the Hood. Their circle 
of acquaintances was very limited; besides a married sister and 
Iut children, no other visitors came there but a couple of tiresome 
old ladies. The only relief to this kind of life was a pretty niece 
and some merry little cousins of hers, who always made me tell 
thrni fairy tales and stories. 

I tried to divert myself in my loneliness and melancholy mood 
by looking out at all the people who passed up and down the street 
in the snow and wind with blue noses and half-shut eyes. It 
amused me to see the bustle and the life in the apothecary's shop 
across the street. The door was scarcely shut for a moment. 
Servants and peasants streamed in and out, and commenced to 
.study the labels and directions when they came out in the street. 
Some appeared to be able to make them out, but sometimes a 
lengthy study and a dubious shake of the head showed that the 
.solution was too difficult. It was growing dusk. I could not 
distinguish the countenances any longer, but gazed across at the 
old building. The apothecary's house, " The Swan/' as it is still 
called, stood there with its dark, reddish-brown walls, its pointed 



An Old-fashioned Christmas Eve. 3 

gables and towers, with weathercocks and latticed windows, as a 
monument of the architecture of the time of King Christian the 
Fourth. The Swan looked then as now a most resectable and 
sedate bird, with its gold ring around the neck, its spur-boots 
and its wings stretched out as if ready to fly. I was about to 
plunge myself into reflection on imprisoned birds, when I was 




disturbed by noise and laughter proceeding from some children 
in the adjoining room, and by a gentle, old-maidenish knock at 
my door. 

On my requesting the visitor to come in, the elder of my land- 
ladies, Miss Mcttc, entered the room with a courtesy in the good 
old style; she inquired after my health, and invited me without 



An Old-fashioned Christmas Eve. 



further ceremony to come and make myself at home with them 
for the evening. " It isn't good for you, dear lieutenant, to sit thus 
alone here in the dark "she added; "will you not come in to us now 
at once ? Old Mother Skau and my brother's little girls have come ; 
they will perhaps amuse you a little. You are so fond of the dear 
children." 

I accepted the friendly invitation. As I entered the room, the 
fire from the large square stove, where the logs were burning lustily, 
threw a red, flickering light through the wide-open door over the 
room, which was very deep, and furnished in the old style with 
high-backed Russia leather chairs, and one of those settees which 
were intended for farthingales and straight up-and-down positions. 
The walls were adorned with oil paintings, portraits of stiff ladies 
with powdered coiffures, of bewigged Oldenborgians and other 
redoubtable persons in mail and armour or red coats. 

" You must really excuse us, lieutenant, for not having lighted 
the candles yet," said Miss Cicely, the younger sister, who was 
generally called "Cilly," and who came towards me and dropped 
a courtesy, exactly like her sister's ; " but the children do so like 
to tumble about here before the fire in the dusk of the evening, 
and Madam Skau does also enjoy a quiet little chat in the chimney 



corner." 



" Oh, chat me here and chat me there, there is nothing you like 
yourself better than a little bit of gossip in the dusk of the evening, 
Cilly, and then we arc to get the blame of it," answered the old 
asthmatic lady whom they called Mother Skau. 

" Eh, good evening, sir," she said to ine, as she drew herself up 
to make the best of her own inflated bulky appearance, " come and 
sit down here and tell me how it fares with you ; but, by my troth, 
you are nothing but skin and bones ! " 

I had to tell her all about my illness, and in return I had to 
endure a very long and circumstantial account of her rheumatism 
and her asthmatical ailments, which fortunately was interrupted 
by the noisy arrival of the children from the kitchen, where they 
had paid a visit to old Stine, a fixture in the house. 

" Oh, auntie, do you know what Stine says ? " cried a little 



An Old-fashioned Christmas Eve. 



5 



brown-eyed beauty ; "she says I shall go with her into the hayloft 
to-night and give the brownie his Christmas porridge. But I 
won't go, I am afraid of the brownies I " 

" Never mind, my dear, Stine says it only to get rid of you ; 
she dare not go into the hayloft herself, the foolish old thing, in 
the dark, for she knows well enough she was frightened once 
by the brownies herself," said Miss Mette ; " but are you not going 
to say good evening to the lieutenant, children ? " 

"Oh, is that you, lieutenant ?  I did not know you ! How pale 
you arel It is such a long time since I saw you," shouted the 
children all at once as they flocked round me. " Now you must 
tell us something awful jolly! It is 
such a long time since you told us 
anything. Oh, tell us about Buttercup, 
dear Mr. Lieutenant, do tell us about 
Buttercup and Goldcntooth ! " 

I had to tell them about Buttercup 
and the dog Goldentooth, but they would 
not let me off till I gave them a couple 
of stories into the bargain about the 
brownies at Vager and at Bure, who stole 
hay from each other and who met at last 
with a load of hay on their backs, and 
how they fought till they vanished in a 
cloud of hay-dust. I had also to tell 
the story of the brownie at Hesselberg, 
dog till the farmer came out and threw hi 
The children clapped their hands in great joy and laughed heartily, 

" It served him right, the naughty brownie," they shouted, 
and asked for another story. 

" No, no, children ! you bother the lieutenant too much," said 
Miss Cicely, "Aunt Mette will tell you a story now." 

" Yes, do auntie, do ! " was the general cry. 

" I don't know exactly what I shall tell you," said Aunt Mette, 
"but since we have commenced telling about the brownies, I 
think I will tell you something about them too. You remember 




ho teased the house- 
over the barn bridge. 



An Old-fashioned Christmas Eve. 



of course old Kari Gausdal, who came here and baked bread and 
who always had so many tales to tell you." 

" Oh, yes, yes ! " shouted the children. 

" Well, old Kari told me, that she was in service at the orphan 
asylum some years ago, and at that time it was still more dreary 
and lonely in that part of the town than it is now. That asylum 
is a dark and dismal place, I can tell you. Well, when Kari came 
there she was cook, and a very smart and clever girl she was. She 
had one day to get up very early in the morning to brew, when 
the other servants said to her : ' You had better mind you don't 
get up too early, and you mustn't put any fire under the copper 
before two o'clock.' ' Why ? ' she asked. ' Don't you know there 
is a brownie here ; and you ought to know that these people don't 
like to be disturbed so early/ they said, 'and before two o'clock 
you mustn't light the fire by any means/ 'Is that all ?' said Kari ; 
she was anything but chicken-hearted. ' I have nothing to do with 
that brownie of yours, but if he comes in my way, why, by my 
faith, I will send him head over heeis through the door.' The 
others warned her, but she did not care a bit, and next morning, 
just as the clock struck one, she got up and lighted the fire 
under the copper in the brew-house. But the fire went out every 
moment. Somebody appeared to be throwing the logs about 
on the hearth, but sri ; could not see who it was. She gathered 
the logs together one time after the other, but it was of no 
use and the chimney would not draw either. She got tired of 
this at last, took a burning log and ran round the room with it, 
swinging it high and low while she shouted: 'Be gone, be gone 
whence you came! If you think you can frighten me, you are 
mistaken.' ' Girse you ! ' somebody hissed in one of the darkest 
corners, ' I have had seven souls in this house ; I thought I should 
have got eight in all ! ' But from that time nobody saw or heard 
the brownie in the asylum, said Kari Gausdal." 

" I am getting so frightened," said one of the children ; *'no, you 
must tell us some more stories, lieutenant ; I never feel afraid when 
you tell us anything, because you tell us such jolly tales." Another 
proposed that I should tell them about the brownie who danced the 



An Old-fashioned Christmas Eve. 



Hailing dance with the lassie. That was a tale I didn't care much 
about, as there was some singing in it. But they would on no account 
let me off, and I was going to clear my throat and prepare my exceed- 
ingly inharmonious voice to sing the Hailing dance, which belongs 
to the story, when the pretty niece whom I have already refer/ed to 
entered the room, to the great joy of the children and to my rescue. 

" Well, my dear children, I will tell you the story, if you can get 
Cousin Lizzie to sing the Hailing for you," said I, as she sat down, 
"and then you'll dance to it yourselves, won't you ?" 

Cousin Lizzie was besieged by the children, and had to promise 
to do the singing, so I commenced my story :  

"There was once upon a time  I almost think it was in 
Hallingdal  a lassie who was sent up into the hay-loft with the 
cream porridge for the brownie  I cannot recollect if it was on 
a Thursday or on a Christmas Eve, but I think it was a Christmas 
Eve. Well, she thought it was a great pity to give the brownie 
such a dainty dish, so she eat the porridge herself, and the melted 
butter in the bargain, and went up into the hay-loft with plain oat- 
meal porridge and sour milk, in a pig's trough instead. * There, 
that's good enough for you, Master Brownie/ she said. But no 
sooner had she spoken the words, than the brownie stood right 
before her, seized her round the waist, and danced about with her, 
which he kept up till she lay gasping for breath, and when the 
people came up into the hay-loft in the morning, she was more dead 
than alive. But as long as they danced, the brownie sang (and 
here Cousin Lizzie undertook his part, and sang to the tune of the 
Hailing :  

44 And you have eaten the porridge for the brownie, 
And you shall dance with the little brownie ! " 

44 And have you eaten the porridge for the brownie ? 
Then you bhall dance with the little brownie !'* 

I assisted in keeping time by stamping on the floor with my feet, 
while the children romped about the room in uproarious joy. 

" I think you are turning the house upside down, children !" said 
old Mother Skau ; " if you'll be quiet, I'll give you a story." 



S An Old-fashioned Christmas Eve. 



The children were soon quiet, and Mother Skau commenced 
as follows:  

** You hear a great deal about brownies and fairies and such like 
beings, but I don't believe there is much in it. I have neither seen 
one nor the other,  of course I have not been so very much about 
in my lifetime, but I believe it is all nonsense. But old Stine out 
in the kitchen there, she says she has seen the brownie. About 
the time when I was confirmed, she was in service with my parents. 
She came to us from a captain's, who had given up the sea. It was 
a very quiet place. They never went anywhere, and nobody came 
to see them. The captain only took a walk as far as the quay 
every day. They always went to bed early. People said there 
was a brownie in the house. Well, it so happened that Stine and 
the cook were sitting in their room one evening, mending and 
darning their things ; it was near bedtime, for the watchman had 
already sung out " Ten o'clock," but somehow the darning and 
the sewing went on very slowly indeed ; every moment "Jack Nap" 
came and played his tricks upon them ! At one moment Stine was 
nodding and nodding, and then came the cook's turn  they could 
not keep their eyes open ; they had been early up that morning to 
wash clothes. But just as they were sitting thus, they heard a 
terrible crash down stairs in the kitchen and Stine shouted : ' Lor* 
bless and preserve us ! it must be the brownie.' She was so 
frightened she dared scarcely move a foot, but at last the cook 
plucked up courage and went down into the kitchen, closely 
followed by Stine. When they opened the kitchen door, they 
found all the crockery on the floor, but none of it broken, while the 
brownie was standing on the big kitchen table with his red cap on 
and hurling the one dish after the other on to the floor and laughing 
in great glee. The cook had heard that the brownies could some- 
times be tricked into moving to another house, when anybody 
would tell them of a very quiet place, and as she long had been 
wishing for an opportunity to play a trick upon this brownie, she 
took courage and spoke to him  her voice was a little shaky at 
the time that he ought to remove to the tinman's over the way, 
where it was so very quiet and pleasant, because they always went 



An Old-fashioned Christmas Eve. ii 

to bed at nine o'clock every evening ; which was true enough, as 
the cook told Stine later, but then the master and all his apprentices 
and journeymen were up every morning at three o'clock, and 
hammered away and made a terrible noise all day. Since that day 
they never saw the brownie any more at the captain's. Ke seemed 
to feel quite at home at the tinman's, although they were hammering 
and tapping away there all day, but people said that the gudewife put 
a dish of porridge up in the garret for him every Thursday evening; 
and it's no wonder that they got on well and became rich when 
they had a brownie in the house. Stine believed he brought 
things to them. Whether it was the brownie or not who really 
helped them, I cannot say," said Mother Skau, in conclusion, and got 
a fit of coughing and choking after the exertion of telling this, for 
her, unusually long story. 

When she had taken a pinch of snuff she felt better, and became 
quite cheerful again, and began :  

" My mother, who, by the by, was a truthful woman, told a story, 
which happened here in the town one Christmas Eve. I know it 
is true, for an untrue word never passed her lips." 

" Let us hear it, Madam Skau," said I. 

" Yes, tell, tell, Mother Skau," cried the children. 

She coughed a little, took another pinch of snuff, and pro- 
ceeded :  

" When my mother still was in her teens, she used sometimes 
to visit a widow whom she knew, and whose name was,  dear me, 
what was her name ?  Madam,  yes, Madame Evensen, of course. 
She was a woman who had seen the best part of her life, 
but whether she lived up in Mill Street, or down in the corner 
by Little Church Hill, I cannot say for certain. Well, one Christ- 
mas Eve, just like to-night, she thought she would go to the 
morning service on the Christmas Day, for she was a great church- 
goer, and so she left out some coffee with the g'rl before she went 
to bed, that she might get a cup next morning  she was sure 
a cup of warm coffee would do her a great deal of good at that 
early hour! When she woke the moon was shining into the room, 
but when she got up to look at the clock she found it had stopped 



i2 An Old-fashioned Christmas Eve. 

and that the fingers pointed to half-past eleven. She had .no idea 
what time it could be, so she went to the window and looked across 
to the church. The light was streaming out through all the 
windows. She must have overslept herself She called the girl 
and told her to get the coffee ready, while she dressed herself. So 
she took her hymn-book and started for church. The street was 
very quiet ; she did not meet a single person on her way to church. 




When she came inside, she sat down in her customary seat in 
one of the pews, but when she looked around her she thought that 
the people were so pale and so strange, exactly as if they were all 
dead. She did not know any of them, but there were several she 
seemed to recollect having seen before, but when and where she had 
seen them she could not call to mind. When the minister came 
into the pulpit, she saw that he was not one of the ministers in the 



An Old-fashioned Christmas Eve. 13 

town, but a tall pale man, whose face however she thought she 
could recollect. He preached very nicely indeed, and there was 
not the usual noisy coughing and hawking, which you always hear 
at the morning services on a Christmas Day ; it was so quiet, 
you could have heard a needle drop on the floor,  in fact, it 
was so quiet she began to feel quite uneasy and uncomfortable. 
"When the singing commenced again, a female, who sat next 
to her, leant towards her and whispered in her ear : ' Throw the 
cloak loosely around you and go, because if you wait here till 
the service is over they will make short work of you ! It is the dead 
who are keeping service/ " 

" Oh, Mother Skau, I feel so frightened. I feel so frightened," 
whimpered one of the children, and climbed up on a chair. 

" Hush, hush, child," said Mother Skau ; " she got away from them 
safe enough ; only listen !  When the widow heard the voice of the 
person next to her, she turned round to look at her  but what a 
start she got 1 She recognised her, it was her neighbour, who died 
many years ago ; and when she looked around the church, she 
remembered well that she had seen both the minister and several 
of the congregation before, and that they had died long ago. This 
sent quite a cold shiver through her, she became that frightened. 
She threw the cloak loosely round her, as the female next to her 
had said, and went out of the pew ; but she thought they all turned 
round and stretched out their hands after her. Her legs shook 
under her, till she thought she would sink down on the church floor. 
When she came out on the steps, she felt that they had got hold of 
her cloak ; she let it go and left it in their clutches, while she 
hurried home as quickly as she could. When she came to the door 
the clock struck one, and by the time she got inside she was nearly 
half dead  she was that frightened. In the morning, when the 
people went to church, they found the cloak lying on the steps 
but it was torn into a thousand pieces. My mother had often seen 
the cloak before, and I think she saw one of the pieces also ; but 
that doesn't matter  it was a short, pink, woollen cloak with fur 
lining and borders, such as was still in use in my childhood! They 
are very rarely seen nowadays, but there are some old ladies in the 



i4 An Old-fashioned Christmas Eve. 



town and down at the ' home ' whom I see with such cloaks in 
church at Christmas time." 

The children, who had expressed considerable fear and un- 
easiness during the latter part of the story, declared they would 
not hear any more such terrible stories. They had crept up 
into the sofa and on the chairs, but still they thought they felt 
somebody plucking at them from underneath the table. Suddenly 
the lights were brought in, and we discovered then to our great 
amusement that the children had put their legs on to the table. The 
lights, the Christmas cake, the jellies, the tarts, and the wine soon 
chased away the horrible ghost story and all fear from their minds, 
revived everybody's spirits, and brought the conversation on to 
their neighbours and the topics of the day. Finally our thoughts 
took a flight towards something more substantial on the appearance 
of the Christmas porridge and the roast ribs of pork. We broke Up 
early and parted with the best wishes for a Merry Christmas. I 
passed however a very uneasy night. I do not know whether 
it was the stories, the substantial supper, my weak condition, 
or all these combined, which was the cause of it ; I tossed myself 
hither and thither in my bed and got mixed up with brownies, 
fairies, and ghosts the whole night. Finally I sailed through the 
air towards the church, while some merry sledge bells were 
ringing in my ears. The church was lighted up, and when I came 
inside I saw it was our own church up in the valley. There were 
nobody there but peasants in their red caps, soldiers in full 
uniform, country lasses with their white head-dresses and red 
cheeks. The minister was in the pulpit ; it was my grandfather, 
who died when. I was a little boy. But just as he was in the 
middle of the sermon, he made a somersault  he was known 
as one of the smartest men in the parish  right into the middle 
of the church ; the surplice flew one way and the collar another. 
"There lies the parson, and here am I," he said, with one of his 
well known airs, " and now let us have a spring-dance ! " In an 
instant the whole congregation was in the midst of a wild dance ; 
a big tall peasant came towards me and took me by the shoulder 
and said : " You'll have to join us, my lad ! " 



An Old- Fashioned Christmas Eve. 



17 



At this moment I awoke and felt some one pulling at my 
shoulder. I could scarcely believe my eyes when I saw the same 
peasant whom I had seen in my dream leaning over me. There he 
was with the red cap down over his ears, a big fur coat over his 
arm, and a pair of big eyes looking fixedly at ine. 




"You must be dreaming," he said, "the perspiration is standing 
in big drops on your forehead, and you were sleeping as heavily as 
a bear in his lair ' God's peace and a merry Christmas to you, I 
say, and greetings to you from your father and all yours up in the 



i8 



An Old-Fashioned Christmas Eve. 



valley. Here's a letter from your father, and the horse is waiting 
for you out in the yard." 

" But, good heavens, is that you, Thor ? " I shouted in great joy. 
It was indeed my father's man, a splendid specimen of a 
Norwegian peasant. " How in the world have you come here 
already ? " 

" Ah, that I can soon tell you," answered Thor. " I came with 
your favourite, the bay mare. 1 had to take your father 'down to 
Naes, and then he says to me, ' Thor/ says he, ' it isn't very far to 
town from here. Just take the bay mare and run down and see 
how the lieutenant is, and if he is well and can come with you, 
you must bring him back along with you/ says he." 

When we left the town, it was daylight. The roads were in 
splendid condition. The bay mare stretched out her old smart 
legs and wc arrived at length in sight of the dear old house. Thor 
jumped off the sledge to undo the gate, and as we merrily drove up 
to the door we were met by the boisterous welcome of old Rover, 
who in his frantic joy at hearing my voice almost broke his chain 
in trying to rush at me. 

Such a Christmas as I spent that year I cannot recollect before 
or since. 




THE LADS WHO MET THE TROLLS' IN 
THE HEDALE WOOD. 



ONCE upon a time in the olden days there lived a poor 
old couple, tenants on a small farm up in Vaagc in the 
Gudbrandsdale They had many children, and two of the sons, 
who might be about half grown up, had always to tramp about 
the parish begging. They knew therefore all tiic roads and 
by-roads, and they knew also the short cut to Mcdale. 

They were one day going there, but as they had heard that some 
falconers had built themselves a hut at Mcela, they thought they 
would just look in there at the same time and sec the birds and 
how they were caught, so they took the short cut over the 
Longmoors. But it was so late in the autumn, that the dairy- 
maids had gone away from the dairies on the mountains and 
they could find neither shelter nor food anywhere. They had 
1 The ojjre= of the Norwegian Fairy Tales. 

C 2 



2o The Lads who met the Trolls in the Hedale Wood. 



therefore to make their way for Hedale, but it was only a slight 
path, so when the night set in they lost the track, and to make 
matters worse they could not find the birdcatchers' hut either. 
Before they knew where they were, they were right in the thick of 
Bjolstad wood. They knew they should not be able to get out of 
the wood that night, so they commenced cutting boughs off the 
pine trees, made a fire and built a hut of the branches, for they had 
a hatchet with them. So they gathered heather and moss to make 
a bed of. Shortly after they had lain down, they heard something 
which sniffed and snuffed very loudly through the nose. The boys 
put their ears to the ground and listened attentively to hear 
whether it were wild beasts or a troll. Just then the sniffing 
became louder and some one shouted, "T smell Christian blood 
about here ! " 

And they heard somebody walking so heavily that the ground 
shook under their feet. They knew it was the trolls who were 
about. " Lord help us ! what shall we do ? " said the youngest lad 
to his brother. 

" Oh, you had better stand under the fir tree, where you 
are, and be ready to take our bags and make off, when you 
see them coming ; J will look after the hatchet," said the elder 
brother. 

Just then they saw the trolls approaching ; they were so big and 
tall that their heads reached as high as the tops of the fir trees, but 
they had only one eye amongst the three of them, and this they 
us.'d in turn. They had a hole in their foreheads, in which 
they put it and shifted it about with their hands. He who had 
the eye went first ; the others followed behind and kept hold of 

the first. 

" Run away now," said the elder of the lads, " but don't run too 
far, before you sec what happens. Since they have got their eye 
so high up, they can't see me very well, when I tackle them from 
behind." 

Well, the younger brother ran off and the trolls after him 
In the meantime the eider brother got behind them and gave 
the List troll a cut with the hatchet in the ankle. The troll gave 



The Lads who met the Trolls in the Hedale Wood. 23 

a horrible shriek, which frightened and gave the first troll such 
a start that the eye fell out of his forehead. But the lad was 
not slow in picking it up. It was larger than two pint basins 
put together, and it was so bright, that although the night was 
pitch dark, he could see as clearly as by daylight, when he looked 
through it. 

When the trolls found that he had taken their eye from them 
and that he had wounded one of them, they began to threaten him 
with every kind of evil in existence, if he did not return them the 
eye at once. 

" I am not afraid of trolls or threats either/' said the lad, " now 
I have got three eyes all to myself and you three haven't got any." 

"If we don't get our eye back this minute, wo'll turn you into 
stocks and stones," screeched the trolls. 

But the lad thought there was no hurry ; he wasn't afraid of 
witchcraft or their bragging words. If they didn't leave him alone, 
he would cut away at them all three till they had to crawl along 
the ground like snakes. 

When the trolls heard this they became frightened, and began to 
use more polite words. They begged him very nicely to give them 
their eye back again and he should have both silver and gold and 
everything he wished for. Well, the lad thought that was very 
fair, but he wanted all the gold and silver first ; and so he said, if 
one of them would go home and fetch as much gold and silver as 
he and his brother could fill their bags with and give them two 
good cross-bows of steel in the bargain, they should have their eye 
again, but until they did this he would keep it. 

The trolls screamed and wailed, and said that none of them 
could go home when they hadn't any eye to see with, but one of 
them began to bawl out for their old woman, for they also had a 
gudewife among the three of them. After a while somebody up 
in the mountains a good way off to the north answered. So the 
trolls said that she must come with two steel cross-bows and two 
buckets full of gold and silver, and before very long she was there, 
I can tell you. When she heard what had happened, she also 
commenced to threaten them with witchcraft. But the trolls were 



24 



ADS WHO MET THE TROLLS IN THE H ED ALE WOOD. 



afraid, and asked her to beware of the little wasp. She had better 
mind or he might take her eye as well. So she threw down the 
buckets with the gold and the silver and the cross-bows to them, 
and made off towards the mountains with the trolls. But since 
that time no one has heard that the trolls have been walking in the 
Hedale wood sniffing for Christian blood. 




MATTHIAS THE HUNTER'S STORIES. 



One fine Saturday in November 1836, I found myself at the 
house of my good friend, the Squire, in Nittedale. It was a 
very long time since I had been there, but as he is not the sort 
of man to receive an old friend with a new face, I had to stay 
to dinner and to drink a cup of coffee afterwards, which was very 



26 Matthias the Hunter's Stories. 

acceptable after the long walk of fourteen miles from town. We 
were just settling ourselves around the coffee-table, when several 
friends from the parsonage arrived. According to the custom of 
the house, punch was brought in ; the conversation became animated, 
and we looked to our glasses so frequently, and I looked so often 
into the dear blue eyes of the pretty daughter, that I almost 
forgot the appointment I had on the following day to shoot with a 
friend in Gjerdrum. 

The sun stood already on the ridge of the mountains, and if I 
wished to reach my destination before my friend went to bed, it was 
of little use to think of taking the main road round by the church, 
through the Mid wood and over the moors, which at that time of year 
was sure to be in very bad condition after the chilly November 
weather we had had ; so I went instead up to Nystuen, the nearest 
cottage under the hill, and got hold of Old Matthias, the hunter, 
who at once was willing to go with me and show me the short cut 
across the mountain. He only wanted "just a chew of 'baccy" 
before he started. 

It was a beautiful evening; on the western horizon gleamed still 
the winterly evening sky. A slight degree of cold gave the air 
that freshness which makes many of our November days so 
delightful. A light mist rose from the little stream running close 
by, and covered the trees with a silvery rime, which made their 
branches glitter like crystal. 

We were walking at a smart pace, and a sip from my pocket-flask 
soon set my old friend's tongue going. 

He talked about hunting and shooting, and told me how unfair it 
was that Ole Gjortler, who really belonged to Gjerdrum parish, 
should set his bird-traps on Solberg Common ; next I was treated 
to the story about the nine bears which he was supposed to have 
shot, about his trip to Hallingdale when the parson moved there, 
and to a number of remarks, which were only too true, about the 
careless way in which the Gjerdrum people looked after the public 
pasture grounds, and much more which I cannot now remember. 
When we came to Askevangen Dairy every trace of daylight had 
disappeared ; the moon alone, which had just risen above the 



Matthias the Hunter's Stories. 27 

horizon, threw her unsteady light between the tops of the trees. 
As we passed the deserted mountain-dairy, we must have crossed 
the fresh track of a hare, because the hounds became rather 
uneasy in the couples. 

" Now it depends 'pon the .trength of the couples," said Matthias, 
who tried all he could to keep the dogs back, " because it isn't as it 
should be about here ! " 

" I think you are right there, Matthias/' I said ; " it isn't as it 
should be, because it isn't light enough for shooting; else, were the 
moon clear of the trees yonder, we would soon make it all right, and 
the hounds would, as sure as I am here, treat you to the best music 
for a sportsman's ear." 

" That may be," he continued, and he looked cautiously back at 
the dairy, "but they do say the huldre 1 is hereabouts at this 
time." 

" Ah, indeed, perhaps you have seen her yourself?" 

" No, I have never seen her here," he said. 

"But where did you see her then, Matthias ? " I asked curiously; 
"for I see you believe that there are such beings as fairies and 
brownies." 

" Well, shouldn't I believe what there's written in the Scriptures ? " 
he said. " Why, when the Lord banished the fallen angels, some of 
them went down below there, of course," and he pointed signifi- 
cantly downwards ; " but they who had not sinned overmuch, are up 
in the air, under the ground, or in the sea. Besides I have myself 
often heard them and seen them in the woods and glens 
about here." 

" You must tell me something about them," I asked ; " we have 
nothing else to do while we walk along." 

"If you care to listen to it, of course I shall tell you all I know," 
he answered, and commenced his story. 

"Well, the first time 1 came across the huldre, I was about 
eight or nine years old, and it was somewhere up on the main 
road between Bjerke and Mo. I had been on a message for my 
father, and was walking home along the road, when I saw a tall, 

1 The Norwegian Fairy of the Woods. 



28 Matthias the Hunter's Stories. 

fine lassie coming over the bogland on the right hand side of 
the road. That part of the bog is very full of pits and pools. 
I recollect her now as plainly as if she were before me this minute, 
it was just as light as it is now ; she had on a brown skirt, and a 
light handkerchief over her head, and she.had a knitting in her left 
hand. She was a pretty creature altogether. But she was walking 
right across the bog, and didn't seem to mind the pits or the pools ; 
she came along as if there were not any there at all. I looked 
at her now and then, but when I had walked some distance and got 
to a cutting in the road, which hid her from my view, I thought it 
was wrong to let the lass go and trudge through the bog, and that 
I ought to run up on the bank and shout to her that she had 
gone astray from the road. Well, I did so, but there was nothing 
to be seen but the moon, which was reflected from every pool on the 
bog, and then I guessed it must have been the huldre I had seen." 

Although I thought he had scarcely seen sufficient to satisfy 
himself that this was the huldre, I kept my doubts to myself, as I 
could see that any objections on my part would not shake his 
belief, but only silence him. I asked him, therefore, if he had not 
seen similar apparitions on other occasions. 

" Yes, of course I have ; I have seen a great many things, and 
I have heard many strange noises and sounds in w ods and 
glens/' said Matthias; "I have often heard talking, cursing, and 
singing ; at other times I have heard such lovely music that I 
cannot tell you how lovely it was. Well, once I went out bird- 
calling ; it must have been in the end of August, because the 
bilberries were ripe and the cranberries were just beginning to 
redden. I was sitting by a path on a tussock between some 
bushes, whence I could overlook the path and a little valley to 
which it led down, and where nothing but l : ng and heather grew. 
At the foot of the hill you could see the mouths of several dark 
caverns. I heard a grey hen cackling among the ling ; I called and 
thought, ' If I could get a sight of you now, it would be your last 
cackle ; ' just then I heard something moving behind me on the path. 
I looked round and saw an old man, but strange to say he appeared 
to have three legs ; one of them hung and swung backwards and 



Matthias the Hunter's Stories. 29 

forwards between the other two as he walked down the path ; but 
he didn't walk exactly, he appeared to be gliding down the side 
of the mountain, till he vanished in one of the darkest caves 
down in the valley. I was not the only one who had seen him, 
because directly afterwards a grey hen came creeping out from 
behind a tussock, with her head on one side and her neck stretched 
out, looking cautiously in the direction of the old man, but then, 
you may guess, in another moment I had the gun up, and bang, 
there she lay flapping her wings. 

"So much for that; but another time at home in Laskerud,  it 
wasn't very long after I had seen the huldre walking over the bog, 
a Christmas eve, it was  my brothers and I were at play on the 
side of a hill, making snow-men and sliding down the slope on sledges. 
They used to say there were fairies in that hill, I must tell you I 
Well, we were playing and running about as you know children can 
do. My youngest brother was only four or five years old, but he 
romped about and shouted and enjoyed himself thoroughly. It 
was getting very late, when all of a sudden somebody in the hill 
shouted : ' Go home now." But we did not go ; we thought it was 
still very early. Before long, however, we heard another shout, 
 Go home at once now.' ' Just listen/ said my youngest brother,  
he hadn't sense enough to know that he shouldn't take notice of 
their shouting,  ' they are shouting to us over in the hill to go home.' 
We did not stop playing, however, but kept on sliding down the hill 
on our sledges, when we suddenly heard a shout which made our 

ears ring : ' If you don't go home this moment, I'll ' We 

didn't hear any more, for we took to our heels and ran as fast as 
our legs could carry us, and didn't stop till we were outside our 
own door. 

" Some time after this,  we were all grown up by that time,  I 
and my brother were coming home one Sunday morning, after having 
been out all night fishing, when we all at once heard some hounds 
giving tongue over in the Solberg Wood. It sounded fine, I can tell 
you 1 Well, I was tired and went in to lie down, but my brother 
thought it was such a fine morning, that he would stay up and 
listen to the dogs. All at once they ceased, so he went over there. 



3o Matthias the Hunter's Stories. 



thinking be might come across the track of the hare and start it 
again. But when he came to a clearing in the wood, where the 
trees had been cut down, he discovered right before him a big, fine 
house, painted red, with the windows and the doors all askew. 
He wondered what building this could be ; he had never seen it 
before, and he thought he was well acquainted with those parts. 
Before the house was a big bog, but he thought he would walk 
across and have a look at the house. There were no people to be 
seen. He thought he would go home and tell me about it and get 
me to go with him." 

" It was a great pity," said I, "that he didn't throw steel, or fire 
his gun over the house,  I suppose he had a gun with him,  because 
by the time you came back, I suppose it was all gone ? " 

" You are right," said Matthias, " it was a pity he didn't fire 
into it. Had I been there, I should have done so, but he lost his 
senses entirely. But just listen, and you'll hear he fared worse 
than you would expect. When he got half way across the bog, 
he met such a lot of people that he had to elbow his way through 
them. They were scantily clothed, and all were going north. But 
he had scarcely pushed his way through the crowd, when they 
turned round upon him and felled him to the ground, where he 
was lying when my sisters came past on their way to bring the 
cow home in the evening. There he was lying with both his 
fists clenched and thrust into his face, which was quite black, and the 
froth was foaming out of his mouth. They were terribly frightened, 
you may guess, but they got him home at last, and laid him on a 
bench, and then they fetched me. As soon as I saw him I guessed 
what was the matter with him. I knew only of one way to get 
him round. I took my gun down from the wall and I fired it 
lengthwavs over him, but although that's considered a good thing, he 
didn't move any more than that beam there, which the Gjerdrum 
people have placed across the road. He was as dead as a stone, 
he was! Oh. ho!' thought I, and loaded the gun again. 
 Come and give me a hand, lasses,' said I, ' and let us put him 
whore vou found him. It's no use trying here.' We did so, 
and I 'fired again, and no mistake, he woke that time. If he 



Matthias the Hunter's Stories. 33 



didn't jump up the moment I fired the gun over him, may I never 
leave this spot alive ! He glared and stared about him so horribly, 
that we were almost afraid of him. We took him home again, but 
he was poorly, and was so queer and frightful-looking afterward?, 
you would scarcely believe it He would remain standing in one 
place, staring right before him, as if his eyes would start out of his 
head ; he wouldn't eat anything, and he would never speak to 
anybody unless they spoke to him first. He was bewitched, 
he was. But it began to wear off by and by, and it was only 
then he told us how it all happened. 

" Those are the times I have seen such things," said Matthias. 

" Have you never seen the brownie ? " I asked. 

" Yes, of course I have," answered Matthias, speaking with the 
greatest conviction ; " when I was at home with my parents at 
Laskerud, where we had one in the house. I have only seen him 
once. One fine moonlight evening after we youngsters were gone 
to bed, my father went out to take a turn round the yard, when 
he saw a lad sitting on the barn-bridge, dangling his legs and 
looking up at the moon, just as if he did not sec the old man. 
' You had better go in and go to bed now, Matthias,' said my 
father, for he thought it was me ; 'and don't sit there and stare at 
the moon at this time of night ! ' But in the same moment the lad 
vanished, and when my father came in and asked for me, he found 
me a-bed, snoring hard." 

" But it was about the time when I saw him mvself that I was 
going to tell you. It was just about a year after I had been 
confirmed, when I one Saturday afternoon had been to town with 
a cartload of planks. I had had something to drink during the 
day ; and as soon as I came home I lay down. Towards evening I 
got up and had something to cat  it wasn't much, because I still felt 
giddy and queer in my head  when my father said to me : ' You 
had better give the horse his fodder before you go to bed again. 
I suppose the others are out running after the lasses." 

" I went into the stable first to see to the horse, and found him 
neighing and waiting for his hay, so I went up into the hay-loft for 
an armful, but as I put out my hands I caught hold of something 

D 



34 



Matthias the Hunter's Stories. 



hairy, like the ears of a dog, and the next moment I saw two eyes, 
red as (ire, glaring at me out of the darkness. I thought it could 
not be anything else but a dog, so I gave it a kick and sent it flying 
into the barn below, where I heard it fall with a heavy thud. 
When I had foddered the horse, I went into the barn and took 
the handle of an old rake to chase the dog out with. I looked 




and searched, but there was no dog or any trace of it, although 
then; wasn't a hole big enough for a squirrel to escape through. 
I went up into the hay-loft, but there was no dog there either, but 
just as I was going out I fell, as if some one had struck the legs 
rij;lit from under me, and I rolled head over heels down the bam- 
liridge as I never had done before. When I got on my legs again, 



Matthias the Hunter's Stories. 



35 



there was the brownie standing in the door, screaming with laughter 
till his red cap shook." 

In this manner Matthias kept on telling about fairies, huldres, 
and brownies, till we came to Kulrudsaas, whence we could 
see the large plains of Upper Romerike, spread out before us and 
bathed in the clear moonlight ; to the north rose the Mist berg 
mountain in a bluish mist, with a few patches of snow here and 
there. Straight down before me were the Heni and Gjerdrum 
churches. These were sufficient landmarks for me, and as I was 
well-known in the district from having formerly shot over it, I 
bade my guide farewell, and was fortunate enough to reach my 
destination without being teazed by the brownies, or tempted 
by the huldres. 



D 2 




THE LAD AND THE DEVIL 

ONCE upon a time there was a lad, who went along a road 
cracking nuts. He happened to find one which was worm-eaten, 
and shortly afterwards he met the devil. " Is it true," said the lad, 
"what they say, that the devil can make himself as small as he 
likes, and go through a pin-hole ? " " Yes, of course," answered the 
devil. " Well, let me see you do it ; creep into this nut if you can," 
said the lad. And the devil did it. But he had no sooner got 
through the worm-hole, than the lad put a small peg in the hole. 
" I have got you safe, now," he said, and put the nut in his pocket. 
When he had walked some distance he came to a smithy. He went 
in there and asked the smith if he would crack that nut for him. 
"Yes, that's easily. done," said the smith, and took the smallest 



The Lad and the Devil. 



39 



hammer he had, laid the nut on the anvil, and gave it a blow, but it 
didn't break. So he took a somewhat bigger hammer, but that 
wasn't heavy enough either ; then he took a still bigger one, but 
no,  the nut would not break. This made the smith angry, and he 
seized the big sledge-hammer. "I shall soon make bits of you," 
he said, and he gave the nut such ablowthat.it went into a thousand 
pieces, and sent half the roof of the smithy flying in the air. Such 
a crash ! just as if the hut were tumbling together. 

" I think the devil was in the nut," said the smith. 

" So he was," said the lad- 





THE MAN WHO WAS GOING TO MIND 
THE HOUSE. 



There was once upon a time a man who was always cross and 
surly, and he was always telling his wife that she didn't do enough. 



The Man who was going to mind the House. 41 

of work in the house. So one evening in the hay-making time 
he came home and began to scold and swear all over the house. 
" Dear me, don't get into such a temper," said the gudewife ; "to- 




morrow we will try and change our work. I'll go with the mowers 
and mow the hay, and you can stop at home and mind the house." 
Yes, the husband rather liked that, and he was quite willing for 
his part Early next morning the gudewife took a scythe on 



4-* Tiik Man who was going to mind the House. 



her shoulder, and went out in the fields with the hay-mowers to 
mow. Hut the man was to do the work in the house. 

He thought he would churn the butter first of all, but when he 
had churned a while, he became thirsty and went down into the 
cellar to draw sou.e beer. While he was busy fillfog the bowl, 
he hoard that the pig had got into the room above. Away he ran 
up the cellar stairs with the tap in his hand, just to see the pig 
didn't upset the churn, but when he saw that the pig had already 
knocked the churn over, and stood there licking up the fine 
cream, which was running over the floor, he got so furiously wild 
that he forgot the beer-barrel and turned round on the pig. He 
got hold of it in the doorway and gave it such a tremendous kick* 
that it killed the poor pig on the spot. All at once he remembered 
the tap he had in his hand, but when he went down into the cellar, 
all the beer had run out of the barrel. 

He then went into the larder, and found cream enough to fill 
the churn again, and so he commenced churning once more, for 
butter he would have bv dinner-time. When he had churned 
some time he recollected that the cow, which they kept at 
home, hadn't been let out of the cow-house, and hadn't had 
a straw of hay or anything to drink, although it was late in the 
daw He thought it was too far to take the cow to the field 
where she generally grazed, so it struck him he would put her 
on the roof : the cottage had a turf-roof, and there was a splendid 
crop of gra&lt;s growing there. The cottage lay close to a steep 
l.tt'.e Iv/.l. and if he placed a plank between this and the roof, 
he thought he could easily get the cow up there. But he could 
rv: leave the chum very well, because the baby was crawling 
,;;v;:t en the floor and he thought the child might easily upset it. 
le took therefore the churn on his back and went out, but he 
te.eu^ht he had better water the cow first, before he put her 
v :i the roof. So he took a bucket to get some water from the 
^e'l . V;.t as ho stoo;x\l down to pull the bucket up, all the 
cvv\w % tan oat of the churn over his neck and down into the well. 
t: *e^:a soon bo oinner-timc, and still he hadn't got any butter, 
so he tho-icht he had better boil the porridge for dinner, and 



The Man who was going to mind the House. 43 



hung a pot 
with water over 
the fire. When 
he had done 
this, he began 
to feel afraid 
that the cow 
might fall off 
the roof and 
break her legs 
or her neck, so 
he went up on 
the roof to tie 
her up. The' 
one end of the 
rope he tied 
round the neck 
of the cow, and 
the other he let 
down the chim- 
ney and tied 
round his leg 
when he came 
down, for the 
water was boil- 
ing already, 
and he must 
put the oatmeal 
in and begin to 
make the por- 
ridge. While 
he was stirring 
it, the cow fell 
off the roof 
and dragged 
the man up 




44 The Man who was going to mind the House. 

the chimney by the rope which was tied to his leg; there he stuck, 
and the cow hung outside against the wall between heaven and earth, 
for she could neither get up nor down. The gudewifc had waited 
in seven lengths and seven breadths for her husband to come and 
call the people home to dinner; but she saw no sign of him, so 
she thought at last she would wait no longer, but go home. 
When she saw the cow hanging so awkwardly, she went at once 
and cut the rope with her scythe, but at the same moment her 
husband came down the chimney, and when the gudewife went 
inside he was standing on his head in the porridge pot 





THE CORMORANTS OF UDROST. 



Bright, mid the skerries of the Western sea 

An island rides upon the wave. Yet none 

May know its beauty; lor if mortal ship 

By chance shoul I drift too near th' enchanted shore 

A curt. in of dark mist en lirouds the isle. 

No eye can see its brightness, and no loot 

May leive its print upon the golden fields. 

'Tis hut in fanjy he who dwells a hore 

May picture, in the longings of his dreams. 

This fairy jewel of the Western sea. 



When the fishermen in the north of Norway come to land, they 
often find straw stuck between the rudder and the stem-post, or 
grain in the stomach of the fish. It is then said, that they have 
sailed over Udrost or some of the other fairy-lands, about which so 



4 6 



The Cormorants of Udrost. 



many legends arc told in the north. These fairy-lands are only seen: 
by very pious people or by those who are gifted with second 
sight, when in danger of their lives at sea, and they appear where 
at other times no land is to be found. The supernatural people 
who live here have farms and keep cattle, fish and own ships, like 
other folks, but here the sun shines on greener pastures and richer 
corn fields than .elsewhere in the north ; and fortunate, indeed, is he 
who has landed on or even has seen one of these sunny isles ;  " he 
is a made man," say the people in the north. An old ballad, in 
the style of Peder Dass, gives a full description of an island 
off Traenen in Helgoland, called Sandflaesen, with rich fisheries 
and abounding with game of all sorts. In the middle of the 
Vestford a large flat land with rich corn fields also appears, 
but it only rises high enough above the surface of the water 
to leave the ears of the corn dry ; and outside Rost, off the 
southern point of the Lofoten islands, a similar fairy land with 
green hills and golden barley fields is spoken of, which is called 
Udrost. The farmer on Udrost owns his fishing-smack just like 
any other farmer in the north ; sometimes the fishermen see it 
under full sails, and steering right down upon them, but just as. 
they expect to be run down, it disappears. 



On Vcxro, not far from Rost, lived once a poor fisherman r 
whose name was Isaac. All he possessed was a boat and a 
couple of goats, which his wife managed to keep alive on fish- 
offal, and the few stray wisps of grass to be found on the neigh- 
bouring cliffs ; but he had a whole cottage full of hungry 
children. But still Isaac seemed always to be satisfied with 
the lot Providence had ordained for him. His only complaint 
was, that he could never be left in peace by his neighbour, 
who was a well-to-do man, and fancied that he ought to have 
everything better than such riff-raff as Isaac. He wanted. 



The Cormorants of Udrost. 



47 



therefore, to get rid of Isaac that he might have the harbour in 
front of Isaac's cottage. 

One day when Isaac was out fishing a good many miles 
out at sea a thick, dark fog came upon him, and before long 
a tremendous gale broke loose, and raged with such a fury 
that he had to throw all the fish overboard to lighten the boat 
and so save his life. 

Still it was no easy task to keep the boat afloat ; but he knew 
well how to handle his little craft, and how to steer her among 




the heavy seas, which every moment threatened to swamp her. 
When he had been sailing at this rate for five or six hours, he 
thought he ought soon to sight land somewhere. But hour after 
hour passed and the storm and the thick fog got worse and worse. 
Then it dawned upon him that he must be steering right out to 
sea, or that the wind had shifted ; and at last he felt sure that 
he must have guessed right, for he sailed and sailed, but saw 
no sign of land. All of a sudden he heard a terrible scream ahead, 
and he thought it must be the bogie singing his dirge. He 
prayed for his wife and children, for he knew now that his last 



48 The Cormorants of UdrOst. 



hour had come ; but while he sat and prayed he caught sight 
of something black, and as he came nearer he saw it was only three 
cormorants sitting on a piece of drift-wood ; the next moment he 
had sailed past them. So the time wore on, and he began to 
feel so thirsty and so hungry and so tired that he did not for the 
life of him know what to do. He sat half asleep with the tiller in 
his hand, when all at once the boat grated against the beach and 
ran aground. Isaac was not long in getting his eyes open. The 
sun was breaking through the fog and shone upon a splendid 
country ; the hills and the cliffs were green right to the top, with 
meadows and cornfields on the slopes, and he thought he felt a 
scent of flowers and grass which he never had felt before. 

" The Lord be praised/' said Isaac to himself. " I am safe now ; 
this must be Udrost." Straight before him was a field of barley with 
ears so large and full that he had never seen their like, and through 
this field a narrow path led up to a green turf-roofed hut at the 
other end of the cornfield. On the roof of the hut was a white 
goat with gilt horns, grazing ; its udder was as large as the largest 
cow's. Outside the hut sat a little old man on a wooden stool, 
smoking a cutty-pipe. He was dressed in blue, and had a full 
long beard which reached down to his waist. 

" Welcome to Udrost, Isaac ! " said the old man. 

" Thank you ! " answered Isaac. " You know me then ? " 

" Perhaps I do," said the man. " You want to stop here to- 
night, I suppose? " 

" Well, if I might I should like nothing better," said Isaac. 

" It's rather awkward with those sons of mine," said the old 
man ; " they don't like the smell of Christians. Have you not met 
them ? " 

" No, I have met nothing but three cormorants, which were 
sitting on a b.'t of drift-wood screeching." 

" Yes, those were my sons, those were," said the old man, as he 
knocked the ashes out of his pipe. " You had better go inside in 
the meantime. I suppose you are both hungry and thirsty?" 

" Thanks for your offer, my friend," said Isaac. But when the 
man opened the door, he found it was such a fine and grand place 



The Cormorants of Udrost. 49 



inside, that he was quite taken aback. He had "never seen any- 
thing like it before. The table was covered with the most splendid 
dishes, sea perch and sour cream, venison and cod-liver stew with 
treacle and cheese, heaps of cakes, brandy, beer and mead, in fact, 
everything that was good. Isaac ate and drank as much as he 
was able, but still his plate never became empty, and. although he 
drank a good deal, his glass was always full. The old man did 
not eat much, and he did not speaK much either ; but just as they 
were sitting, they heard a scream and a great noise outside. 
The old man went out, and soon came back with his three sons. 
Isaac felt just a little queer when they came in, but the old man 
must have been telling them to behave themselves, for they were 
kind and pleasant enough. They said he must follow their custom 
and sit down and drink wkh them, for Isaac was going to leave 
the table ; he had been doing very well, he said. But he did 
as they wished, and they drank glass after glass, and now and then 
they took a pull at the beer and the mead. They became good 
friends and got on very well together. Isaac must go fishing a 
trip or two with them, they said, so that he could have something 
to take home with him when he went away. 

The first trip they made was in a terrible gale. One of the 
sons was steering, the other held the sheet, and the third son 
was 'midships, while Isaac bailed out the water with a big scoop 
until the perspiration ran down his back in big drops. They 
sailed as if they were stark mad ; they never took in a reef in the 
sail, and when the seas filled the boat, they sailed her up on the 
back of a wave till she stood nearly on end, the water rushing out 
over her stern as out of a spout. Shortly the storm abated; and 
they commenced to fish. The fish were so thickly packed, 
that the lead could not reach the bottom. The young men 
from Udrost hauled in one fish after another, and Isaac had 
also plenty of bites, but he had brought his own fishing tackle 
with him, and every time he got a fish as far as the gunwale 
it got off; he did not catch as much as the tail of one. When 
the boat was full, they sailed home to Udrost. The sons cut up 
the fish, and cleaned them and hung them up across some poles to 

 



50 The Cormorants of Udrost. 

thy, but Isaac could only complain of his bad fortune to the old man, 
who promised him better luck next time and gave him a couple of 
fish-hooks. The next time they went out fishing Isaac caught 
as much fish as the others, and when they came ashore and hung 
up thtir fish, he had three long poles full for his share. 

Isaac soon began to feel homesick, and when he was leaving the 
old man made him a present of a new eight-oared boat, filled with 
bags of flour, canvas, and other useful things, for which Isaac 
tendered his best thanks. The old man told him to come back 
again by the time the fishing smacks were about to start for their 
yearly trips to Bergen, where he was going himself with a cargo, 
and Isaac could go with him and sell his fish. Yes, Isaac would 
be pleased to do that, and asked what course he was to steer when 
he sailed for Udrost again. 

" Straight after the cormorants, when they fly to sea, M said the 
man. " That's your right course, and a safe journey to you ! " 

But when Isaac had shoved off from the shore and turned round 
to give his friends a farewell look, Udrost was not to be seen any 
more ; he saw only the open sea far and near. 

When the time came for the smacks to start Isaac arrived at 
Udrost. But such a smack as the old man had Isaac had never 
seen before ; it was two cables long, and the mate, who stood 
forward on the look out. could not shout loud enough to make 
himself heard by the man at the helm. They had therefore to 
station another :vaa amidships close to the mast, and he had to sing 
out to the man at the helm, and even then he had to shout as 
loud as he couJd to make himself heard. Isaac's share of the 
car&gt;;o was stowed toward in the smack ; he took the fish down of 
the jvlos himself, but he could not make out how it came to pass, 
tor as wn as he took the fish off the poles, they were full of 
new fish a-ain, and when they sailed, there was just as much 
fish as when he came. When he came to Bergen, he sold his fish, 
and cot so much money, that he bought a new smack, with cargo 
and everything that was wanted for a good outfit, just as the 
old man had advised him to da Late in the evening before he 
w is ^i&lt;v* to sail, the old man came on board to him and asked 



The Cormorants of Udrost. 



5i 



him not to forget those whom his neighbour had left behind 
him, when he was lost at sea, and then- he prophesied Isaac 
good luck with his smack. 

" Everything on board is sound and good, and you may be sure 
that all aloft will stand," said he, meaning that there would always 
be one on board whom nobody could see, who at a pinch would put 
his back to the mast and steady it. Isaac was always very 
successful after that time. He knew well where his good luck came 
from, and he never forgot to provide well for the man who kept 
watch on board when the smack was laid up for the winter, and 
every Christmas Eve there was such a glare of light from the smack 
that it could be seen afar off, and then you could hear the sound 
of fiddles and music, and laughter, and merriment, while there was 
dancing going on in the cabin of the smack. 




THE GIANT WHO HAD NO HEART. 




There was once upon a 
time a king who had seven 
sons. He loved them all 
so much that he could never 
do without them all at once ; 
one had always to be with him. When they were grown up, six of 
them set out to woo. But the father kept the youngest son at 
home, and for him the others were to bring back a princess to the 
palace. The king gave the six the finest clothes you ever set your 



The Giant who had no Heart. 55 

eyes upon, and you could see the glitter of them a long way off, 
and each had his own horse, which cost many, many hundred 
dollars, and so they set out on the journey. 

After having been to many royal palaces and seen all the 
princesses there, they came at last to a king who had six daughters ; 
such lovely princesses they had never seen, and so each of them 
began wooing one of the six sisters, and when they had got them 
for sweethearts, they set out for home again ; but they quite forgot 
to bring a princess with them for Ashiepattlc, 1 who was left 
at home, so busy were they making love to their sweethearts. 

When they had journeyed a good bit of the way, they passed 
close to the side of a steep mountain, where there was a giant's 
castle. As soon as the giant saw them, he came out and turned 
them all, princes and princesses, into stone. But the king waited 
and waited for his six sons, but no sons came. He was very sad, 
and said that he should never be glad again. " Had you not been 
left to me," he said to Ashiepattle, " I should not care to live any 
longer. I am so sad because I have lost your brothers."  " But I 
have been thinking to ask for leave to set out and find them, 
I have," said Ashiepattle.  " No, I cannot let you go," said his 
father ; " I shall lose you as well." But Ashiepattle would go, and 
he begged and prayed till the king gave him leave to go. The 
king had no other horse to give him but an old jade, for his 
six brothers and their men had taken all the other horses, 
but Ashiepattlc did not mind that ; he mounted the shabby 
old nag. 

"Good-bye, father," said he to the king, "I shall come back, 
sure enough, and who knows but I shall have my six brothers 
with me as well," and off he started. 

Well, when he had got a bit on his way, he came to a raven, 
which was lying in the road flapping his wings, and was unable to 
get out of his way, it was so famished. " Oh, dear friend, give me 
something to eat, and I will help you in your utmost need," said 
the raven.  "Very little food have I," said the prince, "and you 

1 The favourite hero of most Norwegian fairy 'tales is called " Askeladen," a 
sort of a male " Cinderella," and is always the youngest son of the family. 



56 ' The Giant who had no Heart. 

don't look as if you could help mc much cither, but a little I must 
give you, for you want it badly, I sec," and then he gave the raven 
some of the food lie had with him. When he had travelled some 
distance further, he came to a stream. There he saw a big salmon, 
which hud got ashore and was dashing and knocking himself about 
and could not get into the water again. " Oh, dear friend ! help 
me into the water again," said the salmon to the prince, "and 
I will help you in your utmost need."  "I don't suppose it can be 
much of a help you can give mc," said the prince, " but it is a pity 
you should lie there and very likely perish," so he shoved the fish 
into the stream again. So he travelled a long, long way, till he met 
a wolf, which was so famished that he was only able to drag 
himself along the road. " Dear friend, give me your horse," sa : d 
the wolf. " I am so hungry, I hear the wind whistling in my 
empty stomach. I have had nothing to eat for two years."  " No," 
said Ashicpattle, " 1 can't do it ; first I came to a raven which I 
had to give all my food to ; then I came to a salmon which I had 
to help back into the water ; and now you want my horse. But 
that is impossible, for then I should have nothing to ride upon."  
"Yea, yes, my friend, but you must help mc," said the wolf, "you 
can ride on mc instead ; I shall help you again in your utmost 
need."  "Well, the help you can give me will not be great ; but I 
suppose you must have the horse then, since you are so needy," 
said the prince. And when the wolf had finished the horse 
Ashiepattlc took the bridle and put the bit in the wolf's mouth 
and the saddle on his back, and the wolf felt now so strong and 
well after what he had had to eat, that he set off with the prince as 
if he were nothing at all ; Ashicpattle had never ridden so fast before. 
"When we get a little bit further I will show you a giint's 
castle," said the wolf, and in a little while they came there. " Sec, 
here is the giant's castle," said the wolf again, " and there you see 
all your six brothers, whom the giant has turned into stone, and 
there are their six brides. Over yonder is the door of the castle, and 
you must go in there."-  " I dare not," said the prince, "the giant 
will kill me."  "Not at all," answered the wolf; "when you go 
in there you will meet a princess. She will tell you what to do to 



The Giant who had no Heart. 57 



make an end of the giant. Only do as she tells you." Well, 
Ashiepattle went into the castle, but to tell the truth he felt rather 
afraid. When he got inside, he found the giant was out ; but in 
a chamber sat the princess, just as the wolf had said. Such a lovely 
maiden Ashiepattle had never seen before. 

" Good heavens ! what has brought you here ? " said the princess, 
as soon as she saw him. " It's sure to be your death ; no one 
can kill the giant who lives here, for he hasn't got any heart." 
 " But now when I am here, I suppose I had better try my 
strength with him," said Ashiepattle, " and I must sec if I can't 
release my brothers who arc standing outside here, turned into 
stone, and I will try to save you as well."  " Well, since you will 
stop, we must try and do the best we can," said the princess. 
" You must creep under the bed over there and listen well to what 
he says when I speak with him, and be sure to lie as quiet as 
you can." 

So Ashiepattle crept under the bed, and no sooner had he done 
so than the giant came home. il Ugh, what a smell of Christian 
blood there is here," shouted the giant.  " Yes, a magpie flew over 
the house with a man's bone and let it fall down the chimney," 
said the princess ; " I made haste to throw it out, but the smell 
doesn't go away so soon." So the giant said no more about it, 
and when evening came, they went to bed. When they had lain 
a while, the princess said : " There is one thing I wanted so very 
much to ask you about, if I only dared."  "Well, what can that 
be ? " asked the giant.  " I should so like to know where your 
heart is, since you don't carry it about you," said the princess.  
" Oh, that's a thing you needn't know anything about," said the 
giant, " but if you must know, it's under the stone slab in front of 
the door."  "Ah, ha I we shall soon see if we can't find that," said 
Ashiepattle to himself under the bed. 

Next morning the giant got up very early and set out for the 
wood, but no sooner was he out of sight than Ashiepattle and the 
princess commenced looking for the heart under the door-slab, but 
although they dug and searched all they could, they could not 
find anything. " He has made a fool of me this time," said the 



The Giant who had no Heart. 



princess; "but I must try him again." So she picked all the 
prettiest flowers she could find and strewed them over the door- 
slab, which they put in its right place again. When the time 
came for the giant to return home, Ashicpattle crept under the 
bed, and he had scarcely got well under before the giant came in. 
" Ugh, what a smell of Christian blood there is here," screamed the 
giant  " Yes, a magpie flew over the house and dropped a man's 
bone down the chimney," said the princess; "I made haste to 
clear it away, but I suppose the smell hasn't gone away yet."  
So the giant said no more about it, but in a little while he asked 
who it was that had been strewing flowers around the door-slab. 
" Why, I, of course," said the princess.  " And what's the meaning 
of it?" asked the giant.  "Well, you know I am so fond of you," 
said the princess, "that I couldn't help doing it when I knew that 
your heart was lying under there."  "Ah, indeed," said the giant, 
" but it isn't there after all." 

When they had gone to bed in the evening, the princess asked 
again where his heart was, because she was so very fond of him, 
she said, that she would so like to know it. " Oh, it's over in the 
cupboard on the wall there," said the giant.  Ah, ha, thought both 
Ashiepattle and the princess, we will soon try to find it Next 
morning the giant was early out of bed, and made for the wood 
again, but the moment he was gone Ashicpattle r.nd the princess 
were looking in the cupboard for the heart, but they looked and 
searched and found no heart. " Well, we must try once more," 
said the princess. She hung flowers and garlands around the 
cupboard, and when the evening came Ashiepattle crept under the 
bed again. Shortly the giant came in. " Ugh, Ugh ! " he roared, 
"what a smell of Christian blood there is here."  "Yes, a magpie 
flew past here just now, and dropped a man's bone down the 
chimney," said the princess ; " I made haste to throw it out, but I 
suppose that's what you still smell." When the giant heard this, 
be said no more about it; but as soon as he saw the cupboard 
decked out with flowers and garlands, he asked who it was that 
had done that. It was the princess, of course. "But what's the 
caning of all this foolery ? " asked the giant.  " Well, you know 



The Giant who had no Heart. 



S9 



how fond I am of you," said the princess ; " I couldn't help doing 
it, when I knew your heart was there."  " How can you be so 
foolish to believe it ? " said the giant.  " Well, how can I help be- 
lieving it when you say so 1 " answered the princess.  " Oh, you are 
a foolish creature," said the giant, 
"you can never go where my heart 
is ! "  " Ah, well," said the prin- 
cess, " but I should like to know 
for all that where it is."  So the 
giant could not refuse to tell her 
any longer, and he said : " Far, far 
away in a lake !ies an island,  
on that island stands a church,  
in. that church there is a well,  
in that well swims a duck,  in that 
duck there is an egg,  and in the 
e gg  well, there is my heart." 

Early next morning, almost be- 
fore the dawn of day, the giant 
set out foi the wood again. " Well, 
I suppose I had better start as 
well," said Ashiepattlc ; " I wish 
1 only knew the way!" He said 
farewell to the princess for a time, 
and when he came outside the 
castle there was the wolf still wait- 
ing for him. He told the wolf 
what had happened inside, and 
that he was now going to set out 
for the well in the church, if he 
only knew the way. The wolf 
asked him to jump on his back, 
 he would try and find the way, 

sure enough, he said, and away they went over hills and mountains, 
over fields and valleys, while the wind whistled about them. When 




6o The Giant who had no Heart. 



they had travelled many, many days, they came at last to the lake. 
The prince d:d not know how he should get across it ; but the wolf 
asked him only not to be afraid, and then he plunged into the 
water with the prince on his bick and swam across to the island. 
When they came to the church, they found the key for the 
church-door banging high, high up on the steeple, and at first the 
young prince did not know how to get hold of it " You will have 
to call the raven, 1 " sa : d the wol which the prince did. The raven 
came at once, and flew up for the key, and so the prince got inside 
the church. When he came to the well, the duck was there sure 
enough. It was swimming about just as the giant had said. He 
commenced calling and calling, and at last he lured her up to him 
and caught her. But just as he was lifting her out of the water, 
the duck let the egg fall in the well ; and Ashiepattle didn't know 
how to get it up again. " You had better call the salmon," said 
the wolf, which the prince did. The salmon came and fetched the 
egg from the bottom of the well. The wolf then told him to 
squeeze the egg, and as soon as Ashiepattle squeezed it, they 
heard the giant screaming. " Squeeze it once more," said the wolf, 
and when the prince did so, the giant screamed still more pitcously, 
and prayed so nicely and gently for himself; he would do all the 
prince wished, *if he only wouldn't squeeze his heart to pieces.  
* Tell him, that if he will give you back again alive your six 
brothers and their brides, which he turned into stone, you will 
srare his life," said the wolf, and Ashiepattle did so. Yes, the 
Ciant would do that at once., and he restored the six princes and 
The six princesses to life." Now, squeeze the egg to pieces," said 
the wolf. Ashiepattle squeezed it flat between his hands, and the 

i^iant burst. 

So when Ashiepattle had got rid of the giant, he rode back 
a$ain on his friend, the wolf, to the giant's castle, and there stood 
all hi six brothers and their brides, all alive, and then Ashiepattle 
wont into the mountain for his own bride, and they all set out for 
their home, the royal palace. The old king was pleased, I can 
toll you, when all his seven sons came back, each with his bride. 



The Giant who had no Heart. 



61 



" But the loveliest of the princesses is Ashiepattle's bride after 
all," said the king, 'and he shall sit at the top of the table 
with her. " 

And then the wedding came off, and the king gave a grand 
feast which lasted for many a day, and if they have not done 
feasting by this, why they are still at it. 



THE PANCAKE. 



u 



it 



Once upon a time there was a good housewife, who had seven 
hungry children. One day she was busy frying pancakes for 
them, and this time she had used new milk in the making of 
them. One was lying in the pan, frizzling away  ah ! so beautiful 
and thick,  it was a pleasure to look at it. The children were 
standing round the fire, and the gcodman sat in the corner 
and looked on. 

" Oh, give me a bit of pancake, mother, I am so hungry ! " 
said one child. 

"Ah, do! dear mother/' said the second. 

" Ah, do ! dear, good mother," said the third. 
Ah, do ! dear, good, kind mother," said the fourth. 
Ah, do! dear, good, kind, nice mother," said the fifth. 

" Ah, do ! dear, good, kind, nice, sweet mother," said the 
sixth. 

"Ah, do! dear, good, kind, nice, sweet, darling mother," said 
the seventh. And thus they were all begging for pancakes, the 
one more prettily than the other, because they were so hungry, 
and such good little children. 

" Yes, children dear, wait a bit till it turns itself," she answered 
 she ought to have said "till I turn it"  "and then you shall 
all have pancakes, beautiful pancakes, made of new milk,  only 
look how thick and happy it lies there." 

When the pancake heard this, it got frightened, and all of a 
sudden, it turned itself and wanted to get out of the pan, 
but it fell down in it again on the other side, and when it had 



The Pancake. 



65 



been fried a little on that side too, it felt a little stronger in 
the back, jumped out on the floor, and rolled away, like a wheel, 
right through the door and down the road. 

" Halloo ! " cried the goodwife, and away she ran after it, with 
the frying-pan in one hand and the ladle in the other, as fast 
as she could, and the children behind her, while the goodman 
came limping after, last of all. 

" Halloo, won't you stop ?  Catch it, stop it. Halloo there ! " 
they all screamed, the one louder than the other, trying to catch 
it on the run, but the pancake rolled and rolled, and before 
long, it was so far ahead, that they could not see it, for the 
pancake was much smarter on its legs than any of them. 

When it had rolled a time, it met a man. 

" Good day, pancake ! " said the man. 

" Well met, Manny Panny," said the pancake. 

"Dear pancake," said the man, "don't roll so fast, but wait 
a bit and let me eat you." 

"When I have run away from Goody Poody and the goodman 
and seven squalling children, I must run away from you too, 
Manny Panny," said the pancake, and rolled on and on, till it 
met a hen. 

" Good day, pancake," said the hen. 

"Good day, Ilenny Penny," said the pancake. 

" My dear pancake, don't roll so fast, but wait a bit and let 
me cat you," sa:d the hen. 

" When I have run away from Goody Poody and the goodman 
and seven squalling children, and from Manny Panny, I must 
run away from you too, Hcnny Penny," said the pancake, and 
rolled on like a wheel down the road. Then it met a cock. 

"Good day, pancake," said the cock. 

" Good day, Cocky Locky " said the pancake. 

" My dear pancake, don't roll so fast, but wait a bit and let 
me eat you," said the cock. 

" When I have run away from Goody Poody and the goodman 
and seven squalling children, from Manny Panny, and Henny 
Penny, I must run away from you too, Cocky Locky," said the 

F 



66 The Pancake. 



pancake, and rolled and relied on as fast as it could. When it 
had rolled a long time, it met a duck. 

"Good day, pancake," said the duck. 

" Good day, Ducky Lucky," said the pancake. 

" My dear pancake, don't roll so fast, but wait a bit and let me 
eat you," said the duck. 

" When I have run away from Goody Poody and the goodman 
and sever squalling children, from Manny Panny, and Henny 
Penny, and Cocky Locky, I must run away from you too, Ducky 
Lucky," said the pancake, and with that it fell to rolling and 
rolling as fast as ever it could. When it had rolled a long, long 
time, it met a goose. 

" Good day, pancake," said the goose. 

" Good day, Goosey Poosey," said the pancake. 

" My dear pancake, don't roll so fast, but wait a bit and let me 
cat you," said the goose. 

" When I have run away from Goody Poody and the goodman 
and seven squalling children, and Manny Panny, and Henny 
Penny, and Cocky Locky, and Ducky Lucky, I must run away 
from you too, Goosey Poosey," said the pancake, and away, it 
rolled. So when it had rolled a long, very long time, it met a 
gander. 

" Good day, pancake," said the gander. 

" Good day, Gander Pander," said the pancake. 

" My dear pancake, don't roll so fast, but wait a bit and let me 
cat you," said the gander. 

" When I have run away from Goody Poody and the goodman 
and seven squalling children, and from Manny Panny, and Henny 
Penny, and Cocky Locky, and Ducky Lucky, and Goosey Poosey, 
I must run away from you too, Gander Pander," said the pancake, 
and rolled and rolled as fast as it could. When it had rolled on a 
lon, long time, it met a pig. 

" Good day, pancake," said the pig. 

" Good day, Piggy Wiggy," said the pancake, and began to roll 
on faster than ever. 

11 Nay, wait a bit," said the pig, "you needn't be in such a hurry- 



The Pancake. 



67 



scurry ; we two can walk quietly together and keep each other 
company through the wood, because they say it isn't very safe 
there." 

The pancake thought there might be something in that, and so 
they walked together through the wood ; but when they had gone 
some distance, they came to a brook. 

The pig was so fat it wasn't much trouble lor him to swim across, 
but tile pancake couldn't get over. 

" Sit on my snout," said the pig, " and I will ferry you ovor." 

The pancake did so. 

"Ouf, Ouf," grunted the pig, and swallowed ihc pancake in one 
gulp, and as the pancake couldn't get any farther,  well, you see 
we can't go on with this story any farther, either. 




A DAY WITH THE CAPERCAILZIES. 



Early in May  this was long before the game laws had been 
hatched  we started on our way to Skjcersjohaug, according to 
local tradition the place where we were most likely to see the 
capercailzies and their play. 1 There were four of us,  my friend 
the captain, myself, an old sportsman from Sognedale, called Peter 
Sandaker, and a smart boy, who had charge of two brace of 
hounds. We were to try for a hare, as soon as our sport with the 
capercailzies was over. Down in the valley spring had fairly set 
in, but when we reached the top of the hill, we found snow still 
lying on the ground and in deep drifts in the hollows. The 
evening was still very warm, and the birds in the woods were 
singing in praise of spring. When we came near the Ask Dairy, 2 
where we intended to spend the night, we turned off into Skjoer- 
sjohaug, a hill well known to every sportsman who has roamed 
through these woods. We made for this hill for the purpose of 
finding out where the capercailzies went to roost for the night. 
When we reached the top of the hill we had a fine view before us. 
The sun was about to set, and cast his golden beams across a 
cloudless sky. The landscape before us was not of a friendly or 
inviting character ; dark forests stretched interminably over the 



1 In the pairing season the capercailzie cock stations himself in a fir-tree and 
commences his love song, or " play/' as it is termed in Norway, to attract the 
hens about him. He begins his play with a call something resembling, Pellcr, 
peller, peller, which he repeats at short intervals for about a minute ; he then 
makes a sort of gobble in his throat, and finishes with snapping his beak. During 
the latter part of his performance, his head is thrown up, his eyes are partially 
closed, and his faculties much absorbed. This is the best time to approach him. 

2 In the summer months the Norwegian farmers send their cattle up to their 
mountain pastures, very often many miles from the farmhouses. Each farmer 
has there his " setter n or dairy, a small building where the milk is kept and the 
butter and cheese are made, and where the dairy maid lives during these months. 
For the rest of the vear these dairies are deserted. 



Ml ) 



s.illl 

 '1 1 1 1 


\ l f&amp; 




Hi 


' if' 





iwm\ 



.;'"''' i' ! '&lt; v i;l 




A Day with the Capercailzies. 71 



hills, which surrounded us on all sides as far as the eye could 
reach ; the view was broken only by an ice-bound lake here and 
there amid the extensive bogs. 

We had not been there long after sunset before we heard a 
rushing sound which betrayed the flight of a heavy bird, flying to 
roost in a neighbouring tree. 

"That was no old bird," said the captain with the air of an 
expert, when the bird remained silent after it had roosted. 

Soon afterwards two other capercailzies came sweeping past and 
settled on their roost, likewise in silence, but the next moment we 
heard a fourth bird approaching with a still heavier stroke and a 
still Joudcr rush, and this one commenced snapping its beak as 
soon as it had roosted. 

" That fellow was not born yesterday. He is the cock of the 
walk here," said Peter ; " I shouldn't wonder if it is our old friend 
himself" 

Three more birds came in, and as each took up his roosting 
place, the old bird repeated his challenge by snapping his beak at 
them. Two made no answer, but the third made the same sort of 
snapping sound in reply. 

u He's a stranger," exclaimed Peter, " he does not know the old 
one ; if he did, he would have held his tongue. He'll be sorry for 
it in the morning, believe me, when our old friend finds him out, 
for he is not one to be played with, when he gets his temper up. 
I once saw what a dressing he gave a silly chattering fool, that 
answered his challenge some time before." 

As he spoke, his open weather-beaten face assumed a curious 
grinning expression, which was heightened by some remarkable 
sarcastic folds and wrinkles, evidently called forth by the recollec- 
tion of some mysterious story or another. According to the 
description our captain had given me of Peter Sandakcr once 
when he had dropped behind on the march, he was particularly 
good at telling tales and stories about goblin-birds, doubles, and 
fairies, and had a special fancy for entering into the most minute 
details, whenever he commenced telling about one or the other of 
the e : ghteen bears he had killed in his time. He was very silent, 



72 A Day with the Capercailzies. 



ho v ever, about all those bears, which malicious tongues reported 
he had missed, and which according to the same good authority 
exceeded the number he Jhad shot. 

" But what sort of a fellow is this big, old bird, you are speaking 
about ? " I asked. 

"I'll tell you all about him," said the captain quickly, as we 
started on our way for the dairy. He was apparently afraid that 
this curt, ill-timed question of mine would, after the short ac- 
quaintance I had with Peter, create a suspicion in his mind and 
probably silence him altogether. "I'll tell you about him," con- 
tinued the captain, " there is an old capercailzie cock on this pairing 
ground, which has become the talk of the whole parish,  a sort of 
a goblin-bird in fact. The sportsmen about here call h ; m the 
'bleater/ for instead of sitting quiet on his branch and playing, 
he flies often about between the top of the fir-trees, bleating like a 
goat. Not before this performance is over does he settle down to 
play, and commence gobbling and snapping his beak. Well, that 
kind of playing, there's little sense in, and nobody can come within 
shot of him. lie plays us, however, still oftener another trick, which 
is still worse ; he sits quietly and plays, and he commences his 
gobbling, but when he ought to begin his snapoing, he flies to 
another tree. If anybody by chance happens to hit him, the shot 
has no effect. Our friend Peter here, has shot at him both with 
salt and silver, but although the feathers flew out, he didn't seem 
to take any more notice of the shot than if the charge had been a 
blank one. The next morning he played away as fast as ever and 
out of tune as usual." 

" You might as well shoot at a stone," said Peter, with the 
decisive tone of one fully convinced. " I came across him once," 
he continued, " when he was playing down on the main road to 
Skaug; there he sat in the middle of the road with a lot of hens 
around him t  I counted seven, and there were more round about in 
the wood, for I heard them clucking and calling behind every bush. 
The hens on the ground ran around him, stretched out their necks, 
trailed their wings along the ground and showed themselves off for 
him, but he sat on the ground and preened his feathers, and made 



A Day with the Capercailzies. 73 



himself as fine and haughty as a Spanish count. All at once he 
stuck his tail up and spread it out like a fan, swept the ground 
with his wings, and jumped right up in the a&gt; as high as this. 
Well, I didn't know it was that fellaw, else I would have had a 
shot at him at once ; before he had time to make himself shot-proof, 
but I thought it was great fun to watch him. But while he was in 
the middle of the play, another cock, a big one, though not quite 
as big as the old one, came sweeping down and wanted to join in 
the play. Then came the real fun ! The old one stuck up his tail, 
and his beard stuck out like the teeth in a carding-comb ; he 
snapped and grated his beak, till he set my teeth on edge,  and the  
new comer, he answered the challenge. He was a bold one to be 
sure. But then our old friend rushed at him, and when their beaks 
and wings met, the crash sounded all over the wood. The next 
moment they jumped up at each other and fought with their beaks, 
their wings, and their claws, and they were so wicked that they 
nearly lost all sense and feeling, and I thought I could almost walk- 
up and catch them both with my hands. But at last the old cock 
got hold of the other by the nape of the neck and beat him and 
knocked him about in such a way till I fancied I heard him squeak. 
I couldn't help pitying the poor bird, who was being lugged about 
by the top of his head in this way. The old one crushed him to 
the ground and kept him under him till he almost came sliding out 
over the hillside on top of him, close to where I was standing. 
Then I put up my gun in an instant. There was a report, and the 
strange bird lay dead on the spot, but the old one stuck to him 
and kept pulling at him ; he did not even move his wings. Aha ! 
I thought, if you are so sure in your hold, you shall soon be mine ! 
I loaded again and was just going to take aim at him, when he 
gave himself a shake and flew straight up in the air. If he was 
further than ten steps from me, may I never in my life shoot a 
bird again. 

"Another time I was. up here and* heard, just like to-night, 
where he went to roost in an old fir-tree. I went out early in the 
morning long before there was a bird awake in the woods. But 
when he commenced playing, he did it properly that time. He 



74 A Day with the Capercailzies. 



played away till the tree shook ; he did not forget the gobbling 
and snapping this time, nor did he stir from his place either. 
When he commenced his performance for the fourth time I had 
got within shot of him, he was sitting on one of the lower branches 
close to the trunk of the tree. 

" Now you are mine, thought I, for instead of a bullet I had 
loaded with a silver sixpence, which I had cut up for the purpose. 
But I made a mistake after all ; I had no sooner fired than he flew 
straight away, as if nothing was the matter, although his feathers 
flew out in a cloud. No, the bullet isn't made yet that will kill 
that fellow/' 

11 Anyhow, Peter, we will have another try at him to-morrow," 
said the captain with a somewhat malicious expression. " We 
know where he roosts at any rate." 

" Well, if there were no other birds to be found in the woods, 
one might perhaps tike the trouble to run after him," answered 
Peter in a somewhat angry tone. "But, dear me," he added 

ironically, " if the captain will go after him, so , only I don't 

intend to waste a grain of powder on him. I can only say," he 
continued with an air of simplicity, "that such playing no one has 
heard before. And such a bird ! Why, it's the most remarkable 
bird you ever saw. lie is not like other capercailzies at all ; he is 
at least half as big again, and perhaps more." 

"Yes, you are right, he is a tough old one, scarcely worth 
powder and shot," said the captain ; " his flesh must be as tough 
and bitter as the fir-twig he roosts on. I would, however, like to 
see some one put a bullet through him to get an end to all these 
pranks of his which he so often has played on us. I have been 
after him several times, without being able to get within shot of 
him during the play. Twice, however, have I had a shot at him, 
hut at such a long distance, that there was but little chance of my 
hitting him. It is of course a most foolish thing twice to take a 
long shot in a capercailzie wood, as you know," said the captain, 
appealing to mc ; "but the last time I had no choice, because 
I heard that villa'nous Andreas stalking the bird at the same time. 
He is really, as Peter says, a wonderful bird, this old capercailzie 



A Day with the Capercailzies. 75 

cock ; but," he continued, and gave me a wink, which clearly 
showed his intention of getting some more stories out of Peter, 
"when wc get to the dairy I shall tell you of an adventure I had 




with a hare  a goblin-hare it must have been, which was still more 
remarkable and wonderful than our capercailzie." 

Wc came soon to the deserted mountain-dairy where we found 



76 A Day with the Capercailzies. 




the boy had gone on before while we went up in the hill to listen 
to the capercailzies. He had orders from the captain to air the 
room and to make a good fire on the hearth. As soon as we had 
put away our guns and game-bag and partaken of a good supper 
provided out of the captain's bag, he commenced the story he" had 
promised us about the goblin-hare, assuming at the same time a 
decorous air in speech and manner. 

M When I was lieutenant, I was one summer encamped on Thoten, 
where my regiment had to do their yearly drill. I had brought 
my hounds with me, as I intended to have some shooting. I was 
standing in the kitchen of my quarters one afternoon, getting 
ready for the evenings sport, when a peasant came in. 

*' ' Are there any hares about here ? ' I asked. ' Well, there are 
some left to be sure/ answered the peasant; 'on the Sukkestad- 
moor there is an old jack-hare, which many a hound and sportsman 
have been after, but he is not so easily killed, it appears/ And 
the worthy peasant shook his head somewhat mysteriously. 

" ' Not easily killed ? That's ail nonsense. I suppose there isn't 
a hound worth having about here ? ' said I, and stroked my dogs, 
which were pulling at the couples and wanted to get out. ' If my 
hounds here once start him I think there will be little difficulty 
in catching him.' 

"'Ah, may be! Quite possible,' said the peasant, and grinned 
rather incredulously. 

" I started straight for the Sukkestad-moor and had scarcely let 
the hounds loose, before they found scent and were soon in full cry. 
But there seemed to be little satisfaction got out of this run ; every 
moment the hare squatted, and the hounds lost the scent time after 
time. The next instant the hare was off again and things were 
looking promising, when suddenly the hare hid himself in a bush 
again. I ran from one place to another, and as it was not difficult 
to get a shot at him, I fired several times, but only made miss after 
miss. At last he settled in front of a clump of young fir-trees 
about forty paces distant from me. I fired, and went quite con- 
fidently to pick it up ; but when I came over to the pines there 
was no sign of any hare ; I could see nothing but an old stick and 



A Day with the Capercailzies. 



77 



ti 



a 



a rag. The day after I was busy cleaning my rifle when the 
peasant came up to me. 

"'Well, what about the hare, lieutenant?' he asked with a sly 
wink. 

I told him what had happened. 

1 Many have been after him, as I told you, but you must know 
it's not an easy job to catch him/ he repeated with a great deal 
of mystery. ' I see you are cleaning your gun, sir, but I should 
say that's not of much use. It won't kill Puss any better for 
that' 

"'But, goodness gracious, what can that hare be made of?' 
I asked. ' Do you mean to say that powder and shot will not 
take any effect on him ?' 

" ' I think it is as you say,' he answered. ' I may as well tell 
you that the hare himself is possessed ; the one which you saw 
yesterday is only his double; he himself plays no pranks like that. 
But I'll give you a bit of advice ! Take a blindworm  I'll find 
you one  and ram it into the barrel of your gun and then fire it, 
after that you may try what powder and shot will do. ' 

" I did as he said. He got me a live blindworm, which we forced 
into the barrel of the gun ; I fired it against the barn wall, and 
strange to say, there was nothing to be seen but a wet mark. 

" Some days later I went up on the Sukkestad moor. It was very 
early in the morning. The dogs were no sooner let loose, than the 
hare was afoot. This time there was no stopping or casting, but 
the hounds were soon in full cry, and after half-an-hour's run, the 
hare came dancing down the moor towards me. I put up my gun 
and fired ; he dropped down dead on the spot. He was a big old 
rake, full of marks and scars, and he had only an ear and a half." 

" I have also heard about a similar hare," said Peter, who had 
listened to the captain's story with great attention. " He used to 
knock about here in HoKeia, and they said he was nearly black 
A good many were after him and had a shot at him, but they never 
had any luck, until this rascally Andreas came here. He shot it, 
for he must put his nose in everywhere, you know. It was he we 
saw the tracks of down by Rausand hill. He is a scamp, he is 



7** A Day with the Capercailzies. 



and it isn't difficult to find his tracks and signs of his reckless 
shooting, for he cm never wa*t, like other folks, till the birds have 

had a good start at the:r play." 

" I dare say," said the captain, and twirled bis moustaches, -* it 
Jsn t the first time he is shooting in preserved grounds. But tell 
me, was it he who shot that goblin-hare down by Christiinia, which 
you told me about once ? " 

" Oh, that hare I No, that was a p rofe ssi onal shot from those 
parts called Brandte-Lars. Yon must know him, surely, since you 
are from Christiacia ? *' said Peter, addressing himself to me. 
No. I d:d not kr.ow h:m. 

" What ! you don't know him ? Why, he lives in a small cottage 
under the h 11 just bel^w Grtisen. I met him once in Halland, 
when he was out shooting with some swells from town. He is a 
queer fellow, bur i good shot. He never misses his hare, and 
shoots Eyir.g jus: like the captain here. But about that hare tne 
car:a. : n sivkeoL, He told *r.e all about that and much more.*' 

* % I \u&gt; going out cr.e cay for old Simonsen in the Market- 
place he said. * to try 2nd get him sowc game. We had three 
hounds ; one of them called Rap, over which the evil spirits had 
no powe:. because ho was red. you must know ; the other two were 
pretty decent hounds* \\ ell, it was one morning early in the 
spr.ng.* said Lars* * that I started for Linderudscetcr, where I 
slipped Rap. and he was soon in full cry and made the hillside 
ling. 1 pv\sted myself near a place where they had been burning 
charcoal, and very soon the hare came running past, close to where 
I was standing. 1 missed, and away they went again in full cry 
after the hare. Before long he came past the same place again ; 
he was qu to black along the back  I missed again. 

"  But how is all this ? " said I to myself. ' Won't the other dogs 
acknowledge the scent too ? ' for it was only Rap who was after the 
hare. 'No, this can't be a real hare; but I must have another 
Ku)k at him. Well, he came past for the third time, and I missed 
him agan, sure enough. Both the dogs were close by me, but they 
didn't take the slightest notice of him. But then I took a charm 
and put in the gun,' he said. 



A Day with the Capercailzies. 79 



" How ! " I asked. 

" You must tell him chat, Peter/' said the captain. 

" Well, Lars wouldn't tell me at first," said Peter, " but after 1 
had given him a good dram and a roll of tobacco, he told mc all . 
about it." 

" ' You take the bark of the mountain ash and put it round the 
break-off,' said Lars, ' and then you scrape three bits of a silver coin 
which has come down in the family  it must be one of the real good 
old coins, one that has been out in the wars ; and then you scrape 
three parings of the nail of your little finger in your left hand, and 
then three barleycorns, if you have not got these handy, take three 
breadcrumbs and put them all above the shot, and then you might 
shoot the very devil with it, he said. ' That's what I did the time 
I was telling you about, and when the hare came past the fourth 
time, he fell stone dead the moment I fired,' he said. ' He was a 
dry little beast, and he was so old that he was nearly black all 
over. Well, I took him and hung hm up by his hind legs to a 
gnarled b'rch to clean him, but would you believe me, he kept on 
bleeding as if he were a young cow, and the dogs were licking up 
the blood as it ran down the hill. I had to take him with mc at last, 
but somehow I could not find my way, and the blood kept on running 
off the hare all the time. I came back twice to that gnarled birch- 
tree, and I thought it was rather odd, as I ought to know my way 
thereabouts as well as in my own parlour. But of course if you 
first make a wrong start, you go wrong altogether. Well, thought 
I, I had better let the dogs find the way, which I did, but when I 
came past some rocks down there, I saw an old witch right in front 
of some small birchwood with a cloth on her head, a leather jacket, 
and black skirt ; she was leaning on a crutch-handled stick and 
looked like a woman from the country. 

" ' I say, Lars,' said she. * you have got many a hare in the moors 
here and I have wished you well, so you might as well have left 
alone that hare of mine. If you had not had that red dog of yours, 
you wouldn't have got it either.' 

" ' I didn't say a word,' said Lars, * but cut away over Mcerre bog 
up to Bamsebraaten, where I let the dogs loose. They were soon 



So A Day with the Capercailzies. 

in full cry. Rap being the first, and as I stood and listened whether 
the other two were going to join in, I heard them all three sure 
enough, and then I knew it must be a real hare ; but when I heard 




them bearing off for the Lindcrudsceter again, 1 felt rather down in 
the mouth. They had an awful long run, but when they came 
round again, the hare came galloping like a young colt up to me ; 
he was nearly as big as a small goat. I shot it, and then I went 



A Day with the Capercailzies. Si 



southwards towards Alun lake. There the dogs got a new scent, 
and off they went in full cry in the direction of Linderudsceter 
again  it appeared as if they must chase the hare round there. 
At last they came back again, and I shot that hare also, and then I 
had three in all. That'll do for to-day, my dear Lars, thought I, 
and so I went home and hung the hares up in Simonsen's cellar. 
But that little black thing bled for three days after, and filled 
the cellar nearly half full of blood. " 

" You spoke just now about a goblin hare, who was seen here in 
Holleia ; but are there not also some legends about all the riches, 
gold and silver, which are to be found in the mountains here ? It 
wouldn't be a bad thing to have some of it. Peter ? " said the 
captain, who was trying to get a story out of him again. 

" Oh, what would the capta : n want with that ?" said Peter, and 
shook his head. " You have enough, I should say, sir, and perhaps 
more than enough. It might be something for a poor fellow ; but 
believe me, it isn't so easy to get hold of, I can tell you." 

" It seems very strange to me however that you haven't tried 
to get some of it," continued the captain. 

" Ah, but how should that have happened ? " asked Peter. " To 
lie about and dig in the hills, as old Joe Haugen did all over 
Holleia, is not a thing I should care for." 

" But there are other ways to find such riches," said the captain 
mysteriously. " What do you say to making friends with the 
fairies in the mountains ? You have, by my faith, not been such 
an ill-looking lad in your youth, Peter I You could have made 
your fortune, sure enough.'' 

" Ha, ha, ha ! " laughed Peter in a subdued tone, apparently 
pleased with the captain's allusion to his good looks. " I 
have never believed in such beings, for I have never seen a troll 
or a huldre." 

" But there lived once a fairy over in Holleia," said the captain. 

" Oh, that's an old fairy tale. I have heard people talk about 
it, to be sure, but I don't believe anything of it," answered Peter. 

" Yes, but you must know something about it for all that, since 
you have been knocking about on the moors here so long. You 

G 



82 A Day with the Capercailzies. 



must tell us what you know. My friend here is mad after such 
stories." 

" Ah, indeed ! Well, I don't mind ; but for my part I don't 
believe a word of them," Peter assured us, and commenced : 

"South of Holleia, there are two mountains  they call them 
the 4 Big-peak ' and the ' Little-peak '  there where you are sitting 
you can still see a little of the same range of mountains! There 
are a great many old workings over there, and there is any 
amount of gold and silver in those mountains, in fact, they say 
there's no end to the riches there. But it is not an easy job to 
get at them, for an old witch lives in those peaks. She owns it all, 
and she broods on it like a dragon  that's what they say, anyhow. 
She is much richer than the king of Kongsberg, for once, when 
the miners had dug out such a fearful lot of silver ore, the king 
went into the mine and said to the people :  

"'Well, I cannot stand this much longer! If you go on at 
this rate I shall be a poor man. You will ruin me entirely. Why 
don't you go over to my sister, Guri, in the Holleia-peaks ? She 
is ten times richer than I.' " 

" Guri must be a sister to the Egeberg king, then ? " I remarked. 

" The Egeberg king ! Who's he ? " asked Peter. " He is from 
Christiania, perhaps ? " 

I told him the legend of the Egeberg king, and how he in 1814 
had to move to his brother in Kongsberg, as he could not stand 
all the noise and mining going on in his mountain. 

"Ah well, he must be a brother to the witch I am speaking 
about," added Peter in good faith. " I also have heard tell of one 
who had to move because he couldn't stand the noise. But he 
lived in these parts. Whether he was the husband of this Guri, 
or somebody else, I don't know, but he was one of those who 
lived in the mountain here and had a lot of riches. But this is 
how it happened ! Just about the time they were beginning to 
mine in the Skaugs moors, there lived a woman called Ronnau 
Skaugen, over by the brook between Sognedale and Tyristrand. 
One morning early, when she wars standing by the brook rinsing 
some clothes, she saw such a lot of silver things in the water  



A Day with the Capercailzies. 



plates, dishes, spoons, ladles, and all sorts of fine things  lying 
at the bottom of the brook, glittering and shining in the sunshine. 




When she saw all these riches, she almost lost her senses ; she ran 
straight home for a tub to take them away in. But when she came 

G 2 



84 A Day with the Capercailzies. 

back they were all gone, every one of them. There wasn't as much 
as a silver sixpence left ; there was only the clear water which 
glistened in the sun as it ran over the pebbles. Shortly afterwards 
they began working the copper mines in the same neighbourhood, 
and there was such a noise, firing and blasting, early and late, that 
there was no peace at any time. Late one evening when Ronnau 
had been down to the brook, she met a big man on a large black 
horse. He had a whole row of carts after him loaded with all sorts 
of household effects and furniture, and he had also some cows and 
sheep with him. 

" ' Good evening, Ronnau/ he said ; I am moving now.' 
. " ' So I see,' she answered ; ' but why are you leaving ? ' 

" ' Oh, they are making such a noise in the mines here now, that 
I feel as if my poor head were going to pieces. I can't stand it any 
longer, so I am moving to my brother Tinn in Thelemarken. But 
I say, Ronnau/ he asked suddenly, ' why did you want all my silver 
things that time you saw them in the brook ? If you had been 
satisfied with what you could have carried in your apron, you should 
have had that.' 

" Since that time," added Peter, " I have not heard of anybody 
who has seen anything of this kind in our neighbourhood, either 
because they have moved away from here or because they keep 
themselves at home. Such witchcraft has no power now to show 
itself, because the people don't believe in it any more." 

"Yes, there is more truth in that than you think, my dear 
friend/' said the captain ; " people who know more than both you 
and I, say the same. But for all that, you may still run the risk 
of coming across some of them." 

At the repeated requests of the captain, Peter continued to 
divert us during the night with legends, tales, and stories about his 
sporting adventures. Now and then the captain would treat us 
to some of his own experiences on his hunting expeditions, which 
generally contained some sarcastic reference to one or another of 
the bears which Peter had missed, at which Peter always assumed 
a curious grinning smile and scratched his ear. Sometimes he 
would give me a sly wink with one of his eyes, which seemed to 



A Day with the Capercailzies. 85 



say, " That was one for you, Peter Sandaker, put that in your pipe 
and smoke it ! " 

At midnight we lay down on a couple of benches in front of 
the fire and refreshed ourselves with a short snooze. When we 
awoke, Peter said it was time to make a start for the pairing- 
ground of the capercailzies. It was a cold, sharp morning ; 
there was a thin crust on the snow, so that it crackled beneath 
our tread. The sky was, however, clear and blue, and a few white 
clouds which were quietly drifting towards us from the south, 
predicted an early end to the chilly night air. The moon stood 
low on the horizon, and instead of lighting us on our nocturnal 
expedition, it only threw a faint light on the distant hills and 
the tops of the trees, while it created that mysterious twilight 
between the tall fir trees which lengthens the shadows intermin- 
ably, and calls forth ghostly figures between the trunks of the 
trees, and makes the forest so mysterious, so deep and awe- 
inspiring. 

The robin alone by his soft morning song broke the silence and 
the solitude which reigned in the forest. 

" There's the bird singing who is the first to wake up in the 
morning," said Peter. " It won't be long now, before the whole 
forest is alive and stirring ; we had better hurry on a bit." 

" There's plenty of time, my dear Peter," said the captain ; 
"the capercailzie plays best on the hill between here and the 
Londals bog, and I don't think we shall have much of the play 
this morning ; it is too cold." 

" We shall have it much warmer towards the morning," answered 
Peter rather positively ; " there is a southerly draught in the air, 
and I think we shall have some fine play, as the nights have lately 
been so chilly. When the sun rises we shall have some splendid 
play. Only hear the woodcock, how he is roading ; he expects fine 
weather. There is the snipe drumming also. We shall have it 
fine !" he added, with an air of conviction. 

We heard the peculiar note of the woodcock, which resembles 
the repeated croaking of the frog, followed by a sharp hissing sound, 
somewhat like the noisy chirping of the wagtail ; by the faint light 



86 A Day with the Capercailzies. 



of the setting moon we saw one shadow after the other of these 
birds passing over the tops of the trees. We heard the unpleasant 
braying of the snipe, now near to us, now far off, now high up 
in the air, now right over our heads, and suddenly it seemed close 
to our ears, now on all sides, still without our being able to catch 
sight of the bird. But the shrill wild cry of the heron overpowcied 
the cries of all the other birds, whom it seemed to terrify ; they were 
silent the moment they heard it, and a silence followed which made 
the interruption doubly unpleasant. At this moment the woodlark 
commenced his morning song with his clear ringing notes, which in 
the darkness of the night reminded us of the bright approaching 
dawn, and formed a cheerful contrast to the ghostly flight and un- 
pleasant notes of the nocturnal birds. 

" There goes the capercailzie bell, as the Swedes call this merry 
little bird," said the captain. " As soon as he starts singing, the 
capercailzie commences its morning hymn in its roosting-placc. 
Let us remain here a while ; we are not far away from the birds 
that came to roost so late last night. By going nearer we 
might easily frighten them away." 

After having listened for a few minutes, we heard a capercailzie 
playing a couple of hundred paces off. 

" I almost think it is the fellow that came last and snapped his 
beak," said Peter ; " I really wonder if he won't get a dressing. 
The old one hasn't generally a short memory." 

The captain gave me the choice of going in the direction where 
we heard the bird playing, or of going more to the north where he 
expected the younger birds were roosting. I chose the first, and 
the captain went in a northerly direction. Peter and I quietly 
approached the capercailzie, and carefully avoided making any 
noise by treading on the snow or the dry crackling branches. 
Every time we heard the bird commence the first part of his love- 
song we stopped for a moment, but as soon as he had done the 
gobble and began snapping his beak we advanced rapidly two or 
three paces each time. When he went on with the first strain 
again, and while he did the gobble, we remained of course motion- 
less. When we in this manner had arrived within a distance of 



A Day with the Capercailzies. 87 

forty or fifty paces from the tree where he was sitting, we heard 
the flight of another bird, which settled down in the tree with a 
great noise. The sound of clashing beaks and wings soon told us 




that our old friend had paid the visit which Peter had predicted, 
to the stranger, his rival, on the morning roost. During the fight, 
we ran forward a few paces, but a heavy, rushing flight betokened 
an easy victory, and the stranger flew away. All was now quiet 



88 A Day with the Capercailzies. 



for a time, but a hen was soon heard cackling, and immediately 
the old capercailzie cock commenced playing; he went through 
the first part and did his gobble, but as soon as we moved a foot 
to get nearer, he flew to another tree, where he commenced his 
deceitful play anew. 

" I thought as much," said Peter with some vexation. " Now he 
is at it again I It's no use whatever to stalk him ; one might as 
well try to stalk the clouds. No, let us go more to the north ; 
there are more birds thereabouts, and I dare say there is one 
amongst them anyhow, who dares open his beak, although they 
are all afraid of that beast there ! I wish Old Nick had him." 

" Do you know where the old fellow plays at sunrise ? " I asked. 

" Yes, of course I do," answered Peter ; '* he plays in a fir tree on 
a small knoll, just below here in the bog; but it is very difficult 
to get a shot at him, because the tree is so very high." 

" We will go there," said I ; " but since you think it advisable, 
we will first go a little to the north." 

We walked for some distance in this direction, but we did not 
hear a single bird play. Peter wondered very much what could 
have become of the birds, and came finally to the conclusion that 
the fight had frightened them away, or given them such a scare 
that they dared not open their mouths. 

Just as the day was breaking we heard a report of a gun north 
of Sandtjaern hill, where Peter told me the captain and he used 
to have bear-bait set. This place was not far away from his 
dairy on the mountains or from his home in Sognedale. Soon 
afterwards we heard another report, which, like its predecessor, 
Peter declared, came from the captain's gun. While we were 
crossing the bog, on our way to the fir tree Peter had spoken of, 
and whither he apparently went with little inclination, he broke 
out afresh in lamentations over the bad sport we had had, and 
kept on talking to himself in disjointed sentences, such as : " Only 
a waste of powder,  no, no, the captain is the right sort of man, 
he is,  he has got one, perhaps two,  that wasn't Ander's shot at 
all,  that good-for-nothing gun of his,  no, there is something 
like a report in the captain's." 



A Day with the Capercailzies. 89 



" Be comforted, Peter," said I, " perhaps we shall get the cock 
of the walk here after all." 

" You must know some queer trick or another then," answered 
Peter ; " he is a sly, deep one, and he is shot-proof too, I can tell 
you." 

When we arrived at the knoll, after having crossed the frozen 
bog, I took  on account of the considerable distance at which the 
bird would have to be shot at, if he, as we supposed, would settle 
in the top of the fir tree  the shot out of my gun, and loaded again 
with a wire cartridge. 

Peter looked at this operation, shook his head, and expressed 
in the following words his want of confidence in it :  

" And you think that will help ?" 

" We shall see," I answered just as curtly. 

The knoll on which we found ourselves appeared like a small 
island in the big bog. On its summit towered aloft the fir tree 
which has often been referred to, like a mighty mast, full of wood- 
peckers' holes. On the eastern side of the knoll was another fir 
tree, which must have been just as majestic at one time, but was 
now stooping forward over the bog ; the storms had broken its 
top, and only a few of the lower, almost naked, branches were left, 
which, like some brawny giant's arms, stretched themselves out 
against the clear morning sky. The sun was rising ; it gilt the 
hill tops and gradually threw its lustre over the dark pine forests 
on the mountain slopes. But the Skjoersjo bog, which in a 
southerly direction extended so far that the forest at its far end 
could scarcely be distinguished in the blue hazy mist, was 
still in the deepest shade. The woodcock, the snipe, and other 
nocturnal birds were all gone to rest ; but the merry songsters of 
the wood now filled the air with their jubilee; the nutcracker 
began his monotonous clattering, the chaffinches and the wrens 
sang high in the sky, the blackcock scolded and blustered 
loudly, the thrush sang his mocking songs and libellous ditties 
about everybody, but became occasionally a little sentimental 
and warbled gently and bashfully some tender stanzas v On the 
opposite side of the bog a capercailzie was playing in the top of a 



90 A Day with the Capercailzies. 

fir tree ; the hens were making themselves agreeable, and cackled 
and snuffled their hoarse nasal sounds, which to the songbirds 
would be as unattractive as an old lady's whisperings of girlish 
love and soft words would be to us. 

In the meantime we were hidden in a close juniper thicket on 
the little knoll, and expected the capercailzie cock every moment ; 
but our old friend tarried a long time in his harem. At last, just 
as the sun was gilding the top of the fir tree, he came flying with a 
heavy rushing sound, and settled, not in the tall fir tree above us, 
but in the crestless fir, which was leaning over the bog. It was truly 
a splendid bird  a noble animal  as it sat there against the sky on 
the naked branch, with its shining, bright green breast glittering in 
the sunlight. A hen now came flying and settled in the tree above 
our heads. At this moment the cock began to play ; he stuck out 
his beard, trailed his wings down by his legs, and made, with great 
solemnity and wavelike motions of his neck, a few steps forward on 
the branch, while he stuck up his tail and spread it out like a big 
wheel. I was waiting with my finger on the trigger for the de- 
cisive moment when he would spread out his wings for flight, and 
thereby give me a much larger target, at which I at this long dis- 
tance could make a surer shot. But while the hen continued her 
cackle he finished his first play, and had commenced the gobble of 
his second, when a twig cracked beneath my feet. The hen uttered 
a sharp warning cry, but our old friend was in such an ecstasy, that 
he took no notice of her well-meant warning, and was finishing his 
love-song, when his faithful mistress flew straight at him, apparently 
with the intention of pushing him off the branch. This recalled 
him to his senses, and he spread his wings out to take .flight ; but 
my gun was up, and the mighty bird fell head foremost down on 
the bog. It was an easy death ; he only flapped his wings once 
or twice. 

Peter ran and seized the bird. A look of surprise lighted up 
his face, but this soon gave way to a pleased and admiring grin. 
He shook his head and said : 

" I shouldn't have believed it, even if the captain had told me 
himself, for this is the right bird ; I know him by his bill  such a 



A Day with the Capercailzies. 



93 



yellow, crooked, and thick beak has no other capercailzie hereabout. 
Look how green he is on the breast, and how his feathers shine ! 
And such a big heavy one!" exclaimed Peter, while he, with almost 
childish joy, was weighing the bird in his hand. " I don't think I 
am telling a lie when I say he weighs fifteen pounds. That was 
a shot 1 But the captain will be glad ! Ho, ho, here wc are ! " he 
cried till it was re-echoed from all the hills around. The captain 
soon made his appearance, followed by the boy and the hounds. 
The captain and the boy carried each a capercailzie. 

Peter lifted our prize triumphantly aloft and shouted, while they 
yet were at some distance  

" It is the old rascal, captain ! " 

" What do you say ? " cried the captain, and came running 
towards us. " Is it really the old one ? Now, that is a decent 
day's work, which deserves a glass. Long live all republics of 
birds ! Perish all tyrants ! " he exclaimed, as he took the bottle 
and silver goblet out of his bag and drank to us. 

" Was it not as I said, the captain would be pleased ?" said Peter 
with a grin, as he winked with his eyes and took a good sup of the 
goblet which was handed to him. " There will be different sport 
about here now, when we have got rid of this devil of a bird." 

After having exchanged accounts about our sport, the hounds 
were let loose. They soon found scent, and away they went in 
full cry. The echo repeated their baying over and over again 
between the hills, and our hearts beat with rapture at this promising 
sound of fine sport in the early sunny morning. 



THE GREEDY YOUNGSTER. 




" I saw it first, 
shouted another. 
it first of all." 



ONCE upon a time there were five 
women who were in a field reaping com. 
None of them had any children, but they 
were all wishing for a child. All at once 
they found a big goose egg, almost as 
big as a man's head, 
said one. "I saw it just as soon as you did," 
" But I'll have it," screamed the third, " I saw 



The Greedy Youngster. 95 

Thus they kept on quarrelling and fighting about the egg, and 
they were very near tearing each other's hair. But at last they 
agreed that it should belong to them all, and that they should sit 
on it as the geese do and hatch a gosling. The first woman sat 
on it for eight days, taking it very comfortably and doing nothing 
at all, while the others had to work hard both for their own and 
her living. One of the women began to make some insinuations 
to her about this. 

"Well, I suppose you didn't come out of the egg either before 
you could chirp," said the woman who was on the egg. "But I 
think there is something in this egg, for I fancy I can hear some one 
inside grumbling every other 
moment: 'Herring and soup! 
Porridge and milk!' You can 
come and sit for eight days now, 
and then we will sit and work 
in turn, all of us." 

So when the fifth in turn had 
sat for eight days, she heard 
plainly some one inside the egg 
screeching for " Herring and 
soup ! Porridge and milk!" And 
so she made a hole in it ; but 
instead of a gosling out came a 
baby, but it was awfully ugly, and had a big head and a tiny little 
body. The first thing it screamed out for, as soon as it put its 
head outside the egg, was "Herring and soup! Porridge and milk!" 
And so they called it " the greedy youngster." 

Ugly as he was, they were fond of him at first ; but before long 
he became so greedy that he ate up all the meat they had. When 
they boiled a dish of soup or a pot of porridge which they thought 
would be sufficient for all six, he finished it all by himself. So 
they would not have him any longer. 

"I have not had a decent meal since tills - changeling crept out 
of the eggshell," said one of them, and when the youngster heard 
that they were all of the same opinion, he said he was quite willing 




96 The Greedy Youngster. 



to go his way ; " if they did not want him, he was sure he did not 
want them," and with that he left the place. 

After a long time he came to a farm where the fields were 
full of stones, and he went in and asked for a situation. They 
wanted a labourer on the farm, and the farmer put him to pick 
up stones from the field. Yes, the youngster went to work and 
picked up the stones, some of which were so big that they would 
make many cart-loads ; but whether they were big or small, he 
put them all into his pocket. It did not take him long to finish 
that job, so he wanted to know what he should do next. 

44 You will have to get all the stones out of the field," said 
the fanner. " I suppose you can't be ready before you have 
commenced ?" 

But the youngster emptied his pockets and threw all the stones in 
a heap. Then the farmer saw that he had finished the work, and 
he thought he ought to look well after one who was so strong. He 
must come in and get something to eat, he said. The youngster 
thought so too, and he alone ate what was prepared both for master 
and servants, and still he was only half satisfied. 

" He is the right sort of man for a labourer, but he is a terrible 
cater, to be sure," thought the farmer. " A man like him would 
cat a poor farmer out of house and home before anybody knew a 
word about it," he said. He had no more work for him ; it was 
best for him to go to the kings palace. 

The youngster set out for the palace, where he got a place at 
once. There was plenty of food and plenty of work. He was to be 
errand boy, and to help the girls to carry wood and water and do 
other odd jobs. So he asked what he was to do first. 

11 You had better chop some wood in the meantime/ 9 they said. 
Yes, he commenced to chop and cut wood till the splinters flew 
about him. It was not long before he had chopped up everything 
in the place, both fire-wood and timber, both rafters and -beams, 
and when he was ready with it, he came in and asked what he 
was to do now. 

11 You can finish chopping the wood," they said. 

11 There is no more to chop," he answered. 



The Greedy Youngster. 97 

That could not be possible, thought the overlooker, and had a 
look into the wood-shed. But yes, the youngster had chopped up 
everything ; he had even cut up the timber and planks in the 
place. This was vexatious, the overlooker said ; and then he told 
the youngster that he should not taste food until he hid gone into 
the forest and cut just as much timber as he had chopped up for 
firewood. 

The youngster went to the smithy and got the smith to help him 
to make an axe of five hundredweight of iron, and then he set out 
for the forest and began to make a regular clearance, not only of 
the pine and the lofty fir trees, but of everything else which was to 
be found in the king's forests, and in the neighbours' as well. He 
did not stop to cut the branches or the tops off, but he left them 
lying there as if a hurricane had blown them down. He put a 
proper load on the sledge and put all the horses to it, but they 
could not even move it ; so he took the horses by the heads to 
give the sledge a start, but he pulled so hard that the horses' heads 
came off. He then turned the horses out of the shafts and drew 
the load himself. 

When he came to the palace, the king and his overlooker were 
standing in the hall to give him a scolding for having destroyed 
the forest  the overlooker had been there and seen what he had 
been doing. But when the king saw the youngster dragging 
half the forest after him, he got both angry and afraid ; but he 
thought he had better be a little careful with him, since he was 
strong. 

" Well, you are a wonderful workman, to be sure," said the king ; 
" but how much do you eat at a time, because I suppose you are 
hungry now ? " 

Oh, when he was to have a proper meal of porridge, it would 
take twelve barrels of meal to make it, thought the youngster ; but 
when he had put that away, he could wait a while, of course, for 
his next meal. 

It took some time to boil such a dish of porridge, and meantime 
he was to bring in a little firewood for the cook. He put a lot 
of wood on a sledge, but when he was coming through the door 



o$ The Greedy Youngster. 

with it, he was a little rough and careless again. The house got 
almost out of shape, and all the joists creaked ; he was very near 
dragging down the whole palace. When the porridge was nearly 
ready, they sent him out to call the people home from the fields. He 
shouted so that the mountains and hills around rang with echoes, 
but the people did not come quick enough for him. He came to 
blows with them, and killed twelve of them. 

- You have killed twelve men," said the king ; " and you eat for 
many times twelve ; but how many do you work for ? w 

* For many times twelve as well," answered the youngster. 

When he had finished his porridge, he was to go into the barn 
to thrash. He took one of the rafters from the roof and made a 
flail out of it. and when the roof was about to fall in, he took a big 
pine tr with branches and all and put it up instead of the rafter. 
So he w^r.t on thrashing the grain and the straw and the hay 
all together. This was doing more damage than good, for the corn 
and the chaff flew about together, and a cloud of dust arose over 

the whole palace. 

When he had nearly finished thrashing, enemies came into 
the cour.trv. as a war was coming on. So the king told the 
voun -&lt;ter that he should take men with him to go and meet 
the co:ry and fight them, for the king thought they would surely 

K'.* h"** &gt; 

No. ho would not haw any men with him to be cut to pieces; 
ho would n&gt;ht bv himself, answered the youngster. 

 So much the better." thought the king ; "the sooner I shall 
v:  ; 1 of h :n ; but he must have a proper club." 
' * Yiu'v sent tor the smith: he forged a club which weighed a 
h"'\K\iwvurht. " A very nice thing to crack nuts with," said the 
\vV'Ver. ^ the smith made one of three hundredweight " It 
wo.id vlo\rrv woll for hammering iu : b into boots," was the answer 
\VeV the smith could not make a bigger one with the men he had. 
Sx the &gt;oimgster set out for the smithy himself, and made a club 
thtt &lt;i'hvU rive tons, and it took a hundred men to turn it on 
to uwsT  Th*t one might do for lack of a better," thought the 
.vaster. He w*nted next a bag with some provisions; they 



The Greedy Youngster. 99 



had to make one out of fifteen oxhides, and they filled it with food, 
and away he went down the hill with the bag on his back and the 
club on his shoulder. 

When he came so far that the enemy saw him, they sent a 
soldier to ask him if he was going to fight them. 

" Yes ; but wait a little till I have had something to eat," said 
the youngster. He threw himself down on the grass and began to 
eat with the big bag of food in front of him. 

But the enemy would not wait, and commenced to fire at him at 
once, till it rained and hailed around him with bullets. 

"I don't mind these crowberries a bit," said the youngster, and 
went on eating harder than ever. Neither lead nor iron took any 
effect upon him, and his bag w.'th food in front of him guarded 
him against the bullets as if it were a rampart. 

So they commenced throwing bomb-shells and firing cannons at 
him. He only grinned a little every time he felt them. 

" They don't hurt me a bit," he said. But just then he got a 
bomb-shell right down his windpipe. 

" Fy ! " he shouted, and spat it out again ; but then a chain-shot 
made its way into his butter- can, and another carried away the 
piece of food he held between his fingers. 

That made him angry ; he got up and took his b'g club and 
struck the ground with it, asking them if they wanted to take the 
food out of his mouth, and what they meant by blowing crow- 
berries at him with those pea-shooters of theirs. He then 
struck the ground again till the hills and rocks rattled and 
shook, and sent the enemy flying in the a'r like chaff. This 
finished the war. 

When he came home again, and asked for more work, the 
king was taken quite aback, for he thought he should have got rid 
of him in the war. He knew of noth : ng else but to send him on 
a message to the devil. 

" You had better go to the devil and ask him for my ground- 
rent," he said. The youngster took h:s bag on his back, and started 
at once. He was not long in getting there, but the devil was gone 
to court, and there was no one at home but his mother, and she 

H 2 



mx; The Greedy Youngster. 



*aid that she had never heard talk of any ground-rent. He had 
better call again another time. 

" Yes, call again to-morrow is always the cry," he said ; but he 
was not going to be made a fool of, he told her. He was there, and 
there he would remain till he got the ground-rent. He had plenty 
of time to wait. But when he had finished all the food in his bag, 
the time hung heavy on his hands, and then he asked the old lady 
for the ground-rent again. She had better pay it now, he said. 

" No, she was going to do nothing of the sort," she said. Her 
words were as firm as the old fir tree just outside the gates, which 
was so big that fifteen men could scarcely span it. 

But the youngster climbed right up in the top of it and twisted 
and turned it as if it was a willow, and then he asked her if she 
was going to pay the ground-rent now. 

Yes, she dared not do anything else, and scraped together as 
much money as he thought he could carry in his bag. He then 
set out for home with the ground-rent, but as soon as he was 
gone, the devil came home. When he heard that the youngster had 
gone off with his bag full of money, he first of all gave his mother 
a hiding, and then he started after him, thinking he would soon 
overtake him. 

He soon came up to him, for he had nothing to carry, and now 
and then he used his wings ; but the youngster had of course to keep 
to the ground with his heavy bag. Just as the devil was at his 
heels, he began to jump and run as fast as he could. He kept his 
club behind him to keep the devil off, and thus they went along, 
the youngster holding the handle and the devil trying to catch hold 
of the other end of it, till they came to a deep valley. There the 
youngster made a jump across from the top of one hill to the other, 
and the devil was in such a hurry to follow him that he ran his 
head against the club and fell down into the valley and broke his 
leg. and there he lav. . . 

44 There is the ground-rent." said the youngster when he came to 
the palace, and threw the bag with the money to the king with 
such a crash that vou could hear it all over the hall. 

The king thanked him, and appeared to be well pleased, and 



The Greedy Youngster. ioi 



promised him good pay* and leave of absence if he wished it, but 
the youngster wanted only more work. 

" What shall I do now ? he said. 

As soon as the king had had time to consider, he told him that 
he must go the hill-troll, who had taken his grandfather's sword. 
The troll had a castle by the sea, where no one dared to go. 

The youngster put some cartloads of food into his bag and set out 
again. He travelled both long and far, over woods and hills and 
wild moors, till he came to the big mountains where the troll, who 
had taken the sword of the king's grandfather, was living. 

But the troll seldom came out in the open air, and the moun- 
tain was well closed, so the youngster was not man enough to get 
inside. 

So he joined a gang of quarrymen who were living at a farm on 
top of the hill, and who were quarrying stones in the hills about 
there. They had never had such help before, for he broke and 
hammered away at the rocks till the mountain cracked, and big 
stones of the size of a house rolled down the hill. But when he 
rested to get his dinner, for which he was going to have one of the 
cartloads in his bag, he found it was all eaten up. 

" I have generally a good appetite myself," said the youngster ; 
" but the one who has been here can do a trifle more than I, for he 
has eaten all the bones as well." 

Thus the first day passed ; and he fared no better the second. 
On the third day he set out to break stones again, taking with him 
the third load of food ; but he lay down behind the bag and pre- 
tended to be asleep. All of a sudden, a troll with seven heads 
came out of the mountain and began to eat his food. 

" It's all ready for me here, and I will eat," said the troll. 

" We will see about that," said the youngster, and hit the troll 
with his club, so the heads rolled down the hill. 

So he went into the mountain which the troll had come out of, 
and in there stood a horse eating out of a barrel of glowing 
cinders, and behind it stood a barrel of oats. 

" Why don't you eat out of the barrel of oats ? " asked the 
youngster. 



io2 The Greedy Youngster. 

" Because I cannot turn round/' said the horse. 

" But I will soon turn you round," said the youngster. 

" Rather cut my head off/' said the horse. 

So he cut its head off, and the horse turned into a fine handsome 
fellow. He said he had been bewitched, and taken into the moun- 
tain and turned into a horse by the troll He then helped the 
youngster to find the sword, which the troll had hidden at the 
bottom of the bed, and in the bed lay the old mother of the troll, 
asleep and snoring hard. 

So they set out for home by water, but when they had got some 
distance out to sea the old mother came after them. As she 
could not overtake them, she lay down and began to drink the sea, 
and she drank till the water fell ; but she could not drink the sea 
dry, and so she burst. 

When they came to land, the youngster sent word that the king 
must come and fetch the sword. He sent four horses, but no, 
they could not move it ; he sent eight, and he sent twelve ; but the 
sword remained where it was. They were not able to stir it from 
the spot But the youngster took it and carried it up to the palace 
alone. 

The king could not believe his eyes when he saw the youngster 
back again. He appeared however to be pleased to see him, and 
promised him land and riches. When the youngster wanted more 
work, the king said he might set out for an enchanted castle he 
had, where no one dared to live, and he would have to stop there 
till he had built a bridge over the sound, so that people could 
get across to the castle. 

If he was able to do this he would reward him handsomely, yes, 
he would even give him his daughter in marriage, said he. 

44 Well, I think I can do it," said the youngster. 

No one had ever got away alive ; those who had got as far as 
the castle, lay there killed and torn to pieces as small as barley, 
and the king thought he should never see him any more if he 
would go thither. 

lUit the youngster started on his expedition ; he took with him 
the b.i&lt; of food, a crooked, twisted block of a fir tree, an axe, a 



The Greedy Youngster. 103 



wedge, and some chips of the fir root, and the small pauper boy 
at the palace. 

When he came to the sound, he found the river full of ice, and 
the current ran as strong as in a waterfall ; but he stuck his legs 
to the bottom of the river and waded till he got safe across. 

When he had warmed himself and had something to eat, he 
wanted to go to sleep, but before long he heard such a terrible 
noise, as if they were turning the castle upside down. The door 
burst wide open, and he saw nothing but a gaping jaw extending 
from the threshold up to the lintel. 

" There is a mouthful for you," said the youngster, and threw the 
pauper boy into the swallow ; " taste that ! But let me see now 
who you are ! Perhaps you are an old acquaintance ? " 

And so it was ; it was the devil who was about again. 

They began to play cards, for the devil wanted to try and win 
back some of the ground-rent which the youngster had got out of 
his mother by threats, when he was sent by the king to collect it ; 
but the youngster was always the fortunate one, for he put a cross 
on the back of all the good cards, and when he had won all the 
money which the devil had upon him, the devil had to pay him out 
of the gold and silver which was in the castle. 

Suddenly the fire went out, so they could not tell the one card 
from the other. 

" We must chop some wood now," said the youngster, who drove 
the axe into the fir block, and forced the wedge in ; but the twisted, 
knotty block would not split, although the youngster worked as 
hard as he could with the axe. 

"They say you are strong/' he said to the devil ; "just spit on 
your hands, stick your claws in, and tear away, and let me see what 
you are made of." 

The devil did so, and put both his fists into the split and pulled 
as hard as he could, when the youngster suddenly struck the wedge 
out, and the devil stuck fast in the block and the youngster let him 
also have a taste of the butt end of his axe on his back. The 
devil begged and prayed so nicely to be let loose, but the youngster 
would not listen to anything of the kind unless he promised that 



104 The Greedy Youngster, 

he would never come there any more and create any disturbance. 
He also had to promise that he would build a bridge over the 
sound, so that people could pass over it at all times of the year, and 
it should be ready when the ice was gone. 

" They are very hard conditions," said the devil ; but there was 
no other way out of it  if the devil wanted to be set free, he 
would have to promise it He bargained, however, that he should 
have the first soul that went across the bridge. That was to be 
the toll 

Yes, he should have that, said the youngster. So the devil was 
let loose, and he started home. But the youngster lay down to 
sleep, and slept till far into the day. 

When the king came to see if he was cut and chopped into 
small pieces, he had to wade through all the money before he came 
to his bedside. There was money in heaps and in bags which 
reached far up the wall, and the youngster lay in bed asleep and 
snoring hard. 

 % Lord help me and my daughter," said the king when he saw 
that the youngster was alive. Well, all was good and well done, 
that no one could deny ; but there was no hurry talking of the 
wedding before the bridge was readv. 

One day the bridge stood ready, and the devil was there waiting 
for the toll which he had bargained for. 

The youngster wanted the king to go with him and try the 
bridge, but the king had no mind to do it So he mounted a 
horse himself, and put the fat dairy-maid in the palace on the 
pommel in front of him ; she looked almost like a big fir block, 
ami so he rode over the bridge, which thundered under the 
horse's feet. 

M Where is the toll ? Where have you got the soul ? " cried the 
devil, 

M Why. inside this fir-block," said the youngster ; " if you want 
it you will have to spit in your hands and take it." 

" No, many thanks! if she does not come to me, I am sure I 
shan't take her," said the devil. " You got me once into a pinch, 
nnd I'll take care you don't get me into another," and with that he 



A' 








1 fl ' l^ 


ft* 


^^ 


1 








5 /i 




F^J* 


fe'^kjs 


J_ 


^^IkT'SaU' 


\jk ^Bl 


V Aamfk 


f ! l 




m 



The Greedy Youngster. 



107 



flew straight home to his old mother, and since that time he has 
never been heard or seen thereabouts. 

The youngster went home to the palace and asked for the reward 
the king had promised him, and when the king wanted to get out 
of it, and would not stick to what he had promised, the youngster 
said it was best he got a good bag of food ready for him, and he 
would take his reward himself. 

Yes, the king would see to that, and when the bag was ready 
the youngster asked the king to come outside the door. The 
youngster then gave the king such a kick, which sent htm flying 
up in the air. The bag he threw after him that he might not be 
without food, and if he has not come down again by this, he is 
floating about with his bag between heaven and earth to this 
very day. 




.... AW 



THE SEVEN FATHERS IN THE HOUSE. 




THERE was once upon a time a 
man who was travelling about, and 
he came at length to a big and fine 
farm ; it was such a fine mansion that 
it might well have been a little palace. 
" It would be a nice thing to get a 
night's rest here," said the man to 
himself, when he came inside the gate. 
Close by stood an old man with grey 
hair and beard, and chopped wood. 
" Good evening, father," said the 
traveller; "cart I get lodgings here 
to-night?" "I am not the father in 
the house," said the old man, " go into 
the kitchen and speak to my father ! " 
The traveller went Into the kitchen ; there he met a man who was 
still older, and he was lying on his knees in front of the hearth. 



The Seven Fathers in the House. 



109 



blowing into the fire. " Good evening, father ; can I get lodgings 
here to-night? " asked the traveller. " I am not the father in the 
house," said the old man ; " but go in and speak to my father ; he 
is sitting by the table in the parlour." So the traveller went into 
the parlour and spoke 
to him who was sitting _ r -* ^ * 

by the table ; he was 
much older than the 
other two, and he sat 
there with chattering 
teeth, shaking, and read- 
ing in a big book, al- 
most like a little child. 
" Good evening, father ; 
can you give me lodg- 
ings hereto-night?"said 
the man. " I am not 
the father in the house ; 
but speak to my father 
over there, he who sits 
on the bench," said the 
man who was sitting at 
the table with chatter- 
ing teeth, and shaking 
and shivering. So the 
traveller went to him 
who was sitting on the 
bench ; he was getting 
a pipe of tobacco ready; 
but he was so bent with 
age, and his hands shook so much, that he was scarcely able to hold 
the pipe. " Good evening, father," said the traveller again ; " can I 
get lodgings here to-night ? "  " I am not the father in the house," 
said the old, bent-up man ; " but speak to my father, who is in the 
bed over yonder." The traveller went to the bed, and there lay an 
old, old man, and the only thing about him that seemed to b~ alive 




The Seven Fathers in the House. 



was a pair of big eyes. " Good evening, father ; can I get lodgings 
hereto-night?" said the traveller. "I am not the father in the 
house ; but speak to my father, who lies in the cradle yonder," 
said the man with the big eyes. Yes, the traveller went to the 
cradle ; there was a very old man lying, so shrivelled up, that he 
was not larger than a baby, and one could not have told that there 
was life in him if it had not been for a sound in his throat now and 
then. " Good evening, father ; can I get lodgings here to-night ? " 
said the man. It took some time before he got an answer, and still 
longer before he had finished it ; he said, like the others, that he 
was not the father in the house ; 
" But speak to my father ; he is 
hanging up in the horn against the 
wall there." The traveller stared 
round the walls, and at last he 
caught s : ght of the horn ; but when 
he looked for him who hung in it, 
there was scarcely anything to be 
seen but a lump of white ashes, 
which had the appearance of a 
man's face. Then he was so 
frightened, that he cried aloud : 
" Good evening, father ; will you 
give me lodgings here to-night?" 
There was a sound like a little tom- 
tit's chirping, but it was no more 
than he was just able to understand that it meant, "Yes, my 
child." And now a table came in which was covered with the 
costliest dishes, with ale and brandy; and when he had eaten and 
drunk, in came a good bed with reindeer skins, and the traveller 
was very glad indeed that he at last had found the right father 
in the house. 




BRAVE OLD BRUIN. 



Once upon a time there was a farmer 
who went up into the hills for a load 
of leaves for his cattte in the winter. 
When he came to the heap of leaves 
he backed the horse and sledge close 
to it and went to the other side to 
throw the layers of leaves on to the 
sledge. But under the heap there was 
a bear, who had made h's lair there for 
the winter, and when lie felt eome one 
stirring round about him, he made a 
jump and came right out on to the 
sledge. When the horse got wind of 
Bruin he was frightened and ran off, as 
if he had stolen both the bear and the sledge, and away they went 
down the hill ten times as fast as they came up. Bruin has the 
name of being a brave fellow, but this time I am afraid he felt 
somewhat frightened as he sat there on the sledge. He stuck to it 
as well as he could, but gave a timid look round now and then to 




Brave Old Bruin. 



see if there were any place where he could throw himself off with 
safety ; but he was not used to sledge-driving, and he thought he 
had better not risk it. 

When he had driven some distance he met a pedlar. 

" Where is the sheriff off to, to-day ? " said the pedlar ; " he must 
have a long way and little time, since he is driving so fast." 

But Bruin did not say a word, for he had more than enough to 
do to hold on. In a little while he met a beggar-woman. She 
greeted him, nodded her head, and begged for a penny in God's 
name. Bruin said nothing, but stuck to the sledge, and away he 
went as fast as ever. When he came a little further down the road 
he met Reynard the Fox. 

" Hallo, are you out taking a drive ? " shouted Reynard. " Wait 
a bit ; let me sit behind, and be your postboy I " Bruin made no 
reply, but held on to the sledge, and the horse ran as fast as his 
legs would carry him. "All right I" shouted Reynard after him, 
"if you won't take me with you I tell you this, that although you 
drive like a travelling gent to-day, all in your furs, you'll hang to- 
morrowwith your back bare I " Bruin did not hear a word of what 
Reynard said ; he never stopped a moment. But when the horse 
came into the farmyard, he galloped right through the stable door 
at such a speed, that he left both harness and sledge behind ; and 
Bruin  why he knocked his skull against the top of the door, and 
there he lay, dead on the spot. 

In the meantime the farmer went on turning over the one layer 
of leaves after the other, till he thought he had loaded his sledge ; 
but when he came round to tie the rope round the load, he saw 
neither horse nor sledge. So he had to tramp along the road 
looking for his horse. 

In a while he met the pedlar. " Have you met any horse and 
sledge?" said the farmer to the pedlar.  "No," said the pedlar, 
" but I met the sheriff down the road. He was in such a hurry, he 
was surely going to serve a writ on some one."  Shortly he met a 
beggar-woman. " Have you seen any horse and sledge on the 
road ?" he said to the beggar-woman.  " No," said the beggar-woman, 
" but I met the parson down below here ; he was surely going to- 



Brave Old Bruin. 



"3 



some sick person who was dying, for he travelled so fast, and he 
was driving in a common sledge."  In a while the farmer met the 
fox, " Have you seen anj^horse and sledge ? " asked the farmer.  
" Yes," answered Reynard, " but old Bruin sat on the sledge and 
drove just as if he had stolen both horse and turn-out. ,,  " Bad 
luck to him, the rascal ! " said the farmer. " I suppose he will 
drive my horse to death."  M If he does, take and skin him and 
roast him on the cinders," said Reynard ; " but if you should get 
your horse back again, you might give me a ride over the mountain 
one day ; I have such a mind to try what it's like to have four 
legs before me."  "What will you give for the lift? "asked the 
farmer.  " Oh, anything you like, wet or dry," said the fox ; 
" you'll always get as much out of me as of old Bruin, for he is 
generally a rough fellow to deal with, when he goes a-driving and 
sticks to the horse's back."  " Well, yes ! you shall have a lift over 
the mountain," said the farmer, " if you'll meet me here to-morrow 
about this time." He guessed that Reynard was going to make a 
fool of him and play off some of his tricks upon him ; so he took a 
loaded gun with him in the sledge next day, and when Reynard 
came, thinking to get the drive promised him for nothing, he got a 
charge of shot in his body. The farmer flayed him as he had 
the bear, and so he had both bear-skin and fox-skin. 



X 




MOTHER BERTHA'S STORIES. 



REYNARD had been ringed and shot ; his funeral was celebrated 
at the bailiff's, and in the evening the festivities wound up with a 
dance. In consideiation of the day's work, the acquired glory, and 
the five miles' journey I had before me, we got permission to break 
up soon after eleven, and the bailiff offered me in the bargain a 
horse and sledge. It was an offer worthy of all honour ; but as the 
road was twice as long as the way I had come on my snowshoes I 
preferred this direct route, and with the fox and the gun on my 
back, and the staff in-rny hand, I set out homewards. The snow 
was in splendid condition for my mode of travelling ; there had 
been a little sunshine during the day and the chill of the evening 



Mother Bertha's Stories. 117 

had formed a light crust on the deep snow ; the moon shone 
brightly, and the stars were twinkling in the sky. 

What more could I desire ? Away I went, down the hills, over 
the fields, and through the woods, past the erect, silvery beech- 
trees, the crowns of which formed lofty, sparkling domes of a white, 
glistening tissue, under which the owls sat relating their terrible 
stories in the peaceful night. The hare cried and complained of 
the terrible February cold and the disgusting chatter of the owls ; 
the fox was out on love-adventures, abused his rivals, and uttered 
scoffing screams and howls. 

I kept on the side of the parish road for some distance, and 
then a person in a big fur-coat and driving in a sledge came up 
with mc. Seeing by the gun and the fox, which I carried on my 
back, that I was a sportsman, he entered into conversation with me. 
If I hurried down to the river, he said, I should be sure to fall in 
with a pack of wolves, for just as he was driving up the hill close 
to the sound, they started up the river on the ice. I thanked him 
for the information, and made for the river, and came out at a 
point where a pine wood stretched itself down to the river's edge, 
and prevented a full view of the river. I saw no signs of the 
wolves. I rushed, however, down the hill on my snow-shoes, 
sweeping through the wood in the shadow of the pine-trees, with 
the protruding alder branches continually slapping me in the face. 
It was impossible for me to distinguish any object, as I sped on 
with the swiftness of an arrow, and before I knew where I was I 
had run against the stump of a tree. I lay with my head buried 
in the snow, and with one of my snowshoes broken. 

When I got on my feet, I felt such a pain in one of my legs that 
I could scarcely stand. I crept about on my knees for some time 
till I at last found my gun, which was buried in the snow. I had 
scarcely lain down in wait near the bank of the river, before the 
pack of wolves came leisurely along on the ice ; there were five of 
them altogether. I waited with a sportsman's impatience ; when 
they were about forty paces distant, I put my gun up and fired, 
first one barrel, which missed fire, and then the other, which went 
off; but the bullet hit the tops of the pine trees on the other side 



n8 Mother Bertha's Stories. 

of the river, and the wolves set off at full speed with their tails 
straight out behind them. 

I rose rather annoyed ; the pain in my leg had grown more in- 
tense ; but with the help of my gun as a stick, I dragged myself out 
on the river to see whereabouts I really was. To my great joy I saw 
a column of smoke ascending between the tops of the trees on the 
opposite bank, and I also discovered a roof of a cottage amid the 
pines. I knew the place now, it was Tuppenhaug, a small farm 
held by a tenant on the estate where I lived at that time. With 
great difficulty I crawled up the steep incline, which might have 
been a couple of hundred paces in length, and had the satisfaction 
to see the light from a big fire shining through the windows. I 
limped towards the door, raised the latch, and entered the room, 
just as I was, covered all over with snow. 

" Bless me, who can that be ! " cried old Mother Bertha in a 
great fright, and dropped a leg of dried mutton which she had on 
her knee. She was sitting on a small stool in front of the fire, 
cutting herself some slices off the mutton. 

"Good evening, Bertha," I said ; " don't be afraid ! You know 
me, I think 1 " 

" Ah, is it the student, who is out so late ? I really was fright- 
ened ; you looked so white, with all that snow on you, and it's so 
late," answered old Bertha, and rose from her seat. 

I told her of my mishap, and asked her to call one of the lads 
and send him up to the house for a horse and sledge. 

" Well, it is, as I say, that the wolves take their revenge," she 
muttered to herself. " They wouldn't believe it when they chased 
and ringed them last year, and Peter broke his leg ; now he knows 
that they take their revenge." 

" Some of the neighbours have been carting timber from the 
river lately," she continued, as she went over to the bed in the 
corner of the room, where the family lay sleeping and snoring in 
chorus, " so there is a good road across the fields on the snow. 
Here, Little Ola, get up and go for a horse for the student I Don't 
you hear, Ola I " 

" Oh, yes ! " sa : d Little Ola through his nose, and began putting 



Mother Bertha's Stories. 



119 



his clothes on. He enjoyed a good sleep too well to be so easily- 
disturbed. He never had done rubbing his eyes, gaping, gasping, 
and asking silly questions, before he managed to extricate himself 
from the entangled bed-clothes and specimens of humanity in the 
bed, and got his trousers and jacket on, and before he could really 
understand what he was to do. The promise of a sixpence seemed, 
however, to impart some clearness to his comprehension and even 




dispel his fear at the thought of passing the birch-tree on the 
road where Ole Askerud hung himself. While this was going on 
between the white-haired Ola and old Bertha, I took a survey of 
the room and its contents  looms, spinning wheels, chairs, brooms, 
buckets and half-finished axe-handlcs. the hens on their perch be- 
hind the door, the old musket under the roof, the long poles under 
the rafters groaning under the weight of steaming stockings, and 



i2o Mother Bertha's Stories. 



hundreds of other things, which I will not tire my readers by 
enumerating. 

When the boy at last was gone, old Bertha seated herself again 
by the hearth. She was in her holiday dress, the one worn by old 
people in her native district Hadeland, where she came from when 
she moved to Romerike  a blue jacket trimmed with braid, black 
kilted skirt, and cap with ruffles and bows. Her sharp immovable 
eyes with irregular pupils, her projecting chin, her broad nose, and 
her yellow complexion gave Bertha's face a strange, Oriental, 
almost witchlike appearance ; and this was not to be wondered at, 
because she was considered the first wise woman for a good many 
miles around. 

I wondered that she still was up, and I asked if she expected 
visitors, since she had her best clothes on. 

" No, not that exactly," she answered, " but I have been up in 
Ullensogn to sec to a woman who suffered from a wasting disease, 
and from that place I was fetched to a youngster who had the 
rickets. I had to read and melt lead over that child. I have 
only just returned home, although they drove me as far as the 
innkeeper's." 

" But if I recollect rightly, Bertha, you can cure sprains as 
well ? " I asked, as seriously as possible. 

"Oh yes, I think I can, for Siri, our neighbour, didn't get 
well before I came to her, although the doctor and Mother Kari, 
on the farm just below here, had been experimenting on her leg," 
she said with a wicked expression; "and if you think it will do 
any good," she continued, with a suspicious look, "I don't think it 
would hurt your foot to read over a little brandy and put on it" 

" Yes, do so, Bertha, read over the brandy and try it ; it's sure 
to do me good," I said, hoping to become initiated into one or 
other of the mysteries of the art of healing by magic. Bertha 
fetched a square, bluish-looking flask, and a glass with a wooden 
item, from her flower-painted cupboard, poured out the brandy, put 
the glass on the hearth by her side, buttoned up my snow socks, 
and pulled my boot off. She then began making crosses over the 
brandy and whispering into it, but as she was rather deaf herself, 



Mother Bertha's Stories. 121 

she did not adjust her voice to my car, and so I heard the whole 
formula :  

" As I was riding through a gate, 
My black horse chanced to get a sprain, 
Flesh placed 'gainst flesh, and blood 'gainst blood 
Have made my black horse well again." 

Her voice now subsided to an inaudible whisper. The end of the 
verse consisted of a repetition of the word " fy, " which she hurled 
to the four corners of the world. 

During the height of this incantation she had risen from her seat ; 
now she sat down again by the hearth. The cold brandy, which 
she now poured over my foot, had a pleasant cooling effect. 

" I think it has already done me good. Bertha," said I ; "but 
tell me, what was that you read over the brandy ? " 

" No, I dare not tell you that, for you might tell the parson 
and the doctor," she said with a sly grin, which apparently meant 
that she did not care much for either of them; "and I had to 
promise the one who taught it to me that I would not tell any 
human being except my own kin. I have sworn to it with such a 
frightful oath, that I hope I shall never utter anything so frightful 
again." 

" Well, there is no use asking you any more about that, Bertha," 
said I, " but I suppose it's no secret, who taught you the art ? He 
must have been a regular sorcerer." 

" Yes, you are quite right there ; he was a regular sorcerer  he 
was my mother's own brother, Mads in Hurdale," she answered. 
" He could read over and cure all sorts of ailments and sprains, 
stop bleeding, melt lead, and tell of stolen goods ; and to tell the 
truth, he knew also a little about witchcraft, and could afflict people 
with evil. It was he who taught me 1 But wise as he was, he could 
not protect himself 'gainst witchcraft for all that! " 

" How?" I asked, "was he bewitched then? Was he possessed?" 

" No, not exactly," answered Bertha. "But something happened 
to him, and afterwards he seemed to be quite another man for 
some time. He must have been spellbound by the huldre. You 



i22 Mother Bertha's Stories. 



don't think it's true, I suppose," she said with a searching look ; 
"but it was my mother's brother, as I told you, and I have heard 
him tell it and swear to it over a hundred times." 

" He lived at Knoe, in Hurdale, and he was often up in the 
mountain cutting wood and timber, and when he was up there, he 
used to live there altogether; he built himself a hut of pine 
branches, and lighted a fire in front of it at night, and there he 
used to sleep. He and two others were once living thus in the 
forest. He had just felled a big tree, and sat resting himself on 
it, when a ball of worsted came rolling down a bare part of the 
rock right before his feet. He thought it was very strange ; he 
was afraid to pick up the ball. It would have been a good thing 
for him if he never had touched it. But he looked up the moun- 
tain, as he wanted to see where it came from, and on the top 
of a rock sat a lassie and sewed. She was so fair and so lovely 
that the air seemed to shine round her. 

"Bring me that ball of worsted," she said. He did so, and 
remained standing near her and looking at her. He thought he 
never should tire looking at her; she seemed so lovely to him. 
But he had to take his axe at last and begin cutting trees again. 
When he had been working away for some time, he looked up, 
but then she was gone. He could not help thinking of her all 
day ; it seemed very strange to him, and he did not know what 
to think about it. But when the evening came, and he and his 
two comrades were going to bed, he wanted to lie between them ; 
but there was not much help in that, I should say, for during 
the night the huldre came and took him away with her. He 
had to go, whether he liked or not. So they came into the moun- 
tain, where he found everything so splendid that he had never seen 
anything so grand before, and he never could describe it properly. 
He was three days with the huldre. The third night he awoke 
and found himself in bed between his two comrades again. They 
thought he had been home for provisions, and he told them he had 
done so. But he was not quite in his right senses afterwards ; just 
as he was sitting down, he would jump up and run away ; he was 
spellbound, I can tell you. 



Mother Bertha's Stories. 125 

- 1  - -  - ~ 

" But a good while after that he was up in the wood busy cutting 
up some materials for fencing. He was driving a wedge into a big 
log, when, as he thought, his wife came up to him with his dinner. 
It was cream porridge, floating in butter. She brought it in a pail, 
which was so bright that it shone like silver. She sat down on the 
log, while he put his axe aside and seated himself on a stump near 
her; but he then discovered that there was a cow's tail hanging 
down into the cleft in the log. 

" Now you may easily suppose that he did not touch the por- 
ridge, but he sat laughing and playing with the wedge, until it 
came out and the tail was nipped by the log, and at the same time 
he wrote a sacred name on the pail. 

" But the huldre took to her heels then, you may be sure ; she 
jumped up in such a hurry that the tail came right off and stuck in 
the log, and she was gone,  he did not see what became of her. 
The pail was only of bark, and there was nothing but dirt in it. 
Since that time he scarcely ever dared to go out in the wood, for 
he was afraid she would have her revenge upon him. 

" But four or five years after that, a horse of his ran away from 
the farm, and he had to go himself and look for it. All of a 
sudden, while he was walking through the forest, he found himself 
inside a hut with some people, but he never knew how he came 
there. An ugly old hag was walking about the room tidying it 
up, and in a corner sat a child, who might be about four years old. 
The woman took the beer-tankard and went over to the child with 
it and said : ' Go and give your father a drink ! ' He got so 
frightened that he took to his heels, and since he has never seen 
or heard of her or the youngster ; but he was always queer and 
confused after that." 

"Yes, but he must have been a fool, that Mads," I said, "he 
couldn't have been much of a wise man, since he couldn't mind 
himself better. But that about the ball of grey worsted was very 
amusing." 

Bertha thought so also, but such a wise man as Mads was could 
not, however, be found for many miles around. While we were 
sitting and chatting about this, I asked Bertha to bring me my 



i26 Mother Bertha's Stories. 

game-bag, and when I had filled my pipe she gave me a lighted 
piece of wood end commenced a new story, which I had heard 
she knew. 

" One summer, long, long ago, the Melbustad people sent their 
cattle up to their dairy in the Halland hills. But before long the 
cattle began to be so restless that it was impossible to manage 
them. They set one young lass after the other to watch them, but 
there was no peace to be had till they got a young woman who 
had just been engaged. The cattle suddenly became quiet, and it 
was no trouble to look after them after that time. She was there 
all by herself with the exception of a dog. She was sitting in the 
dairy one afternoon, when her sweetheart, as she thought, came in 
and sat alongside her, and began speaking about their wedding. 
But she sat quite silent and made no answer, for she began to feel 
so strange. By and by more people came in, and they began to 
lay the table and put all sorts of dishes and silver plate on it. 
The bridesmaids brought in the bridal crown, the silver ornaments, 
and a fine wedding gown, which they put on her. They put the 
crown on her head, as was usual at that time, and on her fingers 
they put rings. 

" She thought she knew the people who were there ; they were 
farmers' wives, and some girls of her own age were there also. But 
the dog must have noticed that there was something wrong. He 
set off for Melbustad, and began whining and barking, and gave 
them no peace till they showed signs to go back with him. 

" Her sweetheart took his rifle and set out for the dairy; when 
he came to the slope in front of it, he saw a number of saddled 
horses about the place. He stole up to the house and looked 
through the door, which was ajar, and he saw all the people who 
were sitting in the room. He soon guessed that it was all witch- 
craft, and so he fired his gun over the roof of the dairy. The next 
moment the door flew wide open, and a number of balls of worsted 
the one bigger than the other, came rolling out of the door between 
his legs. When he went in he found his sweetheart in her wedding- 
dress, and with crown on ; all she wanted was a ring on her little 
finger. 



Mother Bertha's Stories. 127 



u  But, good heavens, what does all this mean ? ' he asked, and 
looked round. All the silver plate was yet on the table, but all the 
fine dishes had turned to moss and mushrooms, dirt and toads, 
frogs, and all such things. 

" ' What's the meaning of all this ? ' he repeated. ' You are 
sitting here dressed like a bride.' 

" l How can you ask such a question ? ' said she. ' You have 
been sitting here and talking to me about the wedding all the 
afternoon.' 

" ' You are mistaken ; I only came this minute,' he said. * But 
it must have been some one who had taken my appearance.' 

" She then began to come back to her senses ; but she was 
not quite herself for some time afterwards. She told him that 
she thought she had plainly seen him and their relations and 
neighbours amorgst the people who were there. He took her 
with him home at once, and that there should come no more 
witchery to her, they were married there and then while she still 
was dressed in the finery of the fairies. The crown and the 
dress were hung up at Melbustad, and they say they are there to 
this day." 

" But I have heard that this happened in Valders, Bertha," 
said I. 

" No, this happened exactly as I told you in Halland," she 
answered, " but when I was at home, I heard some one from Valders 
speak of something which had taken place there, and which I'll 
now tell you." 

" On one of the farms in Valders there was a girl called Barbro, 
and she was once up at a dairy. She was sitting one day at her 
work when she suddenly heard some one shouting over in a hill : 

" ' King Haaken, King Haakcn ! ' 

" ' Yes,' answered King Haaken, till it sounded all over the hills. 

" ' King Haaken, my son, will you get married ? ' it cried again in 
the hill. 

" 'Yes, that I will/ said King Haaken, 'if I can have Barbro in 
the dairy over yonder ! ' 

" * Yes, yes, we'll see to that,* Barbro heard the voice in the hill 



128 Mother Bertha's Stories. 

answer, and she got so frightened that she did not know what to 
do. 

" Before long a lot of people came into the room, the one after the 
other, carrying food and drink on silver dishes and in silver jugs, 
wedding dress, with crown and brooches and such finery. They 
commenced laying the table and some began dressing her for the 
wedding. She felt, as if she could not resist them. 

"This girl also had a sweetheart and he happened to be out 
shooting on the mountain. But suddenly such a fear came over 
him that he seemed as if he must go to the dairy. When he came 
in sight of the house, he saw a number of black horses with old- 
fashioned saddles and harness about, and he soon guessed what was 
going on. He stole round to a small window and looked in, 
when he saw the whole company ; King Haaken was the bride- 
groom and the bride was ready dressed. 

" ' I don't think there is anything else to be done now except to 
turn her eyes/ said one of the bridesmaids. 

"The lad thought it was high time to put a stop to it all, and he 
took a silver-button, which had come down to him, put it in his 
rifle and fired right at King Haaken, who fell. But the wedding- 
guests rushed out taking the body of King Haaken with them. 
The food had turned into moss, and toads, which jumped away 
and hid themselves. The only things which were left were the 
wedding dress and a silver dish and they are still to be seen at 
the farm." 

Mother Bertha told me many other stories till we heard the 
noise of the sledge in the snow and the horses panting outside the 
door. I put some coins into Bertha's hand for her advice and 
attention, and in a quarter of an hour I was at home. 

A bandage of vinegar and cold water soon put my foot right ; 
but when Mother Bertha one day came into the kitchen and was 
appropriating to herself all the honour of my rapid cure by her 
art, the children could no longer restrain themselves. They 
shouted into her ears the incantation verse which I had taught 
them and asked her if she believed that a drop of brandy and her 
nonsense could cure a sprain. This made her rather suspicious and 



Mother Bertha's Stories. 



131 



although she told me many a wonderful story after that time I 
never succeeded with all my cunning and persuasion in bringing 
Bertha Tuppenhaug to lift a corner of that icy veil in which she 
shrouded the mysteries of her incantations, lead melting, miraculous 
cures, and healing by magic. 





THE SMITH AND THE DEVIL. 



Once upon a time, in those days when the saints used to wander 
about on earth, two of them came to a smith. He had made a 
bargain with the devil that he should belong to him after seven 
years, if he during that time was to be the master over all masters 
in his profession. Both he and the devil had put their names to 
this contract. So the smith wrote with great letters over the 
smithy door : " Here lives the master over all masters." 

When the two saints saw this, they went in to the smith, and 
the elder asked him: "Who are you?"  " Read what there's 
written over the door," answered the smith ; " but perhaps you 



The Smith and the Devil. 133 

cannot read writing, so you had better wait till some one comes by 
who cart help you." Before the saint could answer him a man 
came with his horse, which he asked the smith to shoe for him. 
" Will you let me shoe it ? " asked the saint " You may try," said 
the smith ; " you cannot do it so badly but I shall be able to put it 
right again." The saint went out and took one leg off the horse 
and put it in the fire on the forge and made the shoe red hot ; he 
then sharpened the points, clenched the nails, and put the leg back 
in its place again. When he had done with that leg, he took the 
other fore-leg, and did the same with it ; and when he had put 
that in its place, he took the hind-legs, first the right and then the 
left, put them in the fire, made the shoes red hot, sharpened the 
points and clenched the nails, and then he put them on the horse 
again. The smith stood and looked on all the while. "You are 
not such a bad smith after all," he said. " Ah, you think so," said 
the saint. 

Just then the smith's mother came across to the smithy and 
asked him to come home and eat his dinner ; she was very old, 
and had a crooked back and big wrinkles in her face, and she was 
scarcely able to walk. 

"Take notice of what you now will see," said the saint He 
took the woman, put her in the fire, and forged a young, lovely 
maiden out of her. " I say what I said before," said the smith, 
"you are not at all a bad smith. You will find over my door: 
' Here lives the master over all masters,' but for all that, I now see 
that one learns as long as he lives"  and with that he went home 
and ate his dinner. 

As soon as he came back to the smithy, a man came riding, who 
wanted to have his horse shod. " I shall soon do that for you," 
said the smith ; " I have just learned a new way to shoe horses, and 
a very good one it is when the days are short ; " and so he com- 
menced cutting and breaking away at the horse's legs, till he got 
them all off  " for I don't see the use of going forwards and back- 
wards with one at a time," he said  and put the legs in the fire as 
he had seen the saint do. He put plenty of coals on, and let his 



134 The Smith and the Devil. 



boy work the bellows smartly ; but it went as one might expect 
the legs were burnt up, and the smith had to pay for the horse. 
This was not exactly to his liking, but at that moment a poor old 
woman, who went about begging, came past, and he thought if 
one thing does not succeed another may. So he took the old 
woman and put her in the fire, and although she cried and begged 
for her life, it was of no use. "You don't know what is good for 
you, although you are so old," said the smith; "I will make a 
young woman of you in half a minute, and I shan't charge as much 
as a penny for the job." 

It fared no better with .e poor old woman than with the horse's 
legs. Just then the saints came round again to him. "That was 
ill done," said the saint. " Oh, I don't think there are many who 
will be asking after her," answered the smith ; " but it is a great 
shame that the devil doesn't hold to what is written over the 
door."  " If you might have three wishes from me," said the saint, 
"what would you wish for yourself?" "Try me," answered the 
smith, "and you will get to know." 

The saint then gave him three wishes. " First of all, I wish 
that when I ask anybody to climb up in the pear-tree just outside 
the smithy, he must sit there till I myself ask him to come down 
again," said the smith. " Secondly, I wish that any one whom I 
ask to sit down in the arm-chair in the smithy there, must remain 
in it till I myself ask him to get up ; and, last of all, I wish that if I 
ask anybody to creep into the steel-ring purse which I have in my 
pocket, he must remain there till I give him leave to creep out 
again." 

" You have wished like a foolish man," said the other saint. 
" First of all you should have wished for leave to get into paradise." 
 " I dared not ask for that," said the smith, and bade the saints 
farewell. 

Well, days came and days passed, and when the time was up, 
the devil came to fetch the smith according to the agreement. 

" Are you ready now ? " he said, as he put his nose in at the door 
of the smithy. " Well, yes ; but I want to finish the head of this 



The Smith and the Devil. 135 



nail first," said the smith ; "just climb up into the pear-tree and 
take a pear. You must be both hungry and thirsty after your 
journey." The devil thanked him for the kind offer, and climbed 
up into the tree. 

" Now that I think of it," said the smith, " I don't think I shall 
get this head finished for the next four years, for this iron is so 
terribly hard. You can't come down in that time, but you may sit 
there and rest yourself." The devil begged- and prayed that he 
might get leave to come down again, but all in vain. At last he 
had to promise that he would not come back till the four years 
were out, and so the smith sad : " Well, on that condition you may 
come down." 

When the time was up, the devil came again to fetch the smith. 
" You are ready now, I suppose ? " he said. " I think you have had 
time to finish the head of that nail by this." " Yes, I have finished 
the head, of course," answered the smith ; " but still you have come 
a trifle too early, because I have not sharpened the point yet ; such 
hard iron I have never in my life worked at before. While I 
hammer down the point of the nail, you might as well sit down in 
my arm-chair and rest yourself, for I suppose you are pretty tired." 

The devil thanked him for his kindness, and sat down in the 
arm-chair ; but he had no sooner sat down for a good rest, than 
the smith said, that taking everything into consideration, he could 
not get the point properly sharpened in less than four years. The 
devil at first begged very prettily to be let out of the chair, and 
after a time he grew angry and began to threaten ; but the smith 
excused himself the best way he could, and said it was all the fault 
of the iron, for it was really so terribly hard, and gave the devil 
the consolation that he sat very comfortably in the arm-chair, 
and that he in four years' time would let him out exactly to 
the minute. There was no other help for it ; the devil had to 
promise that he would not come to fetch the smith till the four 
years were out, and so the smith said : " Well, on that condition 
you may go," and away the devil went as fast as he could. 

In four years' time the devil came again to fetch the smith. 



136 The Smith and the Devil. 



" You are ready now, of course ? " said the devil, as he put his nose 
in at the door of the smithy. u Ready, . quite ready," answered 
the smith ; " we can start when you like. But there is one thing," 
he continued, " which I have been standing here and thinking 
about for a long time, to ask you about. Is it true, what they say, 
that the devil can make himself as small as he likes ? "  " Yes, of 
course," answered the devil.  " Ah, perhaps you could do me the 
favour to creep into this steel-ring purse and see if there are any 
holes at the bottom," said the smith ; " I am so afraid I shall lose 
my money for the journey."  " Oh, yes, with pleasure," said the 
devil, and made himself small and crept into the purse. But he 
had scarcely got inside when the smith closed the purse. 

" It is safe and sound everywhere," said the devil inside the 
purse. 

" I am glad to hear you say that," answered the smith ; " but 
it is better to be prudent beforehand than wise afterwards. I 
think I will weld the joints a little better together, just for 
safety's sake you know," and with that he 'put the purse in the 
fire and made it red hot. 

u Oh dear ! oh dear ! " cried the devil ; " are you mad ? Don't 
you know I am inside the purse ? " 

"Yes, but I can't help you," said the smith. "There's an old 
saying, that 'one must strike while the iron is hot,'" and so he 
took his big sledge-hammer, put the purse on the anvil, and 
hammered away as hard as he could. 

"Oh dear! oh dear! oh dear!" screamed the devil inside the 
purse. " Dear friend, do let me out and I shalt never come back 
again." 

" Well, I think the joints are pretty well welded together now," 
said the smith, " so now you may come out again." With this he 
opened the purse, and the devil rushed away in such a hurry that 
he did not even look behind him. 

Some time after this, the smith began thinking that he had per- 
haps done a foolish thing by making the devil his enemy. " For 
suppose the saints above won't have me," he said, " I may run the 




The Smith and the Devil. 139 



risk of being homelesss altogether, since I have fallen out with the 
old man down below." He thought it would be as well to try and 
get into one of the two places at once, better early than late ; and 
so he took his sledge-hammer on his shoulder and started. When 
he had gone some distance, he came to a place where the road 
divides into two  one leading to paradise, and the other to the 
devil. Just at this point he overtook a tailor, who was hurrying 
along with his smoothing-iron in his hand. '* Good day/' said the 
smith, " where are you off to ? "  " To paradise, if I can get in 
there," answered the tailor ; " and you ? "  " Well, I shan't have 
the pleasure of your company for long then," answered the smith ; 
" I have made up my mind to try the other place first, because I 
happen to know the old man a little already." So they bade one 
another " Farewell," and each went his way. 

But the smith was a strong, powerful man, and he walked much 
faster than the tailor, so it did not take him long to get to his 
destination. He told the gatekeeper to go and tell his master that 
there was some one outside who wished to speak with him. 

" Go and ask who he is," said the devil to the gatekeeper, who 
went out and asked the smith. 

" Give your master my compliments, and tell him that it is the 
smith who has that purse which he knows of," said the smith ; 
"and just ask him kindly to let me in at once, for I have been 
working in the smithy till dinner-time, and since I have walked all 
the way." 

When the devil heard this, he ordered the gatekeeper to lock all 
the nine locks on the gate  " and put on an extra padlock as well," 
said the devil, "for if he comes inside, he will upset the place 
altogether."  " Well, there is no shelter to be got here, I see," said 
the smith, when he heard them locking the gate more securely ; 
" I had better try my luck in paradise." And with that he turned 
round and went back till he reached the cross road. There he 
followed the road which the tailor had taken. As he was rather 
angry at having had to walk all the way to the devil's and back for 
no good, he hurried on as fast as he could and reached the gate of 



140 



The Smith and the Devil. 



paradise just as St. Peter opened it a little, that the thin, skinny 
tailor might slip in. The smith was still six or seven paces from 
the gate. " I think it's best to make haste now," said the smith. 
He took the sledge-hammer and hurled it into the opening of the 
door just as the tailor got inside. 

If the smith didn't get in through the opening that time, I don't 
know what has become of him since. 



34 





THE THREE BILLY-GOATS WHO WENT UP" 
INTO THE HILLS TO GET FAT. 



THERE were once upon a time three Billy-goats, who were 
going up into the hills to get fat. On the way there was a bridge 
over a torrent which they had to cross. Under the bridge lived a 
big, ugly troll, with eyes as big as saucers, and a nose as long as. 
a rake-handle. 

First of all came the youngest Billy-goat, and was going over 
the bridge. Trip trap, trip trap, went the bridge.  " Who is that 



142 The Three Billy-goats. 

tripping over my bridge ? " shouted the troll.  " Oh I it's only the 
smallest Billy-goat ; I'm going up into the hills to get fat," said 
the goat ; he had such a small voice.  " I'm coming to take you ! " 
said the troll.  " Oh no ! please don't take me, for I am so little. 
Wait a while till the next Billy-goat comes ; he is much bigger." 
 " Very well 1 " said the trolL 

In a little while came the next Billy-goat, and was going over 
the bridge. Trip trap, trip trap, trip trap went the bridge.  
" Who is that tripping over my bridge ? " shouted the troll.  " Oh. 
it's only the second Billy-goat; I'm going up into the hills to get 
fat," said the goat ; he hadn't such a small voice as the first one. 
 "I'm coming to take you," said the troll. "Oh no! please 
don't take me, but wait till the big Billy-goat comes ; he is much 
bigger."  " Very well then I " said the troll. 

Just then came the big Billy-goat. Trip trap, trip trap, trip 
trap went the bridge. He was so heavy that the bridge creaked 
and groaned under him.  " Who is that tramping over my bridge ? " 
shouted the troll.  " It's the big Billy-goat I " said the goat ; he 
had an awful hoarse voice.  " I'm coming to take you," screamed 
the troll. 

" Come on, and blinded you shall reel 
From my two spears, whose points are steel. 
Like grain between two granite stones 
I'll crush your marrow and your bones ! " 

said the big Biiiy-goat, and flew straight at the troll and poked 
lis eyes out, crushed him, bones and all, to pieces, and pushed him 
out into the torrent, and then he went up into the hills. There the 
Billy-goats got so fat, that they were scarcely able to walk home 
again, and if the fat hasn't gone off them, they arc still as fat as 
ever. And snip, snap, snout, here my tale is out. 



. it 
W 








' '' * ** : '- ^^^fe^L,^ 


^ESpi '^'^ 


I ife .^fc^o^ 


Kg ^ 


 :i^^-i 1?^ 


v PgJgj 




PETER GYNT. 



In the olden days there lived in Kvam a hunter, whose name was 
Peter Gynt, and who was always roaming about in the mountains 
after bears and elks, for in those days there were more forests on 
the mountains than there are now, and consequently plenty of wild 
beasts. One evening late in the autumn, long after the cattle had 
left the mountains, Peter set out on one of his usual expeditions. 
All the dairy-maids had also gone away, except the three girls at 
the Vala dairy. When Peter came up towards Hovring, where he 
intended to stay for the night in a deserted dairy, it was so dark 
that he could scarcely see an arm's length before him. The dogs 



146 Peter Gynt. 




began barking violently, and it was altogether very dismal and 
unpleasant. All of a sudden he ran against something, and when 
he put his hand out, he felt it was cold and slippery and very 
big. As he didn't think he had gone off the road, he had no 
idea of what this something could be, but unpleasant it was at 
any rate. 

11 Who is it ? " asked Peter, for he could now feel it was moving. 

" Oh, it's Humpy," was the answer. 

Peter was no wiser for this, but walked on one side for some 
distance, thinking that so he would be able to pass the mysterious 
presence. But he ran against something again, and when he put 
his hand out he felt it was very big, cold, and slippery. 

" Who is it ? " asked Peter Gynt. 

" Oh, it's Humpy/' was the answer again. 

"Well, you'll have to let me pass, whether you are Humpy or 
not," said Peter, for he guessed now that he was walking round in 
a ring, and that the monster had circled itself round the dairy. 
Just then the monster shifted itself a little, and Peter got past and 
soon found the house. When he came inside he found it was 
no lighter in there than outside. He was feeling his way about 
along the wall to put his gun away and hang his bag up, but while 
he was groping about in this way, he felt again something cold, 
big, and slippery. 

" Who is it ? * shouted Peter. 

" Oh, it's the big Humpy," was the answer. Wherever he put 
his hands out or tried to get past he ran against the monster. 

" It's not very pleasant to be here, I am sure," thought Peter, 
a since this Humpy is both outside and inside, but I'll try if I can't 
shunt this intruder out of my way." 

So he took his gun and went outside, feeling his way carefully, 
till he found what he thought was the head of the monster, which 
he felt sure was a monster troll. 

" What are you, and who are you ? " asked Peter. 

* Oh, I am the big Humpy from Etnedale," said the troll. Peter 
did not lose a moment, but fired three shots right into the troll's 
head. 



Peter Gynt. 147 



"Fire another," said the troll. But Peter knew better; if he 
had fired another shot, the bullet would have rebounded against 

himself. 

Both Peter and the dogs then commenced dragging the troll out 
of the house, so that they might come inside and make themselves 
comfortable. Whilst he was so employed he heard jeers and 
laughter in the hills round about. 

" Peter dragged a bit, but the doggies dragged more," said a 
voice. 

Next morning he went out stalking. When he came in between 
the hills, he saw a lassie, who was calling some sheep up a hill-side. 
But when he came up to the place, she was gone and the sheep 
too, and he saw nothing but a pack of bears. 

" Well, I never saw bears in a pack before," said Peter to him- 
self. When he went nearer, they had all disappeared, except one. 

" Look after your pig, 
For Peter Gynt is out 
Wit hhis gun so big," 

shouted a voice over in the hill. 

" Ah, he can't hurt my pig ; he hasn't washed himself to-day," 
said another voice in the hill. Peter washed his hands with some 
water he had with him. He fired, and shot the bear. Then he 
heard more jeers and laughter in the hill. 

" You should have looked after your pig ! " cried a voice. 

" I forgot he carried water with him," answered another. 

Peter skinned the bear and buried the carcase. On his way 
home he met a fox. 

" Look at my lamb ! How fat it is," said a voice in a hill. 

" Look at Peter, he is lifting that gun .of his," said another voice, 
just as Peter put his gun up and shot the fox. He skinned the 
fox also, and took the skin with him. When he came to the dairy, 
he put both the head of the fox and the bear on the wall outside 
the house, with their jaws wide open. So he lighted a fire and put 
a pot on to boil some soup, but the chimney smoked so terribly 
that he could scarcely keep his eyes open, and had therefore to 

L 2 



148 Peter Gynt. 



open a small window. Some time after a troll came and poked 
his nose in ; the nose was so long that it reached across the room 
to the fireplace. 

" Here is a proper nose, if you like," said the troll. 

" And here is proper soup I You never tasted the like ; " and 
with that he poured the boiling soup over the troll's nose. The 
troll ran away wailing and crying, but in all the hills around they 
were jeering and laughing, and the voices shouted : 

" Nosey stew ! Nosey stew I " 

It was now quiet for some time. Shortly Peter heard a great 
noise and bustle outside the house. He looked out, and saw a 
big carriage drawn by bears. They were carting away the big 
monster into the mountain. Suddenly a bucket of water was 
thrown down the chimney ; the fire was put out, and Peter sat all 
in the dark. Then a laughing and chuckling commenced in all 
corners of the room, and a voice said :  

" Now Peter is no better off than the girls at Vala." 

So Peter made the fire again, shut up the dairy, and set off 
for the Vala dairy, taking the dogs with him. When he had gone 
some distance he saw such a glare of light in the direction of 
the dairy that it seemed to him the house must be on fire. Just 
then he came across some wolves. Some of these he shot, and 
some his dogs killed. But when he came to the dairy it was all 
dark there; there was no sign of any fire. There were three 
strangers in the room amusing themselves with the dairy-maids, 
and one outside the door. They were four hill-trolls, and their 
names were Gust, Tron, Tjostol, and Rolf. Gust was standing 
outside keeping watch, while the others were inside courting the 
girls. Peter fired at Gust, but missed him. But the troll ran away 
frightened, and when Peter came inside he found the trolls flirting 
with the girls more desperately than ever. Two of them were 
terribly frightened and were saying their prayers, but the third, 
who was called Mad Kari, wasn't a bit afraid. They might come 
there for all she cared ; she would like to see what sort of fellows 
they were. But when the trolls found that Peter was in the room 
they began whining, and told Rolf to get a light. And then the 



Petkr Gynt. 149 



dogs rushed at Tjostol and knocked him over on his back into the 
burning embers of the fire, so the sparks flew about him. 

"Did you see any of my snakes about, Peter?" asked Tron  
that was what he called the wolves. 

" I'll send you the same way as the snakes," said Peter, and fired 
a shot at him, and then he' killed Tjostol with the butt-end of his 
rifle. Rolf had fled through the chimney. 

So when he had cleared all the trolls out, the girls packed up 
their things, and Peter accompanied them home. They dared not 
stay any longer up on the hills. 

Shortly before Christmas, Peter set out again on another expe- 
dition. He had heard of a farm on Dovrefell which was invaded by 
such a number of trolls every Christmas-eve that the people on the 
farm had to move out, and get shelter at some of their neighbours. 
He was anxious to go there, for he had a great fancy to come across 
the trolls again. He dressed himself in some old ragged clothes, 
and took a tame white bear, which he had, with him, as well as an 
awl, some pitch, and twine. When he came to the farm he went in 
and asked for lodgings. 

" God help us ! M said the farmer ; " we can't give you any lodg- 
ings. We have to clear out of the house ourselves soon and look 
for lodgings, for every Christmas-eve we have the trolls here." 

But Peter thought he should be able to clear the trolls out  he 
had done such a thing before ; and then he got leave to stay, and a 
pig's skin into the bargain. The bear lay down behind the fire- 
place, and Peter took out his awl, and pitch, and twine, and began 
making a big, big shoe, which it took the whole pig's skin to make. 
He put a strong rope in for laces, that he might pull the shoe tightly 
together, and, finally, he armed himself with a couple of hand- 
spikes. 

Shortly he heard the trolls coming. They had a fiddler with 
them, and some began dancing, while others fell to eating the 
Christmas fare on the table  some fried bacon, and some fried 
frogs and toads, and other nasty things which they had brought 
with them. During this some of the trolls found the shoe Peter 
had made. They thought it must belong to a very big foot. They 



ISO 



Peter Gynt. 



all wanted to try it on at once, so they put a foot each into it ; but 
Peter made haste and tightened the rope, took one of the hand- 
spikes and fastened the rope round it, and got them at last 
securely tied up in the shoe. 

Just then the bear put his nose out from behind the fireplace, 
where he was lying, and smelt they were frying something. 

" Will you have a sausage, pussy ? " said one of the trolls, and 
threw a hot frog right into the bear's jaw. 

" Scratch them, pussy ! " said Peter. 

The bear got so angry that he rushed at the trolls and scratched 
them all over, while Peter took the other handspike and hammered 
away at them as if he wanted to beat their brains out;. The trolls 
had to clear out at last, but Peter stayed and enjoyed himself with 
all the Christmas fare the whole week. After that the trolls were 
not heard of there for many years. 

Some years afterwards, about Christmas-time, the fanner was 
out in the forest cutting wood for the holidays, when a troll came 
up to him and shouted  

" Have you got that big pussy of yours, yet ? " 

" Oh, yes, she is at home behind the fireplace," said the farmer ; 
"and she has got seven kittens all bigger and larger than herself." 

" JVe'll never come to you any more, then," said the troll. 




LEGENDS OF THE MILL. 



WHEN the world goes against me, and it is very seldom it 
forgets to do so whenever there is an opportunity, I have always 
felt a relief in taking walks in the open air as an alleviation of 
my portion of troubles and anxieties. What there was the matter 
with me on this occasion I cannot now remember, but what I 



iS2 Legends of the Mill. 

 

clearly recollect is, that one summer afternoon some years ago I 
took my fishing-rod and strolled through thd fields on the eastern 
side of the Akers river, on my way to the outlet of the Maridale 
lake. 

The bright air, the scent of the new-mown hay, the fragrance of 
the flowers, the singing of the birds, the walk and the fresh breezes 
from the river, greatly revived my spirits. When I came to the 
bridge by the outlet, the sun was sinking behind the ridge of the 
hills, at one moment lighting up the evening clouds with all his 
lustre, that they for a brief time might rejoice in their borrowed 
splendour and reflect themselves in the clear waters of the lake, 
and then for another brief moment breaking through the clouds 
and sending forth a ray of light, which formed golden paths in the 
dark pine-forests of the farther shore. After the hot day the 
evening breeze carried a refreshing fragrance from the pine-trees, 
and the distant expiring notes of the cuckoo's evening song dis- 
posed the mind to sadness. My eyes followed mechanically the 
drifting flies as they floated down the river with the stream. 

But look I there rose a silvery fish ; the line ran whizzing oflf the 
reel, and when I stopped it the rod stood bent into a hoop ; it must 
be a trout of about two pounds ! There was now no time for going 
into raptures about the fragrance of the pine-trees or the cuckoo's 
notes ; I wanted all my presence of mind to land the fish. The 
current was strong and the fish fought bravely, and as I had no 
landing-net I had to pay out more line, and wind in again twice or 
thrice, before I could bring him with the current into a small bay, 
where he was successfully landed and found to be a fine purple- 
spotted fish of the size I had supposed. 

I went on trying for fish along the western bank down the river, 
but only small trout rose at my flies, and a score was the total 
catch. 

When I came to the saw-mill at Braekke, the sky was overcast, 
it was already growing dark, only above the level of the north- 
western horizon there appeared a streak of light, which threw a 
subdued glimmer on the tranquil surface of the mill-pond. I went 
out on the timber boom and made a few casts, but with little 



Legends of the Mill. 153 

success. Not a breath of air was stirring, the winds seemed to 
have gone to rest. My flies alone disturbed the placid waters. 

A half-grown-up lad, who was standing behind me on the bank, 
advised me to "troll with bait"  a cluster of worms fastened to 
the hook, which is dragged in jerks over the surface of the water  
and offered to find the bait for me. I took his advice, and the 
trial succeeded beyond expectation ; a trout of a pound weight 
rose to the bait, and was not without some difficulty landed on the 
inconvenient spot where I was standing. But with this the day's 




sport seemed to be over ; no fish ruffled the tranquil pond, the bats 
alone, which shot backwards and forwards in the air, produced 
sometimes, when they pounced down after the insects, trembling 
ripples which quivered over the bright surface of the water. 

Before me was the saw-mill-, its interior was lighted up by a 
blazing fire on the open hearth. The mill was in full work, but its 
wheels, its saws and levers, no longer appeared to be guided or 
directed by any human will or hand ; it seemed to be a mere toy 
under the invisible power, and subject to the whim, of the mill 



I-  



154 Legends of the Mill. 



goblin. Soon, however, human forms became visible. One of 
these went out on the timber raft lying in the mill-pond, and with 
an immense pitchfork guided the logs into the channel towards 
the mill, setting the whole raft rocking with a wave-like motion ; 
another rushed hurriedly about with an axe in his hand, shaping 
and squaring the huge logs, while the loose chips and bits of bark 
rushed into the roaring eddies below. From inside the mill there 
came a whizzing, whirring, and clashing sound, and now and then a 
bright saw-blade flashed in the air, as if in combat with the spirits 
of the night, to cut the stumps and uneven ends off the logs. 

Some cold gusts of a northerly wind coming down the course of 
the river made me feel that I was wet and tired, and I decided 
therefore on going into the saw-mill to get a little rest by the fire. 
I called to the boy, who was still standing on the bank, to take 
the fish-basket, which I had left behind, and follow me over the 
barrier ; the slippery logs of which this was composed were rocking 
up and down, and were engulfed in the water at every step I took. 

By the hearth in the mill sat an old grey-bearded peasant, with 
a red cap down over his ears, whose presence I did not at first 
discern, as the shadow of the hearth hid him from me. When he 
heard that I wished to rest and warm myself, he at once prepared 
a seat for me on a block by the fire. 

" That's a splendid fish," said the old man as he took the last 
trout I had caught in his hand ; " and it's one of the golden ones 
too 1 It weighs almost two pounds. You have caught it in the 
mill-pond here, I suppose ? " 

On my assenting to this, the old man, who appeared to be an 
ardent fisherman, told me of the large trout he caught in the 
neighbourhood thirty years ago, when he came here from Gud- 
brandsdale, and made the most heartrending complaints of the 
decrease of fish and increase of saw-dust, just as Sir Humphry 
Davy makes in his Salmonia. 

"The fish are becoming more and more scarce," he said in a 
voice that penetrated clearly to me through the noise in the mill ; 
" such a trout as that, small as it is, is a rare thing to catch now, 
but the saw-dust increases year by year. You cannot wonder that 



V. 



Legends of the Mill. 155 



the fish doesn't go into the river, for if he opens his mouth to get a 
mouthful of clear water, he gets his gills choked with saw-dust and 
shavings. Drat that saw-dust, although I shouldn't forget it is the 
mill that feeds me and mine, but I get so wild when I think of the 
big fellows I have landed here in days gone by." 

The boy had in the meantime arrived with the basket, but he 
seemed to be ill at ease amid the noise and commotion which pre- 
vailed in the mill. He stepped cautiously over the boards, and in 
his face was depicted fear and anxiety at the rush of the water 
between the wheels underneath the floor where he was standing. 

"This is an awful place to be in," he said. " I wish I was safe 
at home again." 

" Don't you belong to these parts ?" I asked. 

" Where do you come from ? " asked the old man. 

11 Oh, I come from the Old Town," answered the lad, who all 
the time kept himself as close to me as possible. " I have been 
over to the clerk at Braekke with a letter for the bailiff ; and I am 
so afraid to go alone in the dark." 

" You ought to be ashamed of yourself, such a big lad as you 
are," said the old man, but added in a comforting tone, " the moon 
will be up shortly, and perhaps you may go in company with this 
stranger here." 

I promised the lad my company as far as the Beier bridge, which 
seemed to reassure him somewhat. In the meantime the saw was 
stopped and two of the men began filing and sharpening the blades, 
which produced such a piercing sound that it went through bone 
and marrow. It is very often heard at night through the rush of 
the waters as far as the town below. It seemed to have a very 
unpleasant effect upon the nerves of the frightened lad. 

" Ugh ! I dared not stay here a night for all the world ! " he 
said, and stared around him, as if he expected to see a mill-goblin 
rise through the floor, or a brownie in every corner. 

"Well, I have been here many a night," said the old man, "and 
little reward have I had for it." 

" My mother has told me that there is witchcraft and all sorts of 
evil spirits in these mills," remarked the lad, somewhat alarmed. 



J $6 LEGENDS OF THE MILL. 

" I can't say I have seen anything," said the old man. " The 
water has, to be sure, been shut off and turned on at times, when I 
have had a little nap in the mill during the night, and I have heard 
noises in the back-shed, but I have never seen anything. Folks 
don't believe in such beings nowadays," he continued, with an 
inquiring look towards me, " and therefore they daren't show them- 
selves. Folks are too sensible and too well read in our days." 

" You are perhaps right there," I said, for I could perceive there 
was a meaning in his look, and I preferred that he should tell me 
some old stories rather than I should dispute his doubts or question 
his belief that civilization was a terror to brownies and other 
supernatural beings. " You are right to some extent in what you 
say. In the olden days people had a stronger belief in all kinds 
of witchery ; now they pretend not to believe in it, that they may 
be looked upon as sensible and educated people, as you say. But 
far up in the country, in the mountain districts, we still often hear 
of fairies having been seen, of their spiriting people away into the 
mountains, and such like. Now, I'll tell you a story," I continued, 
that I might give him some encouragement to start one ; " Til tell 
you a story, which took place somewhere, but where and when I 
cannot exactly remember. 

"There was a man who had a flour-mill, close to a waterfall, and 
there was a mill-goblin in that mill. Whether the man used to 
give him Christmas cakes and beer, as they do in some places, I 
don't know, but I should think he didn't, for every time he went to 
grind his corn the goblin got hold of the tub-wheel and stopped 
the mill, and he couldn't get any corn ground. The man knew 
very well it was the goblin who had his hand in this, and one 
evening when he went to the mill, he took a big pot full of pitch- 
tar with him and put it on the fire. He turned the water on to the 
wheel and the mill went for a while, but suddenly it stopped, as he 
expected it would. He seized a long pole and struck at the mill- 
goblin round about the wheel, but all in vain. At last he opened 
the door which led out to the wheel, and there stood the mill-goblin 
in the door, gaping. His jaw was so big that it reached from the 
threshold up to the l ; ntel. 



Legends of the Mill. J57 

" ' Have you ever seen such a jaw ? ' said the goblin. 

" The man ran for the pot and pitched the boiling tar into the 
gaping jaw, and said, ' Have you ever felt anything so hot ? ' 

"The goblin uttered a terrible shriek, and let go the wheel. He 
has never been seen or heard there after that time, nor has the milL 
been stopped since." 

" Yes," said the boy, who had listened to my story with a mix- 
ture of fear and curiosity ; " I have heard my grandmother tell that 
story, and she used also to tell another about a mill-goblin some- 
where up in the country, where no one could get anything ground 
at the mill, it was so bewitched. But one evening came a beggar- 
woman, who badly wanted to get a little corn ground, and she 
asked if she could not get leave to stay there for the night and 
do it. 

" ' Oh, dear no ! ' said the owner of the mill ; ' you can't stay there 
at night ; neither you nor the mill would have any peace for the 
goblin/ But the beggar-woman wanted so badly to get her corn 
ground, for she had not a spoonful of meal to make either soup or 
porridge for the children at home. Well, at last she got leave to 
go into the mill and grind her corn at night. When she came 
there, she made a fire on the hearth, where a big pot of tar was 
hanging. She started the mill, and sat down by the hearth with 
her knitting. In a while a girl came into the mill and said ' Good 
evening ' to her. 

" ' Good evening,' answered the beggar-woman, and went on with 
her knitting. 

" But very soon the strange girl began raking the fire out over 
the hearth, but the beggar-woman raked it together again. 

" ' What's your name ? ' said the fairy, as you already will have 
guessed that the strange girl was. 

"' My name is Self! ' answered the beggar-woman. 

" The girl thought that was a strange name, and began raking 
the fire about again. This made the beggar-woman angry, and 
she began scolding and raking the fire together. They were thus 
employed for some time, when the beggar-woman, watching 
her opportunity, upset the boiling tar over the girl, who begaa 



iS8 Legends of the Mill. 

screaming and screeching, and as she ran out of the mill, she 
cried : 

" ' Father, father, Self has burnt me I ' 

" ' Well, if you have burnt yourself, you have only yourself to 
b.amc,' said a voice in the hill." 

" It was a good thing for the woman it didn't fare worse with 
her," said the old man with the grey beard ; " she might have been 
burnt, both she and the mill, for where I come from I heard tell of 
something similar, which happened there long ago. There was a 
farmer who had a mill that was burnt down two Whitsun-nights in 
succession. The third year he had a tailor staying with him before 
Whitsuntide, making new clothes for the holidays. 

" ' I wonder if anything will happen to the mill this year ? ' said 
the farmer. ' Perhaps it will burn to-night too ! ' 

" ' No fear of that/ said the tailor ; ' give me the key and Til look 
after the mill.' 

" The farmer was well pleased with that, and when the evening 
came the tailor got the key and went down into the mill. It was 
almost empty, as it had only just been finished. He sat down in 
the middle of the floor, took his chalk out and marked a large ring 
around him, and round about this he wrote the Lord's Prayer, and 
then he did not feel afraid even if Old Nick himself should come. 

"Towards midnight the door flew suddenly open, and in rushed 
such a number of black cats that the whole room swarmed with 
them. They were not long in getting a pot on the fire, and then 
they put more and more wood on, till the pot, which was full of 
pitch- tar began to boil and sputter. 

" ' Ho, ho ! ' said the tailor to himself, ' that's the way you do it, 
eh ? ' and no sooner had he spoken, than one of the cats put her 
paw behind the pot and was about to upset it. 

" ' Psht ! cat ! You'll burn yourself,' said the tailor. 

" c Psht ! cat I You'll burn yourself! says the tailor to me,' said 
the cat to the other cats, and away they ran from the fire, and 
began jumping and dancing round the ring; but very soon the 
cat stole over to the fire again with the intention of upsetting 
the pot. 



Legends of the Mill. 159 

"Psht! cat! You'll burn yourself!' cried the tailor, and 
frightened it away from the fire. 

"'Pshtl cat! You'll bum yourself! says the tailor to me,' said 
the cat to the other cats ; and they all began to dance and jump 
about, but the next moment they tried again to upset the pot. 

'"Pshtl cat! You'll burn yourself!' shouted the tailor so 
loudly, that he frightened them away. They scampered away 
over the floor, the one over the other, and began jumping and 
dancing as before 




" They then formed a circle outside the ring, and took to dancing 
round it, quicker and quicker, till the tailor thought the mill was 
going round too. The cats glared at him with such big, terrible 
eyes, as if they were going to eat him. 

" Hut while they were in the middle of the dance, the cat which 
had been trying to upset the pot put her paw inside the ring as if 
she wanted to get hold of the tailor. v P&gt;ut when he saw this he 
loosened his sheath-knifc and held it ready. All at once the cat 
thrust her paw inside the ring again, but the tailor was quick as 
lightning and chopped the paw off. The cats set up a terrible 
howl, and away they rushed through the door as fast as they could. 



160 Legends of the Mill. 

" But the tailor laid himself down in the ring and slept till the 
sun shone far into the mill. Then he rose, locked up the mill, 
and went up to the farm. 

"When he came in both the farmer and his wife were still in 
bed, for it was Whitsunday morning. 

" ' Good morning/ said the tailor, and shook hands with the 
farmer. 

" ' Good morning/ said the farmer, who, as you may guess, was 
both glad and surprised to see the tailor safe back again. 

" ' Good morning, mother/ said the tailor, and offered the gude- 
wife his hand. 

" ' Good morning/ said the wife ; but she was so pale, and looked 
so queer and confused, and kept her right hand under the bed- 
clothes. At last she offered the tailor her left hand. The tailor 
then guessed how matters stood, but what he said to the husband, 
and how it fared with the wife after that, I never heard." 

" The farmer's wife must have been a witch then ? " asked the 
lad, who had been listening intently. 

"Yes, of course she was," said the old man. 

We could scarcely hear each other's voices any longer ; the saw 
was again hafd at work and making a terrible noise. The moon 
had now risen I felt refreshed after the short rest, and bade the 
old man farewell and started for town in company with the scared 
lad, following the footpath below the Grefsen hill. A white mist 
floated over the course of the river and the marshes in the valley 
below. Above the smoky veil over the town rose Akerhus fort, 
with its towers standing out in sharp relief against the mirror of 
the fjord, beyond where the Noes point loomed as a black shadow. 

The sky was almost cloudless. Scarcely any draught could be 
noticed in the air. The light of the moon was blended with the 
gloaming of the summer night and softened the outlines of the 
landscape in the foreground, which lay before us. But the distant 
fjord lay bathed in the bright and beaming moonlight, while the 
Asker and Bcerum hills loomed high up in the sky and formed the 
distant frame of the picture. 

Refreshed by their cooling bath of evening dew, the violets and 



Legends of the Mill. 



161 



other nocturnal flowers emitted a pleasant fragrance over the fields, 
but from the bogs and the rivulets came up now and then damp, 
penetrating gusts, that sent an icy chill through me. 

" Ugh ! how it makes one shudder," cried my companion on such 
occasions. He believed that these gusts were the breath of passing 
spirits of the night, and thought he saw a witch or cat with glowing 
eyes in every bush which the wind put in motion. 



v 



THE LAD AND THE NORTH WIND. 



Once upon a time there was an old woman who had a son, and 
as she was very weak and feeble, she sent her son across the yard 
to the storehouse to fetch the meal for the porridge for dinner. 
But when he got outside on the steps, the north wind came 
rushing past, took the meal out of his bowl, and away it flew 
through the air. 

The lad went back to the storehouse to fetch more, but when he 
came out on the steps the north wind came whistling past again, 
and away went the meal ; and when the lad went back the third 
time for the meal, the north wind played him the same trick over 
again. The lad got angry at this, and thought it wasn't right of 
the north wind to behave in this manner, so he made up his mind 
to give the north wind a call, and ask him for his meal. 

Well, the lad started off, but it was a long way, and he walked 
and walked  and came at last to the north wind. 

" Good day," said the lad, u and thanks for calling to see me 
yesterday." "Good day," answered the north wind,  his voice 
was hoarse and grufi,  " no thanks required. What do you want ? " 
" Oh," said the lad, " I was only going to ask you to be good 
enough to let me have back that meal you took from me on the 
steps, because we haven't much, and if you are going on in this 
way, and take what little we have, we shall starve." " I haven't 
got any meal/ 1 said the north wind, " but since you are so hard 
up, you shall have a table-cloth, which will provide you with every- 
thing you wish, if you only say, ' Cloth, spread yourself and serve 
up all kinds of fine dishes ! 



 &gt;t 



The Lad and the North Wind. 165 



The lad was well satisfied with this. But as the way was so 
Jong that he couldn't get home that night, he went into a roadside 
inn, and when they were going to have supper, he put the cloth on 
a table which stood in the corner, and said, " Cloth, spread your- 
self, and serve up all kinds of fine dishes." 

He had scarcely said these words before the clotn did as it was 
told, and all in the room thought it was a very nice thing to have, 
but no one liked it better than the innkeeper's wife. She thought 
that would be the very thing for her. It would save her such a 
lot of trouble in frying and boiling, laying the cloth, and putting 
the things on the table, and so on. 

So in the middle of the night, when all were asleep, she took 
the cloth from the lad, and put another one in its stead, just like 
the one he had got from the north wind, but her cloth couldn't, 
of course, serve up as much as an oatmeal cake. 

When the lad awoke, he took the cloth and set out on his 
journey, and that day he got back to his mother. " Well," he 
said, " I have been to the north wind, I have ! He is a decent 
fellow, I think, because he gave me this cloth, and I have only 
to say, ' Cloth, spread yourself, and serve up all kinds of fine 
dishes/ and then I get the best of everything I want to eat and 
drink." 

" Ah, indeed ! I daresay," said the mother, " but I don't believe 
it, till I see it." So the lad lost no time, but took a table, laid the 
cloth on it, and said, " Cloth, spread yourself, and serve up all 
kinds of fine dishes," but the cloth didn't serve up so much as a 
dry crust 

" Ah, well ! " said the lad, " there's no help for it, I must go to 
the north wind again," and away he went. Towards evening, he 
came to where the north wind lived. 

" Good evening," said the lad. " Good evening," said the north 
wind. " I want my rights for the meal you took from us," said 
the lad, " for that cloth you gave me is not good for anything." 
" I haven't any meal," said the north wind, " but here is a goat 
for you, which makes only golden ducats, if you only say, ' Goat 
of mine, make money ! 



  



166 The Lad and the North Wind. 

That pleased the lad, but as it was too late to get home that 
day, he went into the same inn where he had been before. But 
before he called for anything, he wanted to try the goat and see if 
it was true what the north wind had said about it, and sure 
enough the goat made only golden ducats. 

But when the innkeeper saw what kind of goat the lad had, he 
thought this was a goat worth having, so when the lad had fallen 
asleep, he took another goat which couldn't make any golden 
ducats, and put that in its place. 

Next morning the lad started off home, and when he came in to 
his mother, he said, " The north wind is a good fellow after all ; 
this time he has given me a goat that makes only golden ducats, if 
I only say) ' Goat of mine, make money 1 ' " 

" Ah, to be sure ! " said his mother, "that's all rubbish,  and I 
don't believe it till I see it." " Goat of mine, make money ! " 
cried the lad, but not a shilling could the goat make. 

So the lad went back again to the north wind, and said that 
the goat wasn't worth anything, and he wasn't going to be done 
out of his meal, not he ! 

" Well," said the north wind, " I have nothing else to give you 
but that old stick over there in the corner; but it is a good stick, 
and if you only say, 4 Stick of mine, lay on/ it lays on, till you 
say,  Stick of mine, leave off* " 

But it was a long way home, and the lad went into the old inn 
where he had slept before ; and as he pretty well guessed how he 
had lost the cloth and the goat, he lay down at once on the bench 
and began snoring as if he were asleep. 

The innkeeper, who thought that the stick must be good for 
something also, looked for a st'ck like the one the lad had, 
and was going to change the sticks while the lad was snoring 
away, but just as the innkeeper was going to take the stick, the 
lad cried out, " Stick of mine, lay on," and the stick commenced 
beating the poor innkeeper, till he jumped over chairs and tables, 
while he shouted and yelled : " Oh dear ! oh dear ! Tell the stick 
to leave off, or else it will kill me ; you shall have both your cloth 
and your goat back again ! " 



The Lad and the North Wind. 



167 



When the lad thought that the innkeeper had had enough, he 
said, " Stick of mine, leave off ; " took his cloth and put it in his 
pocket, and with the stick in his hand, and leading the goat by a 
string, he started off home. And now, thought the lad, he had 
been very well paid for the meal he had lost. 




ASHIEPATTLE AND THE KING'S HARES. 




There was once upon a time a man who 
gave up his farm to his eldest son and heir, 
but he had still three sons, and they were 
called Peter, Paul, and Ashicpattle. They 
stayed at home and would do no work of 
any kind, for they had had too good times of it in their young 
days, and now they thought they were too good for everything and 
that nothing was good enough for them. 

At last Peter had got to hear that the king wanted a youngster 
to watch his hares, and so he told his father that he would go and 
try for this situation, which he thought would just suit him, for he 
would serve no less a man than the king, he said. His father 
thought that there was no doubt some more suitable work to be 
found for him, for he who should watch hares ought to be light and 
smart, and no lazybones, and when the hares began to run and fly 



ASHIEPATTLE AND THE KINGS HARES. 1 69 



about, there would be quite another dance than hanging about the 
house all day doing nothing. Well, there was no help for it, Peter 
would try it, and go he must ; so he took his bag on his back and 
trudged down the hill. When he had gone a good long distance, 
he met an old woman, who stood fixed with her nose in a big 
block, and when he saw how she pulled and tugged to get loose 
he began laughing with all his might. 

" Don't stand there and grin," said the woman, "but come and 
lielp an old woman ; I was going to chop up a little wood and 
then I got my nose stuck in this block, and so I have been standing 
and tugging and pulling away, and never tasted a mouthful for 
a hundred years," she said. 

But Peter only laughed more and more ; he thought it was great 
fun, and said, that since she had been standing thus a hundred 
years, she might hold out for another hundred years. 

When he came to the king's palace, he got the place to look 
after the hares at once. It was not a bad place to serve in there ; 
he was to have good food and good wages, and the princess in the 
bargain ; but if only one of the king's hares was lost, they were 
to cut three red stripes out of his back, and throw him into the 
snake-pit. 

As long as Peter was in the fields near the palace, he managed 
to keep all the hares in one flock, but as the day wore on and the 
hares came into the wood, they began to scamper and fly about 
the hills in all directions. Peter ran after them as fast as his legs 
would carry him, but at last he had only one of the hares left, and 
when this was gone, he was very near burst with running. And 
so he saw no more of the hares. 

Towards evening he began strolling homewards ; when he came 
to the gate, he stopped there gaping and staring about for them, 
but no hares came. When he came into the palace yard in the 
evening the king was waiting for him with his knife ready, and cut 
three red stripes out of his back, put pepper and salt into them, 
and cast him into the snake-pit. 

After some time Paul wanted to go to the king's palace and 
watch the king's hares. His father told him what he had said to 



7 



ASHIEPATTLE AND THE KING'S HARES. 



his elder brother and more besides, but there was no help for it, he 
must and would go. It fared, however, no better with him than 
with Peter. The old woman stood there and tugged and pulled 
away at her nose, which stuck in the block, but Paul only laughed 
and thought it was great fun, and left her standing there. He got 
the place at once, there was no difficulty about that ; but the hares 
ran away from him amongst the hills, although he ran and rushed 
about after them till he blew and panted like a sheepdog in the 
sunshine. When he came back to the palace in the evening with- 
out the hares, the king was waiting on the steps with the knife 
in his hand, and cut three broad red stripes out of his back, 




put pepper and salt into them, and then away to the snake-pit 
with him. 

Well, when some time had passed, Ashiepattle wanted to set 
out for the king's palace and watch his hares. He told his father, 
and said it would be just suitable work for him to run about fields 
and woods amongst the strawberry hills after a flock of hares, and 
now and then lie down and take a nap on some sunny hill. 

The old man thought he no doubt could find some more suitable 
work to do, but if he did not fare better, he could not fare worse 
than his brothers. He that would watch the king's hares must not 
drag himself along as if he was a lazybones with soles of lead to 
his boots, or like a fly on a tar-brush, for when the hares began to 
scamper about on the hill-sides it was quite another dance than 
lying at home and catching fleas with mittens on. He that wanted 
to Ret away from that work with a whole back would, have to be 



ASHIEPATTLE AND THE KING'S HARES. I7J 



smart and light on his legs ; in fact he ought to fly about faster 
than a piece of dried skin or a bird's wing. 

Well, that might be, said Ashiepattle, but for all that he would 
go to the palace and serve the king ; he couldn't think of serving 
any man less than a king. He would look after the hares, he said ; 
they couldn't be much worse than the goat and the calf he had to 
mind at home. So Ashiepattle took his bag on his back and 
trudged down the hill. 

When he had gone a good bit of the way, he began to feel very 
hungry, but just then he came up to the old woman, who was 
standing with her nose in the block, tugging and pulling away at 
it to get loose. 

"Good day, old mother," said Ashiepattle; "are you standing 
there sharpening your nose, you poor old soul ? " 

" I haven't heard anybody call me mother for a hundred years," 
said the old woman ; " come and help me out of this, and give me 
something to eat ; I haven't had food in my mouth all this time. 
I'll be as good as a mother to you, if you do!" 

Well yes, he thought she would want both meat and drink in 
that case, said Ashiepattle. 

So he took the axe and split the block for her, and then she got 
her nose out of the cleft. He sat down to eat and shared his food 
with her, but the old woman had a splendid appetite, as you may 
guess, and finished the best part of it. 

When they had done, ^he gave Ashiepattle a whistle, and told 
him how to use it. If he blew into the one end of it, everything 
which he wished far away would be scattered to all sides, but if he 
blew into the other end it would all come together again ; and if 
the whistle were lost or was taken from him, he had only to wish 
for it and it would come back to him. That is something like a 
whistle, thought Ashiepattle. 

When he came to the king's palace, he was taken into service at 
once, as they made little or no difficulty about that He was to 
have both food and wages, and if he could look after the king's 
hares, so none were lost, he should have the princess as well, but if" 
any got away, if it only were one of the youngest hares,, they 



174 ASHIEPATTLE AND THE KING'S HARES. 

would cut three red stripes out of his back ; and the king seemed 
to be so sure of this, that he went and sharpened his knife there 
and then. 

" Well, that's a small matter to look after these hares," thought 
Ashiepattle, for when they were let out they were as tame as a 
flock of sheep, and as long as they were in the fields about the 
place they were all in a flock and followed him ; but when they 
came up in the wood it was close upon noon, and the sun shone at 
his best, and off went the hares scampering about the hills. 

" Halloa ! " cried Ashiepattle, and blew into the one end of the 
whistle ; " off" you go ! " and away the hares ran to all sides ; not one 
was to be seen. But when he came to an open place in the wood, 
where they had been burning charcoal, he took his whistle and blew 
into the other end of it, and before he could say a word there were 
the hares, all in a row, just as if they had been a regiment of 
soldiers on a drill-ground. Well, that is something like a whistle, 
thought Ashiepattle ; and so he went to take a nap over on a sunny 
hill-side, while the hares scampered about and looked after them- 
selves till the evening came. He then blew them together 
again, and came back to the palace with them just like a 
flock of sheep. 

The king and the queen and the princess too stood in the door 
and wondered what sort of a youngster this was, who could look 
after the hares so well and bring them home with him again. The 
king counted them backwards and forwards, pointing to each with his 
finger, but no, not as much as one of the young hares was missing. 

" That is something like a lad," said the princess. 

The next day he set out again for the wood with the hares, but 
as he lay ami took a rest amongst the strawberries, the housemaid 
in the palace came up to him. They had sent her after him to 
find out how it was that he managed to look after the king's hares 
so well. 

He took out his whistle and showed it to her ; he blew into the 
one rml of it and away flew the hares like the wind between the 
hilK and when he blew into the other end, they came scampering 
down the hill and stood in a row before him. 



ASHIEPATTI-E AND THE KING'S HARES. 



'75 



" What a pretty whistle,'' said the housemaid ; she would willingly 
give a hundred dollars for it, if he would sell it. 

" Well, yes," said Ashiepattle, "it is something like a whistle ;" 
but it was not to be bought for money, but if she beside the 
hundred dollars would give him a kiss for every dollar, she 
should have it. 

Yes, that she would willingly; she would not mind giving him 
two for every dollar and thank him for it besides. 

So she got the whistle, but when she came back to the palace, the 
whistle was gone, for Ashiepattle had wished for it back again ; and 
when the evening set in, he came home with his hares just like 
another flock of sheep. For all the king counted and pointed 
and reckoned, he could not find as much as a hair of them 
missing. 




The third day when he was out with thejjares, they sent the 
princess after him to try and get the whistle frtrh him. She made 
herself as blithesome as a lark, and at last she offered him two 
hundred dollars if he would sell her the whistle, and tell her how 
she should manage to get it safe home with her. 

"Well, yes, it is something like a whistle," said Ashiepattle; and 
it was not for sale, he said, but for all that he would do it for her 
sake, if she would give him a hundred dollars and a kiss for each 
dollar in the bargain. On those terms she could have the whistle, 
and if she wanted to keep it, she must look well after it ; that was 
her business. 

"That was a very high price for a hare-whistle," thought the 



i;6 



ASHIEPATTLE AND THE KING'S HARES. 



princess, and she was rather shy about giving him the kisses, but 
since they were out in the wood, where no one could see or hear it, 
she would not mind giving him the kisses ; for the whistle she must 
and would have, she said. 

When Ashiepattle had got what he was to have, she got the 
whistle, and so she went holding it tight and fingering it all the 
way, but when she came to the palace and was about to show it to 
the king, it disappeared between her fingers. 




The next day the queen would go herself and try to get the 
whistle from him ; she thought she would be sure to bring it back 
with her. 

She was rather close-fisted in money matters and offered him only 
fifty dollars, but she had to raise her price till it rose to three 
hundred. Ashiepattle said it was something like a whistle, and 
it was really no bid at all for it, but for her sake he wouldn't 



ASHIEPATTLE AND THE KING'S HARES. 



177 



mind selling it to her, if she would give him three hundred dollars 
and a smacking kiss for each dollar in the bargain. He got that, 
and much more, for she was not so stingy in that respect. 

When she had got the whistle, she 'tied it up well and put it 
in a safe place ; but she fared no better than the others, for when 
she was going to pull the whistle out it was gone, and in the even- 
ing Ashicpattle came home driving the king's hares before him 
like a tame flock of sheep. 

" This is all stuff and nonsense," said the king ; " I shall have to 
go myself, if we are to get this confounded whistle from him. I 
see no other way out of it." So when Ashiepattle next day had 
got into the wood with the hares, the king set out after him, and 
found him on the same sunny hill-side where the women folk had 
met him, and made the bargain with him. 

Well, the king and Ashiepattle became good friends and got 
on very well together, and Ashiepattle showed him the whistle and 
blew both in the one and the other end. The king thought it 
was a funny whistle, and would buy it by all means, even if he 
should pay a thousand dollars for it. 

" Yes, it is something like a pipe," said Ashiepattle, and it was 
not to be had for money ; " but do you see that white horse down 
yonder ? " he said, and pointed over in the wood. 

" Yes, that's my own mare, Snowflake," said the king. He knew 
that himself without anybody telling him. 

" Well, if you will give mc a thousand dollars and will kiss 
that white mare down in the bog behind that big fir-tree you 
shall have the whistle." 

" Is it not to be had at any other price ? " said the king. 

" No, it is not," said Ashiepattle. 

" But I suppose I may put my silk handkerchief between ? " said 
the king. 

Yes, he might do that. And so the king got the whistle, and 
put it into his purse, and this he put into his pocket and buttoned 
it well up, and set off on his way home. 

But when he came to the palace, and was going to pull out the 
whistle, he was no better off than the women folk ; he had not 

N 



i 7 8 



ASHIEPATTLE AND THE KING'S HARES. 



the whistle any more than they. Ashiepattle came home driving 
the flock of hares and there was not a hare missing. 

The king was in a great rage at the way in which Ashiepattle 
had made a fool of them all. There was no question about it ; 
Ashiepattle must lose his life. The queen said the same ; it was 
best to punish such a scamp right off. 

But Ashiepattle thought it was neither right nor fair, for he had 
done nothing but what they had told him to do, and besides, he 
had only tried to save his back and life as well as he could. 

So the king said he would pardon him if he could tell so many 
lies that they filled the large brewing-vat and flowed over. If he 
could do that he might keep his life. 




Well, that was neither a long nor a difficult piece of work, said 
Ashiepattle ; he thought he could master that job. So he began 
telling them how he had fared from the very first ; he told them 
about the old woman with her nose in the block and then he would 
say : " I must get on faster with telling lies if the vat is to be full." 
So he told them about the whistle he had got, and about the 
housemaid who came to him, and wanted to buy it for a hundred 
dollars, and about all the kisses she had to give him in the bargain. 
Then he told them of the princess, how she came to him, and how 
much she had to kiss him to get the whistle, when nobody saw 
or heard it over in the wood " I must get on with these lies if 
the vat is to be full," said Ashiepattle, so he told them about the 
queen, how stingy she was with the money and how liberal she 
was with kisses, that one could hear the smacks all over the 



ASHIEPATTLE AND THE KING'S HARES. 



179 



wood  " I must really get on with my lies if the vat is to be full," 
said Ashiepattle. 

" Well, I think it's pretty full," said the queen. 

 Not at all," said the king 

At last Ashiepattle began to tell about the king, who came to 
him, and about the white mare down in the bog, and if the king 
wanted the whistle he  he would have  he would have to  " I 
beg your majesty's pardon, but I must put some lies together if 
the vat is to be full  and " 

" Stop, lad, stop ! It is full ! " cried the king. " Don't you see 
the vat is flowing over ?" 

So the king and queen thought they could not do any better 
than give him the princess and half the kingdom ; there was no 
help for it. 

"That was something like a whistle," said Ashiepattle. 




MACKEREL TROLLING. 




AVE grown up by the sea   
from my earliest childhood I have 
wandered about between the skerries, 
the breakers, and the cliffs. There are 
smart sailors in my native place, and no 
wonder, for they begin early. No 
sooner have the children learnt to walk 
than they, the first thing in the morning, 
with nothing on but their shirt, must 
climb up on the nearest rock or knoll 
to have a look at the weather or the 
sea ; if the weather is calm, they put 
their finger into their mouths and hold 
it up in the air to feel if there is any 
air stirring, and whence it comes. As 
i as they can handle an oar they 
are out in boats, and before long they 
are playing with the dangers of the sea 
among the breakers. In my- youth I 
used often to go to sea with a pilot 
from those parts, one of the finest 
seamen I have known. The happy 
times I spent with him belong to my 



Mackerel Trolling. i8i 

dearest memories of the past. Free and happy as a bird I flew 
over the billows,  in the pilot's light yawl we cruised about among 
the skerries shooting ducks, eider-ducks, and seals,  in his deck- 
boat we steered out far to sea trolling for mackerel, and when he 
got a ship to pilot in, I sailed the boat home, sometimes alone, 
sometimes in company with the pilot's boy. Since that time I 
have always yearned for a sailor's life and the open sea. But 
instead of losing myself in extolling the glory of a sailor's life 
I will give you an account of a trip we made together when I, 
some years ago, was on a visit at home. 

We were to spend some days by the outermost skerries. We 
had the deck-boat, and its crew consisted of Rasmus Olsen  
this was the name of my old friend  the pilot's boy, and 
myself. 

One morning in the early grey of the dawn we stood out to sea 
to troll for mackerel. There was a light breeze off the land ; it 
was scarcely strong enough to lift the heavy fog which lay over 
the skerries and the naked cliffs, from which the scared sea-gulls 
flew and hovered around us with their hoarse cry ; the sea- 
swallows uttered their ringing " Tree, tree," and the oyster- 
catchers their mocking " Click, click ! " which has caused so 
many an unsuccessful sportsman to smile. A hazy, close atmos- 
phere hung over the leaden sea ; an auk, a guillemot, an eider- 
duck, or a tumbling porpoise enlivened now and then the 
scene. 

Rasmus sat in the after-hatch at the helm, while the boy was 
now forward, now aft, as circumstances required. Rasmus was 
a tall, powerful man, with a weather-beaten, furrowed face of a 
good-natured expression. In his grey intelligent eye lay an 
earnest searching look, which told that he was used to encounter 
dangers, and look deeper into things than the smile about his 
mouth and jesting words would denote. As he sat there with a 
sou'wester down over his ears, in a long pilot coat, his figure 
appeared in the misty morning air to assume quite supernatural 
proportions, and you might almost imagine that you had one of 
the old Vikings before you  the Vikings, however, did not smoke 



1 82 Mackerel Trolling. 



tobacco, wmch Rasmus Olsen did, and that to a considerable 
extent. 

" There isn't wind enough to capsize a tea-cup in a gutter/' 
said Rasmus, and shifted his chew of tobacco with a little black 
chalk pipe, while he looked around him on all sides. " Last night, 
at sunset, there were plenty of the most respectable wind-clouds, 
but now there isn't a capful." 

The pilot-boy, who was on the look-out forward, and was keeping 
the boat from falling off by using the starboard oar, as the current 
went in a westerly direction, answered that he thought " it went 
a little easier forward." 

"No fear ! " answered Rasmus; "it isn't as if it were sundown. 
We sha'n't get any wind before evening, my boy, but may be we 
shall have more than we want for the mackerel." 

The breeze, however, soon grew stronger, and we were able keep 
our course without the assistance of the oars, and we slipped now 
at a smart pace out to sea. The fog disappeared gradually, dis- 
closing the blue line of the coast and the far outlying naked 
skerries, while before us lay the ocean in its interminable extent, 
blushing in the morning sun. The land wind still blew strongly, but 
the higher the sun rose, the stronger grew the Seabreeze. The rising 
fog lay like a white sheet over the land. We had by this time a 
stiff mackerel breeze, and we were soon in the midst of the 
mackerel shoals. 

The lines were ordered out, and the fish, one after another, took 
the bait till the whole line trembled ; amid violent sprawling and 
struggling these silvery children of the sea were hauled in. But 
our joy was, as usual, not of a very long duration. Later in the 
forenoon the gale increased more and more ; the seas set in, and 
the waves grew bigger and bigger ; at last the fishing-line stood 
straight out behind, and the stone weights jumped along the tops 
of the billows, while the seas  notwithstanding the guiding hand 
of the pilot sought to avoid them  broke over our little nutshell, 
and sent the spray high above mast and sail. We pulled in the 
lines and gave up the fishing. The pilot-boy sat in the main 
hatch dangling his legs and looking round in all directions from 



Mackerel Trolling.  183 

old habit. Now -and then he slipped down into the hold and 
looked at his watch, which he had shut up in a large, red-painted 
sea-chest. 

"Yes, that chest and that watch!" said Rasmus, with a smile 
and a nod ; " I should think he is fond of them  and quite right, 
too  if it hadn't been for them he would now have been at the 
bottom of the sea among the pebbles." 

I asked him for an explanation and he began : " It was late in 
October last year ; *we had terrible weather, and it was with the 
greatest difficulty I could keep at sea, but I stayed outside. The 
lad was with me in the boat. I bore down upon a Dutchman at 
last, and hailed him. I came safe on board, but I felt anything 
but easy about the boat and the boy ; my thoughts were not 
where they should be, for every moment I had to give the boat 
and the boy a look, and at last I saw a sea strike the boat aft, 
which gave it a send forward and under, and the next moment 
he was gone. 

" We could not have given him any help even if the skipper 
would have done so ; the lad was too far away. I prayed by 
myself, and thought I should never see him again. But the first 
person I met when I came home was the boy ; he had come 
home long before me. He pulled out his watch and showed it 
to me and said, 1 1 have saved the watch, Captain, and it goes 
too.' The Lord be praised, I thought, that you are saved ; I 
suppose there will be a way for a boat again, although it cost me 
two hundred and Mty dollars  and bran new sails it had in the 
bargain. How was the boy saved ? Yes, in this way  ' yes, 
you rascal,' he said to the lad, who sat grinning at him, and 
swinging his legs still quicker backwards and forwards, 'he who 
is born to be hanged will never be drowned,  well, a brig came 
sailing past at the time. Suddenly they heard a cry, one of the 
crew ran forward, but they saw nothing, they never thought it 
came from the water ; but all at once they heard the cry right 
under the bow, and when the captain himself came forward and 
looked over the ship's side, there sat the boy on the sea-chest, 
holding his watch in the one hand high above the seas. There 



i $4 Mackerel Trolling. 



was only just sufficient time for the captain to give the man at 
the helm a sign or they would have gone clean over him. They 
hove to, threw him a rope, and hauled him up." 

In the afternoon the wind fell and we began fishing again. We 
caught a few fish, whiling away the time with all sorts of stories. 

" Ah, well, well," said Rasmus, and shook his head as he lighted 
a fresh pipe, " there is something brewing over there to the south ! 
The wind we had was only an early puff! You'll see we shall 
have our full allowance ! Even the fish know it ; they don't rise 
to the bait any more and the birds are scared  hear how they 
wheeze and cry as they seek the land. There will be the right sort 
of weather for witches and such-like to-night. But see! if he 

doesn't tumble himself so close to us tHat I might " spit upon 

him he was going to say, but at that moment I fired  I had put 
up my gun and aimed at a porpoise which was gambolling about 
in the sea close to us. Being hit, he lashed the water so violently 
with his tail that he sent a shower of spray over us as high as the 
mast of our boat, and made us all wet through. 

That witch will not send us any bad weather, anyhow ! " I 
said, when I saw the water coloured red from his blood. Soon 
after he appeared again, blowing very hard, but the next moment 
he turned over ; Rasmus was not slow in putting the boat-hook in 
him and hauling him into the boat with my assistance. He was 
much pleased at the prospect of the oil he would get from him, 
turned the heavy creature from one side to the other, fondled him 
like a baby, and assured me he was a "stunning fat sea-cub," which 
should be welcomed at home for boot-grease and lamp-oil. 

While we thus were joking about trolls and witches who cause 
(jalr.H and bad weather, a very remarkable witch-story came to my 
mind, which I believed I had heard Rasmus tell me in my childhood, 
but my recollection of it was so faint, that I was not sure whether 
I had heard it or dreamt it. I asked Rasmus if he had not told 
inc such a story about three witches. 

" Ah, that one!" he answered, and laughed ; "that's one of the 
sort we call skipper's yarns nowadays, but in the olden days they 
believed them like gospel. Old grandfather told it me when I was 



Mackerel Trolling. 105 

a small boy, but whether it was his grandfather or great-grand- 
father who was the cabin-boy I do not recollect. Anyhow, thus 
runs the tale. 

" He had been sailing with a skipper as boy the whole summer, 
but when they were going out on a trip in the autumn, he got a 
sullen fit and would not join the ship. The skipper rather liked 
him, for although he was a young hand, he was very handy, and 
knew his work well ; he was a big and strong lad, and was not 
afraid to bend his back over a rope ; he was almost as useful as an 
able seaman, and he was always in a merry, lively humour, and 
kept up the spirits of all on board, so the skipper did not like the 
idea of losing him. But the lad had no mind to spend the 
autumn nights on salt water; however, he would stay on board till 
the cargo was in and they were ready to sail. One Sunday, when the 
crew had liberty ashore, and the skipper was gone to sec a timber- 
dealer about some planks and firewood for deck-cargo  something 
on his own account I suppose  the boy was to keep on board and 
look after the vessel. But I must not forget to tell you that the 
lad was born on a Sunday, and had found a card with the four of 
clubs ; therefore he was a seer, that is to say, he could sec the 
supernatural people, but they could not see him." 

" We are going to have a nasty night," Rasmus interrupted 
himself, as he rose from his scat and held his hand up to protect 
his eyes against the ray of sunlight, which now fell across the 
bright billows, to be able to see clearly in a southerly direction. 
" See how it's working up ; we shall have thunder and lightning. 
Best to go about in time ; there isn't a breath of air now ! We 
are lying here in still water and drift about like a bag of hay ; but 
we must take in a reef before it is on us. Come on, Jack ! " 

While they were taking in the reef, I took the helm and watched 
the weather. It was now clear and perfectly calm. The wind had 
gone down, but our boat was rocking with the swell. Far to the 
south, above the horizon, stood a dark bank of cloud ; we saw it 
first like a narrow streak melting into sky and sea, but gradually it 
had risen like a wall or a curtain, on which a border of heavy, 
yellow, torn and twisted thunder-cloud soon appeared. At some 



Mackerel Trolling. 



moments the curtain grew thinner ; it appeared as if some one was 

walking behind it with a light. No flash was seen, but wc heard a 

distant faint rumble, which I at first believed was occasioned by 

the sea. 

" Well," said Rasmus, when he had lighted his pipe and taken 

the helm again, " the boy was, as I said, a seer, and all at once, as 
he sat forward in the 
forecastle, he heard 
some one speaking in 
the hold. He peeped 
through a crevice, and 
then he saw three coal- 
black ravens sitting on 
a cross-beam and talk- 
ing about their hus- 
bands, whom they wcre 
all tired of and whom 
they wished at the bot- 
tom of the sea. It was 
easy to understand that 
they were witches, who 
had turned themselves 
into ravens. 

" ' Hut are you sure 
that nobody hears us ? ' 
asked one of the ravens. 
The boy knew by the 
voice that it was the 
skipper's wife. 

' ' No, of course not,' 

said the other two, who were the wives of the first and second 

mate, ' there is not a living soul on board.' 

" ' Well, then I'll tell you ; I know a good way to get rid of them,' 

said the skipper's wife, and jumped closer to the other two ; 'we 

will make ourselves into three heavy seas, and strike the vessel 

and sink it with all hands.' 




Mackerel Trolling. 187 



" Yes, the others thought that was a capital way, and they 
remained some time, and talked about the time and place. 

" ' But I suppose no one hears us/ said the skipper s wife again. 

" ' Well, you know that ! ' answered the other two. 

" 'You see, there is a remedy they can use against us, and if it 
were used, it would be a serious thing for us, it would cost us 
our lives/ 

" ' What remedy is that, sister ? ' said one of the mates' wives. 

" ' But are you sure that no one hears us ? I thought I saw some 
smoke from the forecastle.' 

" ' You know there isn't ! Wc have looked into every corner. 
They forgot to put out the fire in the stove, that's the reason it 
smokes/ said the mates' wives. 'Let's hear about the remedy!' 

" 4 If they buy three cords of birch logs/ said the witch, 'but 
they must be exact measure  and no bargaining about the price, 
and if they throw overboard the one cord of logs, piece by piece, 
when the first sea comes, and the other cord, piece by piece, when 
the second sea comes, and the third cord, piece by piece, when the 
third sea comes, then it's all over with us.' 

44 ' Yes. that's true, sister, then it's all over with us, then it's all 
over with us ! ' said the mates' wives ; ' but nobody knows it ; ' 
they screeched and laughed aloud, and then they flew up through 
the main hatch, and screeched and gobbled like ravens. 

" When they were ready to sail, the boy would not for the life of 
him go in the ship for all the skipper talked to him and promised 
him ; there was no help for it, he would on no account go in the 
ship. At last they asked him if he was afraid, since it was getting 
so late in the autumn, and if he would rather sit in the chimney- 
corner behind his mother's petticoats. 

" ' No/ said the lad, he was not afraid ; he thought they never had 
seen any sign of his being afraid, or using tricks as the land crabs 
might do, and he would prove it to them, for now he would 
go with them in the ship, but on the condition that they bought 
three cords of birch logs, exactly measured, and that he was to 
have the command of the ship, as if he was the skipper, on a certain 
day. The skipper asked the meaning of this nonsense, and if by 



1 88 Mackerel Trolling. 



ever had heard of a boy taking the command of a vessel. The 
lad answered that might be and it was all the same to him ; if they 
would not buy three cords of birch logs, and obey him, as if he 
was the captain for one day only, of which he would tell them 
beforehand,  he would not set his foot on board any more, and 
still less would he dirty his hands in pitch and tar on board 
that ship. 

"The skipper thought it was a very strange idea, and that 
he was a strange lad altogether, but he agreed at last, because 
he had set his heart on having the boy with him, and I suppose 
he thought he could easily manage him when they got out 
to sea. The mate was of the same opinion. ' Oh I never mind ! 
Let him take the command ! If we go to leeward we'll have to 
give him a hand ! ' said the mate. So the birch logs were bought 
and correctly measured, and no bargaining was made about the 
price, and then they sailed. 

" When the day arrived that the boy was to be skipper, the 
weather was calm and fine, but he called all men to reef sails, so 
the ship had scarcely any sail on her. It was just about the 
time when the middle watch was over and the morning watch 
was called. Both skipper and crew smiled and said : ' It's easy 
to see who has command of the ship now ; why not furl the sails 

altogether ? ' 

" * Not yet/ said the boy, ' but very shortly ! ' Suddenly a squall 
burst on them, so violent that they thought the ship would have 
capsized. If they had not reefed the sails there was no doubt 
they would have foundered when the first squall struek the ship. 
The lad ordered them to throw out the first cord of birch logs, but 
piece by piece, only one at a time, never two, and they must not 
touch the other two cords of wood. 

" The crew was very smart in carrying out his orders now, and 
they did not laugh any more at him, but threw the birch logs over- 
board piece by piece. When the last piece went over the side 
they heard a moaning like from one who is in the last pangs of 
death, and the next moment the squall was over. 

" 4 The Lord be praised ! ' said the crew. 



Mackerel Trolling, 191 

" ' Well, I must say that you have saved both ship and cargo, and 
I'll report it to the owners,  and stand by it,' said the skipper. 

" 'Oh yes, that's all very well, but we haven't done with it yet,' 
said the lad, * we shall have it worse directly,' and he ordered them 
to furl every rag but the mizen. 

" The second squall came still stronger than the first, and it 
increased so much that the crew were in a great fright. Just as 
it was blowing at its hardest the lad told them to throw the other 
cord of logs overboard, which they did ; they threw piece by piece, 
and took good care not to touch the third cord. When the last 
piece of log went over the side they heard a deep groaning again, 
and so the wind went down. 

" ' We have one bout left now, and that will be the worst,' said 
the lad, and ordered every man to his post, while the ship only 
went under bare poles. The last squall was worse than both the 
preceding ones,  the ship gave a lurch, so they thought it would 
never right again ; the seas washed over deck and gunwale. 
But the lad ordered them to throw overboard the last cord of logs, 
piece by piece, and not two at a time. When the last log went 
over the side they heard the moaning of one who dies a hard 
death, and when the wind had gone down the sea was coloured by 
blood as far as they could see. 

" When all was over the captain and the mate said they would 
write to their wives. 

" ' You may as well leave that alone/ said the lad. ' You haven't 
got any wives any more ! ' 

" ' What nonsense is that, you young whelp ? Have we no 
wives ? " said the captain. 

11 f Have you finished them off, perhaps ? ' said the mate. 

" ' Oh dear no, we have all had a hand in that/ answered 
the boy ; and then he told them what he had heard and seen the 
Sunday he was on board keeping watch, when the crew had liberty 
ashore, and the skipper went to see the timber-dealer. 

'* When they came home they heard that their wives had dis- 
appeared the day before the storm, and they had never been seen 
or heard of since." 



Mackerel Trolling. 



During this and other stories which Ra; 
had set in. The storm was approaching 



related the evening 
ivlj', and gradually 




covered the sky like a dark curtain ; some of the flashes of 
lightning struck the sea, others wound themselves like snakes in 



Mackerel Trolling. 



i93 



a horizontal direction across the sky and formed flaming fringes 
round the rich folds of clouds in the curtain. At other times the 
flashes made the whole curtain transparent like a veil. Still the 
storm was at some distance ; the thunder rumbled faintly, and the 
sea rolled as far as we could see in long bright waves, but they 
appeared as if coloured by blood or wine, for the sun was setting 
in red clouds, the colour of which was reflected in the sea. But it 
was apparent that we could not escape the storm ; the seas in- 
creased, the current carried us towards land, and only now and then 
a gust of wind filled our sail. By the last glimmer of the day we 
saw on the distant ridge of the horizon a black streak approaching 
us, the nearer it came the plainer appeared the white fringe of foam 
which came driving on before it. The storm and the dark night 
were upon us. Like an arrow the boat sped on, and before long we 
were by the outside skerries, where the sea-birds, disturbed at the 
constant flashes of lightning and claps of thunder, wheezed and 
screamed and flew about in swarms like white clouds. But their 
screams sounded faint amongst the breakers. The islands and 
skerries afforded us some shelter from the heavy seas, but further on 
towards the shore, where the sea broke upon it, they grew again, 
and by the light of the flashes of lightning we saw along the whole 
coast high foaming breakers, the roaring of which thundered in our 
ears. Rasmus kept a sharp look-out in this darkness, which 
appeared almost impenetrable; I could not distinguish anything 
but the broad white fringe of foam, which we were approaching 
with an alarming speed. Shortly I discerned a small dark point, 
for which we steered, and in a few moments we passed among the 
surf and breakers through the narrow sound by the Ullenhead, and 
reached in safety the peaceful harbour, where the high cliffs 
sheltered against storm and sea. 



PEIK. 




THERE was once on a time a man and a woman ; they had a 
son and a daughter who were twins, and they were so like each 
other that you could not tell the one from the other, except by their 
clothes. 

The boy they called Peik. He was of little use on the farm 
while the parents lived, for he did not care for anything else but 
playing tricks upon people, and he was so full of tricks and pranks, 
that no one was left in peace for him. But when the parents died 
he grew worse and worse,  he would not do anything ; he only did 
his best to make an end of what there was left after them, and to 
quarrel with everybody. The sister worked and toiled all she 
could, but it was of little help, and so she told him how wrong it 
was that he would not do anything useful, and asked him : 

" What do you think we shall live upon, when you have finished 
everything ? " 

" Oh, I'll go and play a trick upon somebody," said Peik. 

" Yes, you are always ready and willing when you are bent 
upon that," said his sister. 

' Well, I'll try my best," said Peik. 

So when he had made an end of everything, and there was 
nothing more in the house, he set out on his journey, and walked 
and walked till he came to the kings palace. 

The king was standing at the door, and when he saw the lad 
he said : 

" Where are you off to to-day, Peik ?" 

" Oh, I am off to sec if I cannot play a trick upon somebody," 
said Peik. 



Peik. 195 

11 Can't you play a trick upon me, then ? " said the king. 

" No, I don't think I can, because I have left my trickery-sticks 
at home," said Peik. 

" Can't you go and fetch them ?" said the king ; " I should like 
to see, if you arc such a clever trickster as folks make you 
out to be." 

" I am not able to walk so far now," said Peik. 

" I'll lend you a horse and saddle," said the king. 

"I Jon't think I am able to ride either," said Peik. 

" We'll lift you up," said the king, "and I suppose you'll be able 
to stick on to the horse.'* 

Well, Peik rubbed and scratched his head, as if he was going to 
pull all his hair off, but he let himself be lifted on top of the horse 
at last ; there he sat, and swung backwards and forwards and side- 
ways as long as the king could see him, and the king laughed 
till the tears came into his eyes, for he had never seen such a 
sorry horseman before. But as soon as Peik came into the wood 
behind the hill, where the king could see him no longer, he sat 
straight and steady as if he was nailed to the horse and started off 
as if he had stolen both horse and bridle, and when he came to 
the town he sold them both. 

In the meantime the king walked up and down and waited for 
Peik. He longed to sec him coming back with his trickery-sticks ; 
he could not help laughing when he called to mind how pitiable 
he looked, as he sat rolling to and fro on the horse like a haybag 
which didn't know which sMe to fall off onj but hours went and 
hours came,  and no Peik came. So the king guessed at last that 
he had been played a trick, and done out of his horse and saddle 
as well, although Peik did not have his trickery-sticks with him. 
But then things took another turn, for the king got in a rage and 
made up his mind to take Peik's life. 

But Peik got to know the day when he was coming, and told his 
sister to put the porridge-pot on the fire with some water in it. 
But just before the king came in he took the pot off the fire and 
put it on the chopping-block and began making the porridge on 
the block. 

O 2 



Bi 



196 Peik. * 

The king wondered at this, and was so taken up with the 
wonderful pot that he forgot what he had come there for. 

" What do you want for that pot ? " said he. 

" I can't spare it very well/' said Peik. 

' Why can't you spare it ? " said the king ; " I'll make it worth 
your while to sell it." 

" Well, it saves me both money and trouble, chopping and 
carrying/' said Peik. 

" Never mind, I'll give you a hundred dollars for it," said the 
king ; " you did me out of horse and saddle the other day, and the 
bridle too, but I'll let bygones be bygones, if I get the pot." 

" Well, I suppose you must have it then," said Peik. 

When the king came back to the palace he sent out invitations 
to a great feast, but the meat was to be boiled in the new pot, which 
was put in the middle of the floor. 

The guests thought the king was out of his mind, and went about 
nudging each other and laughing at him. But he walked round 
the pot and cackled and chuckled to himself, saying all the time, 
"All right, all right! wait a bit ! it will boil directly; " but there 
was no sign of any boiling. 

So the king guessed that Peik had been playing a trick upon him 
again, and he set out to kill him. 

When the king came to his place Peik was standing by the barrk 

"Wouldn't it boil ? " he said. 

" No, it would not," said the king ; "but now you shall suffer for 
it," he said, and was gQing to get his knife ready. 

' I believe you there," said Peik, " for you did not have the 
block." 

" I shouldn't wonder if you are telling a lie again, " said 
the king. 

' It's all for the want of the block," said Peik ; " the pot won't 
boil without it." 

Well, what was he going to have for it ? 

" It was worth three hundred dollars at least, but for his sake it 
should go for two," said Peik. 

So the king got the block, and set off for home. He invited 



Peik. 



197 



guests again to a feast and put the pot on the block in the middle 
of the room. The guests thought the king was gone sheer mad, 
and went about making game of him. He cackled and chuckled 
round the pot, saying all the time, " Wait a bit, it will boil soon,  
it will boil directly ; " but there was no more chance of its boiling 
on the block than on the floor. 

So the king guessed that he had been tricked by Peik that time 
as well. He tore his hair, and would not rest till he set out to kill 
him ; he should not spare him this time, whether he had got any- 
thing to say for himself or not. 

But Peik was prepared to receive him again. He killed a wether 
and took the bladder and filled it with the blood of the slaughtered 
animal. He then put the bladder in his sisters bosom and told her 
what she should say when the Wing came. 

" Where is Peik ? " shouted the king. He was in such a rage 
that his voice trembled. 

" He is so poorly, that he is not able to move/' answered the 
sister, " and so he thought he would try and get some sleep." 

"You must wake him up ! " said the king. 

No, she dared not do it ; he was so hasty. 

u Well, I am still more hasty," said the king ; " and if you don't 

wake him I'll " and with that he put his hand to his side for 

his knife. 

No, no ! she would rather wake him ; but Peik turned round in 
his bed in great rage, pulled out his knife and stabbed her in the 
bosom, but the knife hit only the bladder ; a stream of blood 
gushed out, and she fell down on the floor as if she were 
dead. 

" What a villain you are, Peik," said the king, " you have stabbed 
your own sister and that while the king stands by and looks 
at it." 

" Oh, there isn't much danger, as long as I have got breath in 
my nostrils," said Peik, and took a ram's horn, which he began 
blowing ; and when he had blown a wedding march on it he put 
the horn to his sister's nostrils and blew life into her again and 
she rose up as if nothing had been the matter with her. 



1 98 Peik. 

11 Why, bless me, Peik ! Can you kill people and blow life into 
them again ? " said the king. 

"Well, yes, what would become of me if I couldn't?" said Peik. 
" You see, I am so hasty, and I can't help killing every one who 
comes near me and annoys me." 

" I am also very hasty," said the king, "and I must have that 
horn ; Til give you a hundred dollars for it, and I'll forgive you 
besides for doing me out of the horse and cheating me on that pot 
and block business, and all the rest." 

Peik could not very well spare the horn, but for his sake he 
should have it, and so the king got it, and set out home as fast as 
he could. 

He had no sooner come home before he must try the horn. 
He began quarrelling and scolding the queen and his eldest 
daughter, and they scolded him again, but before they knew a word 
about it he pulled out his knife and stabbed them both, so they fell 
down stone dead, and all who were in the room ran out ; they -were 
so afraid. 

The king walked up and down the floor for some time and kept on 
saying there was no danger so long as there was breath in his nostrils, 
and a great deal more nonsense which had flowed out of Peik's 
mouth. He then took the horn and began blowing, but although 
he blew all he could that day and the day after as well, he could 
not blow life into the bodies ; they were dead, and dead they 
remained, both the queen ind his daughter, and so he had to bury 
them, and to give a grand funeral in the bargain. 

When this was done the king set out to settle with Peik and to 
take his life, but Peik had everything prepared, for he knew the 
king was coming, and he said to his sister : 

t( You must change clothes with me and be off! You may take 
all we have with you." 

Yes, she changed clothes with him, packed up her things, and 
started off as fast as she could, while Peik sat all by himself in his 
sister's clothes. 

" Where is that Peik ? " said the king, as he came in a great 
rage through the door. 




Peik. 199 

" He's gone away," said he who sat in the sister's clothes. 

" Well, had he been at home now he wouldn't have had long to 
live," said the king ; " it's no use sparing the life of such a scamp." 

" He knew your majesty was coming to punish him for having 
played so many tricks upon you, and so he ran away and left me 
behind here both without food or money," said Peik, trying to 
appear like a shy bashful maiden. 

' Come along with me to the palace, and you shall get enough 
to live on ; there is little use in sitting in the cottage here and 
starving," said the king. 

Yes, he would willingly do that, and so the king took him and 
let him learn everything, and kept him as one of his own daughters ; 
in fact the king felt now as if he had all his three daughters again, 
for Peik stitched and sewed and sung and played with them, and 
was in their company early and late. 

Some time afterwards a prince came to the palace to woo one 
of the princesses. 

" Yes, I have three daughters," said the king ; " you have only 
to say which one you will have." 

So the prince got leave to go up in their bower and get 
acquainted with them. In the end he liked Peik best, and threw 
a silk handkerchief into his lap, and so they began getting every- 
thing ready for the wedding, and shortly the prince's relations 
arrived at the palace, and the wedding festivities commenced in 
earnest with feasting and drinking ; but on the wedding day, as 
night was coming on, Peik dared not remain any longer, and he stole 
out of the palace and ran across the fields ; and there was no bride 
to be found. 

And worse remains to be told, for the two princesses were 
suddenly taken ill, and all the guests had to break up and take 
their departure just as they were in the middle of all the fun and 
feasting. 

The king was both enraged and sorrowful at these misfortunes, 
and began to wonder what could really be the cause of them. 

So he mounted his horse and rode out, for he thought it was so 
lonely to stay alone by himself at home ; but when he came out 



200 PEIK. 

in the fields he saw Peik sitting there on a stone, playing a 

Jew's harp, 

" Halloh ! are you sitting there, Peik ? " asked the king. 

"Of course I am," said Peik, "I can't sit in two places at once." 

" Well, you have played such vile tricks on me time after 

time," said the king, " that you will have to come with me and get 

your deserts." 




" Well, I suppose there's no help for it," said Peik, '* so I may as 
well jump into it as creep into it." 

When they came to the palace the king gave orders to get 
ready a barrel, which Peik was to be put in, and when it was 
ready they carted it up on a high mountain, where he was to lie in 
the barrel for three days to think on all th:it he had done before 
they rolled the barrel down the mountain into the sea. 



PEIK. 201 

On the third day a rich man came past as Peik lay in the barrel 
singing  

" To paradise, to paradise I am bound, 
Safe in mv barrel as it turns round and round." 

When the man heard this, he asked Peik what he would take to 
let him take his place. 

" I ought to be well paid for that," said Peik, " for there isn't 
such a chance every day to go straight to paradise " 

The man was willing to give him all he possessed, and so he 
knocked out the bottom of the barrel and crept into it instead 
of Peik. 

In the evening the king came to roll the barrel down the 
mountain. 

" A safe journey to you ! " said the king ; he thought it was 
Peik who was in it. " You'll roll faster into the sea than if you 
were drawn by the swiftest reindeer, and now there will be an end 
both to you and your tricks." 

Before the barrel was half way down the mountain there 
wasn't a whole stave or bit of it left, nor of the man who was 
inside. But when the king came home to the palace, Peik was 
there before him* He sat on the steps and played upon the Jew's 
harp. 

" What ! are you sitting here, Peik ? " said the king. 

"Of course I am," said Peik. " I suppose I may have lodgings 
and shelter for all my horses, my cattle and my money." 

" Where did I roll you to, that you got all these riches?" asked 
the king. 

" Oh, you rolled me into the sea," said Peik, " and when I came 
to the bottom there was more than enough to take both of 
horses and cattle, of gold and goods. They went about in flocks, 
and the gold lay in heaps as big as houses. 

" What will you take to roll me the same way ? " said the king. 

" Oh, that sha'n't cost you much," said Peik. " Since you didn't 
take anything of me, I won't take anything of you either." 



202 



Peik. 



So he put the king into a barrel and rolled him down the moun- 
tain ; and when he thus had got the king out of the way, he went 
home to the palace and married the youngest princess and had a 
grand wedding. Afterwards he ruled his land and kingdom well 
and wisely, but he left off playing tricks upon people and he was 
never spoken of as Peik any more, but as His Royal Majesty 
the King ! 




FOOLISH MEN AND SCOLDING WIVES. 



There were once upon a time two women, who were always 
quarrelling, as women will do, and one day when they had nothing 
else to quarrel about, they began arguing about their husbands, as 
to who was the most foolish. 

The longer they argued the more angry they got, and at last 
they were very near pulling each other's hair, for, as every one 
knows, it is easier to begin a quarrel than to end it, and it's a bad 
look-out if sense is wanting in such a predicament. 



204 Foolish Men and Scolding Wives. 



One of them said there was nothing which she could not get her 
husband to believe, if she only said it, for he was as stupid as the 
trolls, and believed anything. The other said that there was 
nothing so silly that she could not get her husband to do, if she 
only said it ought to be done, for he was so foolish and stupid that 
you could not easily find his like. 

"Well, let us try who can make the biggest fool of our hus- 
bands, and then we'll see which one is the most stupid," they said 
one day, and to this they both agreed. 

When the husband of the first of these women came home from 
the wood, his wife said : " Goodness gracious ! what ails you ? 
You must be ill, you look as if you were dying." 

" Want of something to eat and drink is all that ails me," said 
the husband. 

w But gracious goodness ! " screeched the woman, "you are look- 
ing worse and worse every minute ! You look like a corpse ! You 
must go to bed ! Dear, oh dear, this can never last long/' And 
in this way she went on, till she got her husband to believe that 
he was on the point of dying, and she got him to go to bed, folded 
his hands, and closed his eyes ; next she laid him out and put him 
into a coffin, and that he might not be smothered while he was 
there, she had some holes made in the boards, so he could bo*h 
breathe and look out. 

The other woman took a pair of carding-combs and began to 
card, but she had no wool upon them. The man happened to 
come in and see this foolish operation.  " There is little help in 
a spinning-wheel without yarn, but carding-combs without wool 
is the height of woman's nonsense," said her husband. 

" Without wool ? " said the woman, " why I have wool ! But 
you don't see it, for it is of a veiy fine sort, I can tell you." When 
she had done the carding, she brought out her spinning-wheel and 
began spinning.  " But this is foolish work," said the man ; "you 
are sitting there spinning and spoiling your wheel all the time, 
since you have got nothing on it!"  "Nothing on it?" said the 
woman, " but the thread is so fine, that it wants better eyes than 
yours to see it," she said. 



Foolish Men and Scolding Wives. 205 

When she was ready with the spinning she took the yarn off the 
wheel and sat up her loom and began weaving the cloth. She 
then took it off her loom, pressed it and cut it out, and sewed new 
clothes of it for her husband ; and when they were ready she hung 
them up in the loft of the storehouse. The husband could see 
neither the cloth nor the clothes, but he had got the belief into 
his head that the cloth was so fine that he could not see, and so 
he only said : " Well yes, if it is so fine, it's very fine indeed." 

But one day his wife said to him : " You must go to the funeral 
to-day; our neighbour, who died the other day, is going to be 
buried to-day, and so you had better use your new clothes."  Yes, 
he would go to the funeral, and she helped him to put the clothes 
on, for they were so fine, that he might easily tear them to pieces 
if he put them on himself. When he came to his neighbour's farm 
the funeral feast had already begun, and the guests had been 
drinking hard ; their grief did not increase much you may depend, 
when they saw the last arrival in his new clothes. 

But when they set out for the churchyard, and the dead man 
peeped out through the holes in his coffin, he burst out laughing 
till the coffin shook. 

" Well, well," he cried ; " I can't help laughing when I see 
Joe Southend walking stark naked at my funeral ! " 

When the people heard this, they were not slow in taking the 
lid off the coffin, and the man in the new clothes asked how it was 
that the man whose funeral they had been feasting at was lying in 
the coffin, talking and laughing ; " it would be more seemly if he 
was crying and weeping." 

" Well, tears never dug any one out of his grave yet," said the 
other, and so the two husbands found out at last how their wives 
had been plotting the whole thing against them. Then they went 
home and did the most sensible thing which they ever had done in 
their lives, and if there is anybody who likes to know what that 
was he must go and ask the birch rod over the door. 




THE PARSON AND THE CLERK. 



Once upon a time there was a parson, who was such a bully, 
that he screamed out a long way off, when anybody came driving 
against him in the jnain road : " Out of the way, out of the way I 
Here comes the parson himself 1" 

One day, when he was driving along and carrying on in this way, 
lie met the king. " Out of my way, out of my way ! " lie shouted, 
ever so far off. But the king drove straight on and took no notice 
of him, so that time the parson had to pull his horse on one side. 
When the king came alongside him, he said: " To-morrow, you 
will have to appear at the palace, and if you cannot answer the 
three questions which I will ask you, you shall lose both your 
gown and your collar, for your pride's sake." 

That was something different to what the parson was used to. 
He could bawl and shout and carry on terribly, but to bother his 
brains with problems and answers was out of the question. So he 
went to the clerk, who they said had a much smarter tongue than 



The Parson and the Clerk. 



the parson. He told the clerk he had no mind to go, " for a fool 
can ask more than ten wise men can answer," said the parson, and 
so he got the clerk to go instead. 

Well, the clerk set out and came to the palace dressed in the 
parson's gown and collar. The king received him at the door 




with crown and sceptre, and was so fine that he glittered a long 
way off. 

" Oh, you are there, are you ? " asked the king. 

Yes, he was there, sure enough. 

" Now, tell me first," said the king, " how far is it from east 
to west ? " 



208 



The Parson and the Clerk. 



" Why, a day's journey," said the clerk. 

" How do you make that out ? " asked the king. 

" Well, don't you see, the sun rises in the east and sets in the 
west, and he does it easily enough in a day," said the clerk. 

" Very well," said the king ; " but tell me now, what you think I 
am worth, as I stand here before you." 

" Well, our Lord was valued at thirty silver pieces, and I suppose 
I cannot put you higher than twenty-nine," said the clerk. 

" So, so ! n said the king, " since you are so very clever at every- 
thing, tell me what it is I am thinking about just now ?" 

" Why, you are surely thinking it is the parson who stands here 
before you ; but so help me, if you don't think wrong,  for I am 
the clerk." 

" Be off with you,  go home, and you be the parson and let him 
be clerk/' said the king, and so it was. 




THE GIANT AND JOHANNES BLESSOM. 



ABOVE Vaage parsonage rises a hill or small mountain, crowned 
with tall and majestic pine-trees. It is called the " Jutulsbcrg," 
or the giant's mountain, by the Vaage people. It is very steep and 
is full of deep dark crevices. By a freak of nature a formation of 
the rocks, somewhat resembling a large gateway, can be seen in 
one of its most bare and weatherbeaten sides. If you stand on 
the bridge over the wild Finne river, or on the further side of the 
fields, and look up at the gate above the overhanging garlands and 
luxuriant foliage of the weeping birch which grows out of the fissures 
in the rock, and if, in addition, you call your imagination to your 
assistance, the formation takes the appearance of a double gateway, 
which at the top is joinsd in a gothic arch. 

Old, white-stemmed birch trees stand as pillars at its sides, but 
their lofty crowns do not reach up to where the arch begins. If 
the gateway extended into the mountain the length of a church, 
you could put Vaage church with roof and spire into it. It is 
not an ordinary door or gate,  it is the entrance to the giant'r. 



2io The Giant and Johannes Blessom. 

castle  the giant's gate as it is called, under which the biggest 
troll with fifteen heads can comfortably pass without bending 
his neck. 

If any one in the olden days, when there was more intercourse 
between human beings and trolls, wanted to borrow anything from 
the giant, or to speak with him on other business, it was customary 
to throw a stone at the gate and say : " Open, Jutul ! " 

One afternoon, a couple of years ago, I came on a visit to the 
parsonage. The family had gone up to their mountain dairy and 
there was no one at home but an old peasant, who, on being re- 
quested to show me the way, went with me up to the giant's gate. 
We knocked, but no one came to open it. It was not to be won- 
dered at that the giant would not receive us, or that he at his 
advanced age so seldom receives visitors, for if we were to judge by 
the numerous marks of stones having been thrown at the gate, he 
must have been exceedingly troubled with visits. 

"One of the last who saw him/' said my companion, "was 
Johannes Blessom, the parson's neighbour. But I should think he 
wished he never had seen him," he added* 

" This Johannes Blessom was once down in Copenhagen about a 
lawsuit  for there was no justice to be had here in the country in 
those days, and if any one wished for ' fair play ' there was no help 
for it but to go down there. His father, who also had a lawsuit, 
did the same thing before him. Well, it was a Christmas eve, 
when Johannes had finished his business with the grand folks, and 
was ready to start home ; he walked along the streets in a gloomy 
mood, for he was longing to be at home up in the far north, and 
knew there was no way of getting home till long after Christmas. 
Suddenly a person, who by his dress appeared to be a peasant from 
his own parish of Vaage, passed him in a great hurry. He was a 
big, tall man, with large silver buttons as big as dollar pieces in 
his white jacket. Johannes thought he knew him, but he walked 
past him so quickly that he did not get a good sight of his face. 

" ' You are in a great hurry/ said Johannes. 

" ' Yes, I have to make haste/ answered the stranger ; ' I have to 
be at Vaage to-night ! ' 



The Giant and Johannes Blessom. 



213 



" ' I wish I could get there as well/ said Johannes. 

" ' Well, you can stand behind on my sledge/ said the stranger, 
1 for I have a horse who does the mile in twelve strides.' 

"Johannes thanked him for the offer, went with him to the stable, 
and off they started. Johannes was only just able to stick on to 
the sledge, for away they went like the wind through the air. He 
could neither see earth nor sky. 

" At one place they stopped to rest. Johannes could not tell 
where it was, but just as they were starting again he saw a skull 
on a pole. When they had travelled some distance Johannes began 
to feel cold. 

" ' Ugh ! I forgot one of my mittens where we rested/ said he ; 
' my fingers are freezing ! ' 

" 'You'll have to stand it, Johannes Blessom/ said the stranger, 
' it isn't far to Vaage now. Where we rested was half-way ! ' 

"The stranger stopped just before they came to the bridge over 
the Finne river to put Johannes down. 

" ' You are not far from home, now/ said he, ' and you must 
promise me not to look behind you if you hear any rumble or see 
any light around you/ 

"Johannes promised this and thanked him for the lift The 
stranger proceeded on his way over the Finne bridge, and Johannes 
walked up the hill-side to his farm. But all of a sudden he heard 
a rumble in the giant's mountain, and the road in front of him was 
suddenly lighted up,  he thought he could have seen to pick up a 
needle. He forgot what he had promised, and turned his head to 
see what it was. The gate in the* mountain was wide open and 
there came a light from it as from many thousand candles. Right 
in the middle of the gate he saw the giant himself,  it was the 
stranger he had been driving with. But from that day, Johannes 
Blessom's head was all on one side, and so it remained as long as 
he lived." 




THE BOX WITH THE FUNNY THING IN IT. 



ONCE upon a time there was a little boy, who was walking along 
a road. When he had gone some distance he found a box. 
"There must be something funny in that box," he said to himself; 
but although he twisted and turned it he was not able to get it 
open. When he had walked some distance farther he found a 
little key. He was tired, and sat down by the roadside. He thought 
it would be great fun to see if the key fitted the box, for there was 
a little keyhole in it. He took the little key out of his pocket ; 
he blew first into the pipe of the key, and then he blew into the 
keyhole ; he put the key into the keyhole and turned it round. 
' Click," said the lock, and when he tried the lid the box was open. 
But can you guess what there was in the box ? Why, it was a 
calf s tail, and if the calf's tail had been longer this tale would have 
been longer too. 



THE WIDOW'S SON. 



THERE was once a poor, very poor widow, who had an only son. 
She pulled through with the boy till he was confirmed ; but then 
she told him that she could not feed him any longer ; he would 
have to go out and earn his own bread. 

The lad wandered out into the world, and when he had walked 
a day or so he met a stranger.  " Where are you going to ? " asked 
the man.  " I'm going out into the world to try and get some 
work," said the lad.  "Will you come into my service?" asked 
the man.  " Well, why not ! just as well with you as with anybody 
else," answered the lad.  u You will find it a very good place," 
said the man ; " you are only going to keep me company and do 
nothing else besides." 

So the lad went with him home, and he got plenty of food and 
drink, and had little or nothing to do ; but on the other hand he 
never saw a living soul come near the man. 

So one day the man said to him : " I'm going away for eight 
days, and during that time you will be here all alone, but you must 
not go into any of these four rooms here. If you do I will take 
your life when I come back."  No, said the lad, he should not go 
into any of the rooms. 

But when the man had been away three or four days the lad 
could not help going into one of the rooms. He looked round, but 
saw nothing but a shelf over the door, on which lay a brier twig. 
Well, this is surely something to forbid my seeing, thought the boy. 

When the eight days were gone the man returned.  " You haven't 
been into any of the rooms, I suppose ?" said he.  "No, not ?t 



216 The Widows Son. 



all," said the lad.  " Well, we shall soon see," said the man, and 
with that he went into the room where the lad had been. " But I 
find you have been there after all," said the man, "and now you 
shall lose your life." 

The lad ciied and begged for himself till he got off with his life ; 
but he got a good thrashing. When that was over they were as 
good friends as ever. 

Some time afterwards the man went away again ; he was going to 
stay away for a fortnight this time, but first he told the lad that he 
must not put a foot in any of the rooms where he had not already 
been ; he might, however, go into that room where he had been. 

Well, it happened just as the last time, only that the lad waited 
eight days before he went into the second room. In this room he 
saw nothing but a shelf over the door, and a piece of rock and a 
water-jug on it. Well, that's something to be so afraid of, thought 
the lad again. 

When the man came back he asked the lad if he had been into 
any of the rooms.  No, not likely, the lad hadn't been there !  
" We shall soon sec, 1 ' said the man, but when he saw that the lad 
had been into one of the rooms after all, he said : " I shall spare 
you no longer now ; you will lose your life this time S" 

But the lad cried and begged for himself again, and he got off 
with a good thrashing again, but this time he got as much as he 
could possibly stand. When he had got over the effects of the 
thrashing he led the same comfortable life as before, and he and 
the man were the best of friends again. 

Some time after the man had to go on a journey again, and this 
time he should be away for three weeks, and so he said to the lad 
that if he went into the third room during his absence, he would 
not have the slightest chance of escaping with his life. 

When fourteen days had gone the lad could not help himself; 
but stole into the third room ; he saw nothing in there except 
a trap-door in the floor. When he lifted it up and looked down 
into the room below he saw a big copper kettle which stood there 
and boiled and bubbled ; but he saw no fire under it. 

It would be great fun to feel if it is hot, thought the boy, and put 



The Widow's Son. 217 



his finger into the kettle, but when he pulled it out again it was 
gilded all over. The boy scraped and washed it, but the gilding 
would not come off, so he tied a rag round it, and when the man 
came home and asked what was the matter w.th his finger the lad 
said that he had cut himself very badly. But the man tore off the 
rag, and then he saw easily enough what really ailed the finger. 

He was at first going to kill the lad ; but as he began crying and 
praying for himself again, he gave him such a sound thrashing 
instead that he had to keep his bed for three days, and then the 
man took a jar down from the wall, and rubbed the lad with some 
of its contents and he was as well as ever again. 

Before long the man went away again, and was not coming 
back for a month. But he told the lad that if he went into the 
fourth room he must not have any hope of escaping with his life 
that time. 

For two or three weeks the lad managed to resist the temp- 
tation, but then he couldn't help himself any longer,  he must 
and would go into that room, and so he did. There stood a big 
black horse in a box by himself, and with a manger of glowing 
cinders at his head, and a truss of hay at his tail. The lad 
thought this was altogether wrong ; he changed them about and 
put the truss of hay at the horse's head. 

So the horse said : " Since you have such a good heart that you 
let me have something to eat, I will save you from the troll, for 
that's what the man is that you are with. But now you must go 
up into the room just above here and take a suit of armour out of 
those hanging there, and mind you do not take any of the bright 
ones, but the most rusty you see. Take that one ! And 
sword and saddle you must look out for yourself in the same 
way." 

The lad did as he was told, but it was very heavy work to carry 
it all at once. When he came back the horse told him to take all 
his clothes off and jump into the kettle which stood and boiled in 
the room below, and to have a good dip there. 

" I shall be an awful sight then," thought the lad, but he did 
as the horse had told him. When he had finished his bath he 



218 The Widow's Son. 



became handsome and smart, and as red and white as blood 
and milk, and much stronger than before. 

"Do you feel any different ?" asked the horse.  " Yes," said 
the lad.  " Try if you can lift me," said the horse.  Oh, yes, he 
could do that ; and the sword, why, he swung it about his head as 
if it were nothing at all. " Now, put the saddle &lt;5n me," said the 
horse, " and put the suit of armour on you, and then don't forget 
the brier-twig, the piece of rock, the water-jug, and the jar of 
ointment, and then we'll be off." 

The lad had no sooner got on the horse than off they went at 
such a rate that he couldn't tell how fast they got on. When he had 
been riding for some time the horse said to him : " I think I hear 
a rumbling of something ! Just look round ; can you see any- 
thing ? "  " Yes, there arc a great, great many coming after us ; 
at least a score," said the lad.  " Well, that's the troll," said the 
horse ; " he is coming after us with his imps." 

They rode on for a while, unt'l they who were coming after 
them were close upon them. " Now throw your brier-twig over 
your shoulder," said the horse, " but throw it a good distance be- 
hind me !" The lad did so, and suddenly a big, close brier-wood 
grew up behind them. So the lad rode a long, long way, while 
the troll had to go home and fetch something to hew his way 
through the wood. 

But in a while the horse said again : " Look behind ! Can you 
see anything now ? "-*-" Yes, a great many," said the lad ; " as 
many as would fill a church."  " Ah ha ! that's the troll,  he has 
taken more with him this time. Throw the piece of rock you 
have, but throw it far behind me ! " 

As soon as the lad had done what the horse had said, a great 
steep mountain rose behind him, and so the troll had to go home 
and fetch something to mine his way through the mountain, and 
while the troll was doing this the lad rode again some distance on 
his way. But before long the horse asked him to look behind him 
again, and then the lad saw a crowd like a big army in bright 
armour, which glistened in the sun. " Ah ha ! " said the horse, 
" that's the troll,  now he has got all his imps with him. Take the 



&gt; 



The Widow's Son. 221 



water-jug and throw all the water out behind you, but mind you 
do not spill any of it on me ! " 

The lad did as he was told, but for all the care he took, he 
happened to spill a drop on the horse's flank. Well, the water he 
threw behind him became a great lake, but on account of the 
drop he spilled on the horse he found himself far out in the water, 
but the horse swam safely to land with him. When the trolls 
came to the lake they laid down to drink it dry, but they 
drank till they burst. " Now we have got rid of them/' said 
the horse. 

So when they had travelled a long, long time, they came to a 
green plain in a wood. " Now you must take off your whole suit 
of armour and only put your own ragged clothes on," said the 
horse, " and then take the saddle off me and let me go ; but hang 
all the things inside this big hollow lime-tree here. You must 
then make yourself a wig of pine-moss and go up to the king's 
palace, which is close by ; there you must ask for service. 
Whenever you want me, only come and shake the bridle, and 
I'll come to you." 

Yes, the lad did as the horse had told him, and when he pu 
the wig of moss on his head he became so ugly, and pale, and 
miserable looking that no one would know him again. He then 
went to the palace and asked first, if he could get some work in 
the kitchen and carry water and wood for the cook ; but the cook 
asked : " Why do you wear that ugly wig ? Take it off you ! I 
won't have such a fright in here."  ''I can't do that," answered 
the lad, " I am not all right in my head."  " Do you think I will 
have you here near the food, if that's the case ?" said the cook ; 
" go down to the coachman ; you are better suited for cleaning 
out the stable." 

But when the coachman asked him to take off his wig and got 
the same answer he would not have him either. " You had better 
go to the gardener," he said ; " you are more fit for digging in the 
garden." Yes, the gardener would tajce him, and gave him leave 
to stay with him, but none of the other servants would sleep with 
him, so he had to sleep by himself under the steps of the summer- 



222 The Widow's Son. 



house. It stood on posts, and a high staircase led up to it ; under 
this he put some moss for a bed, and there he lay as well as he 
could. 

When he had been some time at the palace, it happened one 
morning, just as the sun was rising, that the lad had taken off 
his wig of moss and was washing himself; he then looked so 
handsome that it was a pleasure to look at him. 

The princess saw the lad from her window, and she thought that 
she never had seen any one so handsome. She asked the gardener 
why the lad slept out there under the steps. " Oh, none of his 
fellow-servants will sleep with him," said the gardener. "Let him 
come up and lie outside the door of my chamber," said the prin- 
cess, " and then I suppose they will not think themselves too good 
to sleep in the same room as he." 

The gardener told the lad of it. " Do you think I'll do that ? " 
said the lad; "they would say that I was running after the 
princess."  " Yes, you are very likely to be suspected of that," 
said the gardener, " you are so good-looking ! "  " Well, if she 
orders it so, I suppose I must go," said the lad. 

When he was going up stairs in the evening he tramped and 
stamped so terribly that they had to tell him to walk more softly, 
that the king should not get to know it. So he lay down by the 
door and began to snore. 

The princess then said to her maid: "Just go quietly to him 
and pull off his wig." The maid was just going to snatch it off 
his head, when he took hold of it with both his hands and said that 
she should not have it ; and with that he lay down again and 
began snoring. The princess gave the maid a sign again, and that 
time she snatched the wig off him, and there lay the lad so lovely 
and red and white, just as the princess had seen him in the morning 
sun. After that the lad slept every night outside the princess's 
chamber. 

But before long the king got to hear that the gardeners boy lay 
outside the princess's chamber every night, and he was so enraged 
at this that he almost took the lad's, life. He did not do this, 
however, but threw him into the prison tower. He shut up his 



The Widow's Son. 



223 



daughter in her chamber, and told her she should not have leave 
to go out day or night. She cried and prayed for herself and the 
lad, but all to no purpose. The king only got more vexed at it. 

In a while a war broke out in the Lind, and the king had to take 
up arms against another king, who wanted to take the kingdom 
from him. When the lad heard this lie asked the keeper to go to 
the king and ask for a suit of armour and a sword and permission 
to go to the war. All laughed when the keeper delivered his 
message, and asked the king to give him some old rusty suit, that 
they might have the fun of seeing this poor wretch going to fight 
in the war. So the lad got permission and an old, wretched horse 




in the bargain, who jogged along on three legs and dragged the 
fourth after him.  

So they all set out to meet the enemy ; but they had not got far 
from the palace before the lad got stuck in a bog with his nag. 
There he sat and kicked away and cried: "Gee up, gee up!" to 
his nag. All amused themselves at this sight, and laughed and 
made game of the lad as they rode past. 

But no sooner were they out of sight than the lad ran to the 
lime-tree, put on his suit of armour, and shook the bridle. The 
horse appeared at once, and said : " You do your best, and I will 



224 



The Widow's Son. 



do mine!" When the lad came up the battle had already begun, 
and the king was in a bad plight ; but the lad rushed into the 
thick of the fight and put the enemy to flight. The king and his 
people wondered much who it could be who had come to help 
them ; but no one came so near him as to be able to talk to him, 
and when the battle was over he was gone. When they rode 
home, they found the lad still stuck in the bog, kicking away at 
his three-legged nag, and they began laughing again. " Just look ! 
there sits that fool still ! " they said. 







The next day when they set out again, the lad was still sitting 
there ; they laughed again and made game of him, but no sooner 
had they ridden past him, before the lad ran to the lime-tree, and 
all happened just as on the first day. Every one wondered who 
this strange warrior could be that had helped the king. No one, 
of course, guessed it could be the lad ! 

When they were on their way home at night and saw the lad 
still sitting there on his horse, they jeered at him again, and one of 



The Widows Son. 225 



them shot an arrow at him and hit him in the leg. He began to 
cry and wail so pitiably, that the king threw his pocket-hand- 
kerchief to him to tie round the wound. 

The third morning when they set out, they found the lad still 
on his nag in the bog. " Gee up, gee up ! " he was shouting to his 
horse. "I am afraid he will be sitting there till he starves to 
death/' said one of the king's soldiers, as they rode past him, and 
laughed at him till they were nearly falling off their horses. But 
when they were gone, he ran again to the lime-tree, and came up 
to the battle in the very nick of time. That day he killed the 
king of the enemy, and so the war was all over. 

When the battle was over, the king happened to discover his 
handkerchief, which the strange warrior had tied round his 
leg, and he had no difficulty then in guessing who he was. They 
received him with great joy, and brought him with them to the 
palace, and the princess, who saw him from her window, became 
so glad, that no one could believe it, and she exclaimed joyfully : 
" There comes my love." 

He then took the pot of ointment and rubbed himself on the 
leg, and afterwards he rubbed all the wounded, so that all were 
well there and then. 

So he married the princess, but on the very day when the 
wedding took place, he went down into the stable to his horse, who 
was standing there quite sullen and dejected ; his ears hung down, 
and he would not eat anything. When the young king  for he 
was now made king, and had got half the kingdom  spoke to him 
and asked what was the matter with him, the horse said : " I have 
now helped you through, and I do not care to live any longer. 
You must take the sword and cut my head off." 

" No, I will do nothing of the sort/' said the young king ; " but 
you shall have everything you want and do no more work."  
" Well, if you don't do as I tell you," said the horse, " you had 
better look out for your life, which is in my hands entirely." 
So the king had to do what was asked of him ; but when he 
lifted the sword and was about to strike, he felt so grieved that 
he had to turn his face away, because he would not see the blow ; 

Q 



226 



The Widow's Son. 



but no sooner had he cut the head off, than the loveliest prince 
stood on the spot where the horse had stood. 

" Where in all the world did you come from ? " asked the king. 

"It was I who was the horse/ 1 answereo the prince. "At one 
time I was king in the land where the .king came from that you 
killed in the battle yesterday. It was he who turned me into a 
horse and sold me to the troll. But now that he is killed, I shall 
get my kingdom back again, and you and I will be neighbouring 
kings ; but we will never make war on one another/' 

And no more they did ; they were friends as long as they lived, 
and they used to go and visit each other very often. 



EAST OF THE SUN AND WEST OF THE 
MOON. 




THERE was once a poor tenant who 
had many children, but very little food 
or clothes to give them ; they were all 
pretty children, but the prettiest was the 
youngest daughter, who was so lovely 
that there was almost too much of her 
loveliness. 

So one Thursday evening, late in the 
autumn, when there was terrible weather 
and it was dreadfully dark out of doors, 
and it rained and blew as well till the 
wall creaked, they were all sitting by the 
hearth busy with something or other. 
All at once some one knocked three times 
on the window-pane. The goodman 
went out to see what was the matter; 
when he came outside he saw a great 
big white bear. 

"Good evening !" said the white bear. 
 " Good evening!" said the man.  "Will 
you give me your youngest daughter, and 
I will make you as rich as you now are 
poor," sni'd the bear.  Yes; the man 
Q 2 



228 East of the Sun and West of the Moon. 

thought it would be very nice to be so rich, but he must speak 
with his daughter first ; so he went in and told her that a great 
white bear was outside, who promised that he would make them 
rich if he could only get her. She said " No," and would not 
agree to any such arrangdment ; so the man went out and arranged 
with the white bear that he should come again next Thursday 
evening for an answer. In the meantime they talked her round, 
and told her of all the riches they would come in possession of, 
and how fine she herself would have it in* her new home ; so at last 
she gave in to their entreaties and began washing and mending her 
few rags and made herself look as well as she could, and was at 
last ready for the journey. Her baggage, of course, was not much 
to speak of. 

Next Thursday evening the white bear came to fetch her ; she 
got up on his back with her bundle, and away they went. When 
they had gone some distance the white bear said : " Are you 
afraid ? "  No, she wasn't afraid.  " Well, only hold tight by my 
coat and there's no danger," said the bear. 

And so she rode far, far away, md came at last to a big moun- 
tain. The white bear knocked at it and a gate was opened, and 
they came into a castle where there were a great many rooms all 
lit up and gleaming with silver and gold, and amongst these was a 
great hall, where a table stood ready laid ; in fact, all was so grand 
and splendid that you would not believe it unless you saw it. So 
the white bear gave her a silver bell, which she was to ring when- 
ever there was anything she wanted, and her wishes would be 
attended to at once. 

Well, when she had eaten, it was getting late in the evening, 
and she became sleepy after the journey, so she thought she would 
like to go to bed. She rang the bell, and had scarcely touched it, 
before she was in a room, where she found such a beautiful bed as 
any one could wish for, with silken pillows and curtains, and gold 
fringes ; everything else in the room was made of gold and silver. 
But when she had gone to bed and put out the light, she heard 
some one coming into the room and sitting down in the big arm- 
chair near the bed. It was the white bear, who at night could 



East of the Sun and West of the Moon. 229 

throw off his shape, and she could hear by his snoring as he sat 
in the chair that he was now in the shape of a man ; but she never 
saw him, because he always came after she had put out the light, 
and in the morning before the day dawned he was gone. 

Well, for a while everything went on happily, but then she began 
to be silent and sorrowful, for she went about all day alone, 
and no wonder she longed to be home with her parents and her 
sisters and brothers again. When the white bear asked what 
ailed her, she said she was so lonely there, she walked about all 
alone, and longed for her home and her parents and brothers and 
sisters, and that was the reason she was so sad. 

"But you may visit them, if you like," said the white bear, "if 
you will only promise me one thing. You must never talk alone 
with your mother, but only when there are others in the room. 
She will take you by the hand and try to lead you into a room to 
speak with you all by yourself ; but you must not do this by any 
means, or you will make us both unhappy, and bring misfortune 
over us." 

One Sunday the white bear came and told her that they were 
now going to see her parents. Away they went, she sitting on his 
back, and they travelled far and long ; at last they came to a 
grand white farmhouse, where her sisters and brothers were running 
about. Everything was so pretty that it was a pleasure to see it. 

' Your parents are living there," said the bear ; " but mind you 
don't forget what I have said, or you will make us both unhappy." 
No, she would not forget it. When they came to the farm, the 
bear turned round and went away. 

There was such a joy when she came in to her parents that there 
was no end to it. They said they did not know how to thank her 
fully for what she had done for them. They had everything they 
wanted, and everybody asked after her and wanted to know how 
she was getting on, and where she*was living. She said that she 
was very comfortable and had everything she "wished for ; but what 
she otherwise answered I don't know, but I believe they did not 
get much out of her. 

But one day after dinner it happened exactly as the white bear 



230 East of the Sun and West of the Moon. 

had said ; her mother wanted to speak with her alone in her 
chamber. But she recollected what the bear had told her, and 
would not go with her. " What we have got to talk about, we can 
do at some other time," she said. But somehow or other her 
mother talked her round at last, and so she had to tell her every- 
thing. She told her how a man came into her room every night 
as soon as she had put out the light, and how she never saw him, 
for he was always gone before the day dawned. She was sorrowful 
at this, for she thought she would so like to see him ; and in the 
day time she walked about there all alone and felt very lonely 
and sad. 

" Oh, dear me ! " said her mother, " it may be a troll for all we 
know ! But I will tell you how you can get a sight of him. You 
shall have a piece of a candle from me, and this you must take with 
you home in your bosom. W r hen he is asleep, light that candle, 
but take care not to drop any of the tallow on him."  Yes, she took 
the candle and hid it in her bosom, and in the evening the white 
bear came and fetched her. 

When they had gone some distance of the way the bear asked 
her if everything hadn't happened as he had said. Yes, she 
couldn't deny that.  " Well, if you have listened to your mother's 
advice you will make us both unhappy, and all will be over between 
us," said the bear.  No, that she hadn't ! 

When she came home and had gone to bed, the same thing 
occurred as before. Some one came into the room and sat in the 
arm-chair by her bedside, but in the middle of the night when she 
heard that he was asleep, she got up and struck a light, lit the 
candle, and let the light fall on him. She then saw that he was the 
loveliest prince any one could wish to see, and she fell at once in 
love with him ; she thought that if she could not kiss him there and 
then she would not be able to live. And so she did, but she 
dropped three hot drops of tallow on him, and he woke up. 

u What have you done ? " he said, " you have now made us both 
unhappy for ever, for if you had only held out one year I should 
have been saved. I have a stepmother who has bewitched me, 
and I am now a white bear by day and a man by night. But now 



East of the Sun and West of the Moon. 233 

all is over between us, and I must leave you and go back to her ; 
she lives in a castle which lies east of the sun and west of the moon, 
and in the same castle there is a princess with a nose two yards 
long, and now I must marry her." 

She wept and cried, but there was no help for it ; he must go and 
leave her. So she asked him if she might not go with him. No, 
that was impossible !  " But if you will tell me the way, I will try 
and find you," she said. " I suppose I may have leave to do that ! " 
 Yes, she could do that, he said, but there was no road to that 
place ; it lay east of the sun and west of the moon, and she could 
never find her way there. 

Next morning when she awoke, both the prince and the castle 
were gone ; she lay on a little green field far in the middle of the 
dark thick forest, and by her side lay the same bundle with her old 
rags which she had brought with her from home. When she had 
rubbed the sleep out of her eyes and wept till she was tired, she 
set out on her way and walked for many, many a day, till she at 
last came to a big mountain. 

Close to it an old woman sat and played with a golden apple. 
She asked her if she knew the way to the prince who lived with his 
stepmother in a castle that lay east of the sun and west of the moon, 
and who was going to marry a princess with a nose two yards long. 
 "How do you know him ?" asked the old woman, "perhaps it 
was you who should have had him ? "  Yes, it was she. " Ah, 
indeed ! is that you ? " said the woman ; " well, all I know is that he 
lives in that castle which lies cast of the sun and west of the moon, 
and thither you will come late or never, but I will lend you my 
horse, and on him you can ride to my neighbour, an old friend of 
mine ; perhaps she can tell you. When you have got there, just 
give my horse a blow with your whip under the left ear and ask 
him to go home again ;  and you had better take this golden apple 
with you." 

So she got up on the horse and rode a long, long time till she 
at last came to a mountain, where an old woman was sitting with 
a golden carding-comb. She asked her if she knew the way to the 
castle which lay east of the sun and west of the moon. She 



234 East of the Sun and West of the Moon. 



answered like the first old woman, that she didn't know anything 
about it, but it was sure to be east of the sun and west of the moon, 
" and thither you will come, early or late, but I will lend you my 
horse as far as my neighbour ; perhaps she can tell you. When you 
have got there, just give my horse a blow under the left ear and ask 
him to go home again." And the old woman gave her the golden 
carding-comb, which might come in useful for her. 

The young girl got up on the horse and rode for a long, long 
weary time, and came at last to a large mountain, where an old 
woman was sitting and spinning on a golden spinning-wheel. She 
asked her if she knew the way to the prince, and where the castle 
was that lay east of the sun and west of the moon. And so came 
the same question : " Perhaps it is you who should have had the 
prince ? "  Yes, it was ! But the old woman knew the way no 
better than the other two. It was east of the sun and west of the 
moon,  she knew that,  "and thither you will come, early or late," 
she said, " but I will lend you my horse, and then I think you had 
better ride to the east wind and ask him. Perhaps he is known 
about those parts and can blow you there. When you have got 
there, just touch the horse under the ear and he'll go home again." 
And so she gave her the golden spinning-wheel. "You might 
find use for it," said the old woman. 

She rode on many days for a long weary time before she got to 
the east wind, but after a long time she did reach it, and so she 
asked him if he could tell her the way to the prince, who lived east 
of the sun and west of the moon. Yes, he had heard tell of that 
prince, said the east wind, and of the castle too, but he didn't know 
the way thither, for he had never blown so far. " But if you like, 
I'll go with you to my brother, the west wind. Perhaps he may 
know it, for he is much stronger. Just get up on my back and I'll 
carry you thither." 

Yes, she did so, and away they went at a great speed. When 
they got to the west wind, they went in to him, and the east wind 
told him that his companion was the one who should have had the 
prince who lived in the castle, which lay east of the sun and west 
of the moon ; she was now on her way to find him again, and so he 



East of the Sun and West of the Moon. 237 



had gone with her to hear if the west wind knew where that 
castle was.  " No, I have never blown so far," said the west wind, 
" but if you like I'll go with you to the south wind, for he is much 
stronger than any of us, and he has been far and wide ; perhaps 
he may tell you/ You had better sit up on my back and I'll carry 
you thither." 

Well, she got on his back, and off they started for the south wind ; 
they weren't long on the way, I can tell you ! When they got 
there, the west wind asked his brother if he could tell him the way 
to that castle which lay east of the sun and west of the moon. 
His companion was the one who should have had the prince who 
lived there.  " Oh, indeed ! " said the south wind, " is that she ? 
Well, I have been to many a nook and corner in my time, but so 
far I have never blown. But if you like, I'll go with you to my 
brother, the north wind ; he is the oldest and strongest of all of us, 
and if he doesn't know where it is you will never be able to find 
any one who can tell you. Just get up on my back and I'll carry 
you thither." 

Yes, she sat up on his back, and away they went at such a rate, 
that the way didn't seem to be very long. 

When they got to where the north wind lived he was so wild 
and unruly that cold gusts were felt a long way off. " What do 
you want ? " he shouted from far away, but still it made them 
shiver all over.  " Oh, you needn't be so very ' harsh," said the 
south wind, " it's I, your own brother ; and then I have got her 
with me who should have had the prince who lives in that castle 
which lies east of the sun and west of the moon, and she wants to 
ask you if you have ever been there and if you can tell her the 
way. She is so very anxious to find him again."  " Well, yes, I do 
know where it is," said the north wind ; " I once blew an aspen leaf 
thither, but I was so tired that I wasn't able to blow for many 
days after. But if you really intend going there and you are not 
afraid to come with me, I will take you on my back and try if I 
can blow you so far."  Yes, she was willing ; she must go thither, 
if it were possible, one way or another, and she wasn't a bit afraid, 
go how it would. 



2 3 8 



East of the Sun and West of the Moon. 



" Very well 1 " said the north wind, "you must stop here to-night 
then, for we must have a whole day before us and perhaps more, 
if we are to reach it" 




the tops of the billows touched their heels. 
" Arc you afraid ? " said the north wind.- 



Early next morning 
the north wind called her, 
and then he blew him- 
self out and made him- 
self so big and strong 
that he was terrible to 
look at. Away they 
went, high up through 
the air at such a fearful 
speed, as if they were 
going to the end of the 
world. There was such 
a hurricane on land that 
trees and houses were 
blown down, and when 
they came out on the big 
sea ships were wrecked 
by hundreds. And on- 
wards they swept, so far, 
far, that no one would 
believe how far they went, 
and still farther and far- 
ther out to sea, till the 
north wind got more 
and more tired and so 
knocked up that he was 
scarcely able to give an- 
other blow, and was sink- 
ing and going down more 
and more ; and at last 
they were so low that 



'No," she said, she 



East of the Sun and West of the Moon. 239 



wasn't a bit afraid. But they were not so very far from land 
either, and the north wind had just sufficient strength left to reach 
the shore and put her off just under the windows of the castle 
which lay east of the sun and west of the moon ; but he was then 
so tired and worn out that he had to rest for many days before he 
could start on his way home again. 

Next morning she sat down under the castle windows, and 
began playing with the golden apple, and the first one she saw 
was the princess with the long nose, whom the prince was going 
to marry. 

" What do you want for that golden apple of yours ? " she asked, 
and opened the casement.  " It is not for sale, neither for gold nor 
money," said the girl.  " If it isn't for sale for gold or money, what 
do you want for it then ? " said the princess; "I'll give you what 
you ask ! "  " Well, if I to-night may sit in the arm-chair by the 
bedside of the prince who lives here, you shall have it," said the 
girl who came with the north wind.  Yes, she might do that, there 
would be no difficulty about that. 

So the princess got the golden apple ; but when the girl came up 
into the prince's bedroom in the evening, he was fast asleep ; she 
called him and shook him, and now and then she cried and wept ; 
but no, she could not wake him up so that she might speak to him. 
Next morning, as soon as the day dawned, the princess with the 
long nose came and turned her out of the room. 

Later in the day she sat down under the castle windows and 
began carding with her golden carding-comb, and then the same thing 
happened again. The princess asked her what she wanted for the 
carding-comb, and she told her that it wasn't for sale neither for 
gold nor money, but if she might get leave to sit in the arm-chair 
by the prince's bedside that night, she should have it. But when 
she came up into the bedroom she. found him fast asleep again, 
and for all she cried and shook him, for all she wept, he slept so 
soundly that she could not get life into him ; and when the day 
dawned in the early morning, in came the princess with the long 
nose and turned her out of the room again. 

So as the day wore on, she sat down under the castle windows 



24o East of the Sun and West of the Moon. 

and began spinning on the spinning-wheel, and that the princess 
with the long nose wanted also to have. She opened the casement 
and asked the girl what she wanted for it. The girl told her, as 
she had done twice before, that it was not for sale either for gold or 
money, but if she might sit in the arm-chair by the prince's bed- 
side that night she should have it. Yes, she might do that. But 
there were some Christian people who had been carried off and 
were imprisoned in the room next to the prince's, and they had 
heard that some woman had been in his room and wept and cried 
and called his name two nights running, and this they told the 
prince. 

In the evening, when the princess came and brought him his 
drink, he made appear as if he drank, but he threw it over his 
shoulder, for he felt sure she had put a sleeping draught in his 
drink. 

So when the girl came into his room that night she found the 
prince wide awake, and then she told him how she had come there. 
" You have just come in time," said the prince, " for to-morrow I 
was to be married to the princess ; but I won't have that Longnose, 
and you are the only one that can save me. I will say that I shall 
want to see what my bride can do, and if she is fit to be my 
wife ; then I will ask her to wash the shirt with the three tallow 
stains on it. She will try, for she does not know that it is you 
who dropped the tallow on the shirt ; but that can only be done by 
Christian folks, and not by a pack of trolls like we have in this 
place ; and so I will say that I will not have anybody else for a 
bride except the one who can wash the shirt clean, and I know 
you can do that." And they felt very glad and happy, and 
they went on talking all night about the joyful time in store 
for them. 

The next day, when the wedding was to take place, the prince 
said : " I think I must see first what my bride can do ! " " Yes, 
quite so!" said the stepmother. " I have got a very fine shirt, 
which I am going to use for my wedding shirt ; but there are three 
tallow stains on it which I want washed out ; and I have made a 
vow that I will not take any other woman for a wife than the one 



East of the Sun and West of the Moon. 



241 



who is able to do that ; if she cannot do that, she is not worth 
having," said the prince. " Well, that was easy enough," said 
the stepmother and agreed to this trial. Well, the princess 
with the long nose set to washing the best she could, but the 
more she washed the bigger grew the stains. "Why, you can- 
not wash," said the old witch, her step-mother ; " let me try ! " 
 but no sooner did she take the shirt than it got stiil worse, 
and the more she washed and rubbed the bigger and blacker the 
stains grew. 

So did the other trolls try their hands at washing, but the longer 




they worked at it the dirtier the shirt grew, till at last it looked as 
if it had been up the chimney. " Ah, you are not worth anything, 
the whole lot of you ! " said the prince ; " there's a poor girl under 
Jhe window just outside here, and I am sure she can wash much 
better than any of you. Come in, my girl ! " he shouted out to 
her.  Yes, she would come in.  " Can you wash this shirt clean ?" 
asked the prince.  " Well, I don't know," she said, " but I will 
try." 

And no sooner had she taken the shirt and dipped it in the 
water, than it was as white as the driven snow, if not whiter. 



242 East of the Sun and West of the Moon. 



" Yes, you shall be my wife," said the prince. But the old witch 
flew into such a rage that she burst ; and the princess with the 
long nose and all the trolls must have burst also, for I never heard 
of them since. The prince and his bride then set free all the 
people who had been carried off and imprisoned there, and so they 
took as much gold and silver with them as they could carry, and 
moved far away from the castle which lay east of the sun and 
west cf the moon. 



1 


~^Mk 




IPj 


"'Jfe 


W^-^^l 


w.^-~^ 





ASHIEPATTLE WHO MADE THE PRINCESS 
TELL THE TRUTH AT LAST. 



There was once upon a time a king, who had a daughter, and 
she was such an awful story-teller, that you couldn't find a greater 
anywhere. So the king made known, that if any one could 
outdo her in telling stories and make her tell the truth, he should 
have her for a wife and half the kingdom in the bargain. 

There were many who tried, for everybody would be glad to get 
the princess and half the kingdom, but they all fared badly. 

R 2 



--- * 



244 ASHIEPATTLE AND THE PRINCESS. 



Well, there were three brothers, who were also going to try their 
luck, and fhe two elder set out first, but they fared no better than 
all the others. So Ashiepattle thought he would try, and set out 
for the palace. 

He met the princess outside the cow-house. " Good day," said 
he.  " Good day," said she ; " I suppose you haven't got such a big 
cow-house as we. When two boys stand, one at each end, and 
blow their horns, they can't hear each other ! "  " Oh, indeed/' said 
Ashiepattle, " ours is a great deal bigger ! If a young calf starts 
to go from one end of it to the other, he is a big bull by the time 
he comes out." 

" May be," said the princess ; " but then you haven't got so big 
a bull as we have Look, there he is!  When two men sit, one 
on each horn, they can't touch each other with a yard measure. "  
* Why, that's nothing," said Ashiepattle ; " we have a bull so big, 
that when two men sit, one on each horn, and blow their horns, 
they can't hear each other. " 

" Oh, indeed," said the princess, " but you haven't got so much 
milk as we anyhow, for we milk our cows into great tubs and 
empty them into great big coppers, and make such awful big 
cheeses." 

" Well, we milk into great big casks, which we cart into the 
dairy, and put the milk into great brewing vats and make cheeses 
as big as houses. Once we had a cream-coloured mare, which we 
put into the vat to tread the cheese together, and she had her foal 
with her, but one day she lost the foal in the cheese and we 
couldn't find it. But after we had been eating the cheese for seven 
years, we came across a great big cream-coloured horse who was 
walking about in the cheese. I was going to drive that horse to 
the mill one day and all of a sudden his back broke right off; but 
I knew how to put that right. I took a pine-twig and stuck it in 
his back, and he had no other back-bone as long as we had him. 
But that twig grew and grew so tall, that I climbed right up to the 
clouds by it, and when I got there I saw the north wind sitting 
there spinning a rope of mutton broth. Suddenly the top of the 
pine-tree broke off, and there I was. But the north wind let me 



ASHIEPATTLE AND THE PRINCESS. 



247 



down by one of the ropes, and I came right into a fox's hole ; and 
who do you think were sittting there ?  Why, my mother and your 
father of course, both mending boots ; and all of a sudden my 
mother -gave your father such a blow with an old boot, that the 
scurf flew out of his hair!" 

" There you tell a lie," shouted the princess ; " my father never 
was scurfy ! " 

And so Ashiepattle won ! 





AN EVENING IN THE SQUIRE'S KITCHEN. 



It was a miserable evening ; outside it was snowing and blowing, 
and in the squire's parlour the candle burned so dimly that you 
could scarcely distinguish anything in the room but a clock-case 
with some Chinese ornaments, a large mirror in an old-fashioned 
frame, and a silver family tankard. The squire and I were the 
only occupants of the room. I sat in a corner of the sofa with a 
book in my hand, while the squire himself had taken a seat In the 
other corner buried in the perusal of the manuscript of a political 



An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 



249 



treatise, which he had called : " Attempts at a few well-meant 
patriotic utterances for the welfare of my country, by Anonymous," 
as he called himself out of modesty. 

To the profound study of this intellectual gold mine, many 
shrewd opinions, as might easily be imagined, owed their birth. 
That he himself, at least, was convinced of their excellence, the 
cunning look in the grey blinking eyes which he directed towards 
me left me no doubt ; there was, however, no want of" well-meant 




*/*** 



patriotic utterances " in his conversation, the quality of which can 
best be judged by those who have had the opportunity of glancing 
over the above-named treatise, or his large imprinted essay about 
the tithes. But all this display of wisdom was lost upon me ; 
I had it at my fingers' ends, having now heard it for the twenty- 
third time. I am not endowed with the patience of an angel ; but 
what could I do ? The retreat to my room was cut off,  they had 
been washing the floor for Sunday, and the room was no doubt 
steaming with vapour from the damp boards. Having made a 



- f - f -r  



250 An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 

few vain attempts at engrossing my attention in my book, I was 
obliged to let myself be carried away by the impetuous torrent of 
the squire's eloquence. The squire was now on his hobby-horse, as 
we say ; he had placed the old worn fur cap by his side on the sofa, 
leaving his bald head and grey hairs exposed. He became more 
and more excited ; he rose from the sofa, walked up and down the 
floor with hurried steps and fought with his hands in the air, till 
the light flickered hither and thither, while the sweeping tail of his 
long grey home-spun coat described long circles every time he 
swung himself round and raised himself on his longer leg, for, 
like Tyrtaeus and Peter Solvold of our parish, he was afflicted 
with a limp. His impassioned words buzzed about my ears like 
cockchafers round the top of the lime-trees. He thundered away ' 
about lawsuits and judgments in the High Court of Justice, about 
disputes with the Court of Chancery, about clearing out the forests, 
about luxury, the rule of the majority in the national assembly, 
and the blowing up of the rocks in the Morkefos, about the corn 
duty and the cultivation of the Jcedern district, about industries 
and centralisations, about the insufficiency of the currency, about 
official aristocracy and all other "ocracies" in the world, from King 
Nebuchadnezzar down to Peter Solvold's democracy. 

It was impossible to endure the jargon and the affected pathos 
of the squire any longer. Out in the kitchen one peal of laughter 
succeeded another; Kristen, the smith on the farm, was the 
spokesman out there  he had evidently just finished a story, and 
another hearty laugh echoed through the room. 

" No, I must go out and hear what the smith is telling," I said, 
interrupting the eloquent squire, and made a dart for the kitchen, 
leaving him behind in the room in company with the dimly burning 
candle and his own disturbed reflections. 

" Stuff and nonsense, and lying rigmaroles ! " he growled, as I 
vanished through the door ; " it's a disgrace to see learned people  
But well-meant patriotic words, no " I heard no more. 

Light, life, and merriment prevailed in the lofty airy kitchen. A 
great fire blazed on the large open hearth and lighted up the room 
even in its farthest corners. By the side of the hearth presided the 



An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 251 

squire's wife with her spinning-wheel. Although she, for many 
years had waged continual war against rheumatism, her pleasant 
face shone like the full moon from under the white head-gear, 
while she had protected herself against any possible attack of the 
enemy by a multiplicity of petticoats and jackets ; and as an outer 
fortification she had put on a monster of a frieze cloak. Along the 
edge of the hearth sat the children, and cracked nuts. Round 
about them was a circle of girls and wives of the neighbouring 
tenants ; " they trod the spinning-wheels with diligent feet, or 
were using the scraping carding-combs/' as an author has it. 
In the passage outside the door, the threshers, who had done 
their day's work, were stamping the snow off their feet before 
they came in,  their hair full of chaff. They sat down by 
the big old-fashioned table, where the cook soon brought them 
their supper, consisting of a large dish of thick porridge and a bowl 
of milk. 

The smith was leaning against the wall by the hearth ; he was 
smoking a long cutty-pipe, and on his countenance, which bore 
traces of smithy-soot, lay a dry, serious expression, which told he 
had been telling some story, and that to his own satisfaction. 

" Good evening, Kristen," said I ; " what are you telling that 
creates such fun ? " 

" Hee, hee, hee ! " screamed the youngsters, with great glee 
depicted in their faces ; " Kristen has told us about the smith and 
the devil, and then about the lad who got him into the nut, and 
now he says he's going to tell us about Peter Sannum, whose horse 
the fairies stopped on the Asmyr hill." 

" Yes/' began the smith, " that Peter belonged to one of the San- 
num farms north of the church. He was a wise man, and he was 
often fetched with sledge and horse to cure both man and beast, 
just like old Mother Bertha Tuppenhaug here. But somehow or 
other he could not have been clever enough, for the fairies tied him 
up once in a field near his farm, where he had to stand the whole 
night with his mouth all on one side ; and that time I was going to 
tell you about he fared no better either. You see, this Peter could 
never agree with people, he was just like  ahem !  hem !  well yes, 



f-f-f 



252 An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 

he was a regular disagreeable fellow, who had lawsuits with every- 
body. Well, he had once a case before the Court of Appeal in 
Christiania, and he had to be in court at ten o'clock in the morning. 
He thought he had better start) from home the evening before to 
be in time, which he did ; but when he came to the Asmyr hill his 
horse was stopped. There is something not quite right there- 
abouts ; many years ago some one hung himself there, and there 
are many who have heard music there, both on fiddles and clario- 
nettes and flutes and other wind instruments. Yes, old Mother 
Bertha could tell something about that ; she has heard it and she 
says she never heard anything so beautiful, it was just like the 
grand band which was over at the bailiff's in 18 14. Isn't that 
true, Bertha ? " asked the smith. 

"Yes, every word of it, my lad," said Mother Bertha, who was 
sitting near the hearth carding. 

" Well, as I told you, the horse was stopped," continued the 
smith, " and it would not move from the spot. For all he whipped 
and shouted the horse only danced round in a ring, but he couldn't 
get him to move either forward or backward. Hour passed after 
hour, but there the horse stood  and thus the whole night through. 
He knew some one must be holding the horse, for although he 
cursed and went on at an awful rate, he did not get a step farther. 
Towards the morning, just in the grey dawn, he got off the horse 
and went up to Ingebret Asmyr, and got him to bring a firebrand 
with him, and when he had got in the saddle again, he asked 
him to throw the firebrand over the horse. I should say he got 
a start then ; away he went at full gallop ; Peter could scarcely 
stick to the horse, and did not stop till he reached town \ "but 
then the horse was burst." 

" I have heard of this before," said old Bertha, and left off 
carding; "but I would never believe thit Peter Sannum didn't 
know better than that : but since you, Kristen, say so, I suppose 
I must believe it." 

" Yes, you may," answered the smith ; " for I heard it from 
Ingebret Asmyr himself, who carried the firebrand and threw it 
over the horse for him." 



An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 253 

" He should have looked down over the horse's head between 
the ears, shouldn't he, Bertha ? " asked one of the boys. 

" Yes, that he should," answered Bertha ; " for then he would 
have seen who held the horse, and then they would have had to let 
his horse go. I have heard that from one who knew more about 
such things than anybody ; they called him 'Hans Cheerful ' at home 
in Halland. In other parishes they called him) ' Hans Decency/ 
for he always used the expression, 'everything with decency/ He 
was taken into the mountain by the fairies, and had been with 
them for many years, and at last they wanted him to marry their 
daughter, who was always hanging about after him. But this he 
wouldn't, and when he had been rung for from several churches, 1 the 
fairies took him at last and threw him from a high knoll far out 
into the parish. He thought himself he would have gone right out 
into the fjord. From that time he became half-witted. He was then 
put out on the parish, and went from farm to farm and told all sorts 
of wonderful stories, but all of a sudden he would laugh and say: 

" ' Hee, hee, hee ! Kari, Karina, I see you ! ' for the huldre 
girl was always after him.  While he was with the fairies, he 
told us, he had always to go with them when they were out to 
provide themselves with food and milk, for everything which the 
sign of the^ross had been made over they had no power to touch, 
and then they said to Hans : ' You'll have to take this, for this has 
been crossed,' and so he filled their bags with tremendous loads of 
all sorts of food ; but if it ever began to thunder, they used to run 
away as fast as they could, so Hans could scarcely follow them. 
He was generally in company with one called Vaatt, and he was so 
strong, that he took both Hans and his load and carried them 
under his arms when such weather came upon them suddenly. 
Once they met the sheriff of Ringerike in a deep valley up in 
Halland, and Vaatt took hold of the horse and stopped him, and 
the sheriff shouted and whipped and pulled the poor horse about 
till he was pitiful to look at. But the sheriff's boy got off the sledge 
and looked over the horse's head between the ears, and then Vaatt 

1 It was an old custom to ring the bells of the pari h church if any one was 
supposed to have been carried off into the mountains by the fairies. 



254 An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 

had to let go his hold, ' and I should say they went off then/ said 
Hans, ' the boy had scarcely time to get on the sledge again, and 
we burst out with such laughter, that the sheriff turned round and 
looked behind  



  



" Yes," said a tenant from a distant part of the parish, " I have 
heard something like that about a parson in Lier. He was once on 
his way to an old woman, who was on her death-bed and who had 
led a wicked life. When he got into the forest his horse was 
stopped for him ; but he knew what to do,  he was a smart fellow 
that Lier parson,  in one jump he was up on the back of the horse, 
and looked over his head between his ears, and then he saw an 
ugly old man, who was holding the reins. They say, it was old 
Nick himself. 

" ' Leave go,  you sha'n't have her/ said the parson. He had to 
leave go, but he gave the horse such a smart blow at the same 
time, that the horse started off at such a pace that the sparks flew 
about under his hoofs, and the boy could scarcely stick on to the 
sledge. That time the parson came riding on horseback to a dying 
parishioner." 

" But I don't know how it will fare with the cows, ma'am," said 
Mary, the dairymaid, who came toiling in with a pail of milk ; " I 
do believe they'll starve. Just look here, ma'am, what little milk 
we get." 

" You must take hay from the stable, Mary," said the squire's 
wife. 

" Yes, I ought to try that ! " answered Maty ; " if 1 go there, the 
men get as savage as wild geese." 

" I'll give you a good piece of advice, Mary," said one of the boys 
with a sly look. " You must boil cream-porridge and put it in the 
stable-loft every Thursday night, and you will find that the brownie 
helps you to carry hay to the cows, while the men are asleep." 

" Well, yes, if there only were any brownie here, I would do it," 
answered the old dairymaid quite innocently ; u but believe me, there 
is no brownie on this farm ; why, our master and mistress don't 
believe in such  no, on Noes with the captain's, that time I served 
there, there was the brownie sure enough ! " 



An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen, 255 

" How do you know that, Mary ? " asked the squire's wife. " Did 
you see him ? " 

" See him ? yes, of course ; IVe seen him, sure enough," answered 
Mary. 

" Oh, tell us, tell us all about it/' shouted the boys. 

" Well, yes ! I can do that/' said the dairymaid and began : 

" When I was in scrv'ce at the captain's I told you of, the stable- 
boy said to me one Saturday night : 

" ' If you'll fodder the horses for me to-night, Mary, Til do you a 
good turn some day.' 

" ' All right/ said I, ' I'll do that for you/ for he was going to see 
his sweetheart, you know. 

" So towards evening when the horses should have their foader, 
and I had given it to a co lple of them, I took an armful of hay to 
give to the captain's own horse,  he was always so fat and glossy, 
you could almost see yourself in his shiny coat,  but just as I was 
going into the box to him, he fell right into my arms " 

" Who, who ? the horse ? " asked the boys. 

" No, of course not ! It was the brownie ; I got so frightened, 
that I dropped the hay on the spot and ran away as fast as I could. 
When Peter, the lad, came home, I said to him : 'I have foddered 
the horses for you once, my dear Peter, but believe me, I sha'n't do 
it again. The captain's horse didn't get aS much as a straw, he 
didn't ! ' and so I told him all about it. 

" ' Ah, that didn't matter a bit/ said Peter, ' the captain's horse 
has got some one that looks after him anyhow, he has ! ' " 

" What did the brownie look like, Mary ? " asked one of 
the boys. 

" Well, you see, I didn't see him exactly ! " she said, " it was so 
dark I couldn't see a hand before me, but I felt him as plainly 
as now, when I touch you ; he was hairy, and didn't his eyes 
glisten ? " 

" Oh, it was only a cat ! " objected another of the boys. 

" Cat ? " said Mary with the greatest contempt, " why, I felt every 
one of his fingers ; he had only four, and they were hairy all over 1 
If that wasn't the brownie, may I never leave this spot alive I " 



256 



An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 



" Of course, that must have been the brownie sure enough," said 
the smith; "for he hasn't got any lhumbs, and he's hairy on his 
fists  I've never shaken hands with him, but I've heard say so ; 
and we all know he minds the horses, and is about the best stable- 




boy you could have. There are a great many he is very useful to ; 
but it's not only he that may be useful to the farmers, for up in 
Ullensaker," he said, as he began a new story, "there was a man 
who once found the fairies just as useful to him as the brownie is to 
others. He lived on Rogli farm, and knew well enough that the 



T- ff ' T 



An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 259 

huldre was there, for once when he was going to town  it was in the 
spring just as the snow was melting away on the roads  and had got 
as far as Skjoellebcek and had watered his horses, he met a herd of 
red cows, so big and fat that it was a pleasure to look at them, and 
after them came several cartloads of tubs and buckets and all sorts 
of things, with fine fat horses for the carts ; but in front went 
a fine lassie with a snow-white milking pail in her hand. 

4&lt; ' But where are you going to, this time of the year ? ' asued the 
Rogli man, surprised. 

" ' Oh, we are going to the Rogli pastures in Ullensaker/ 
answered she who went in front ; ' there is plenty of grass there.' 

" He thought it was rather strange that they were going to graze 
on his pastures, but no one else but he either saw or heard any- 
thing of them. He asked several whom he met on the road, but 
no one had seen any cattle. 

"At home on his farm several strange things nappened too, some- 
times. If he did any work after sunset it was always destroyed 
during the night, and at last he had to give up working after the 
sun had set. 

" But now I must tell you about that time I told you they did 
him a good turn. One autumn he was walking about in his fields, 
feeling if h : s crop of barley was dry ; it was very late in the autumn 
and he thought it wasn't quite dry enough to cart it in yet, but 
then he heard a voice over in a hill saying quite plainly : ' You 
had better cart in your crops ! To-morrow it '11 be snowing ! ' 
And he began carting as fast as he could, and carted till long past 
midnight, till he got his crop in ; but the next morning the snow 
lay shoe-deep in the fields." 

" But it is not always that the fairies are so good/' said one of 
the boys. " What about the huldre who stole the wedding fare at 
Eldstad, and left her cup behind her ? " 

" Yes, I'll tell you all about that," said the smith, who eagerly 
took this hint to begin a new story. 

" There was once a wedding at Eldstad in Ullensaker, but as 
they hadn't any oven on the farm, they had to send the joints to 
the neighbouring farm, where they had an oven, to get them 

S 2 



2&lt;5o An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 

roasted. In the evening, the boy on the farm, where the wedding 
took place, was to fetch them. As he was driving over one of the 
moors, he plainly heard a voice shouting  

" ' If you are going to Eldstad, 
Just tell our Deld, from her sire, 
That Dild fell in the fire.' 

" The boy was frightened, and drove so fast that the wind 
whistled in his nostrils, for the weather was cold, and the roads 
were in a splendid condition. He heard the voice calling after him 
several times, so he remembered the words well. He came safely 
home with his load, and went into a room, where the servants were 
helping themselves to something to eat at the end of a big table, 
as they found time to get a few mouthfuls. 

" ' Holloa, lad ! has Old Nick brought you here already, or 
haven't you gone for the joints yet ? ' asked one of the people 
belonging to the house. 

" 'Yes, of course I have/ said the lad ; ' there you see the joints 
coming in through the door. But I drove as fast as the horse 
could gallop, for when I came over the moor I heard a voice 
shouting after me * 

" ' " If you are going to Eldstad, 
Just tell our Deld, from her sire, 
That Dild fell in the fire." ' 

* ' Oh, that's my child,' shouted a voice from amongst the guests 
in the next room, and in an instant a woman rushed out as if she 
had lost her senses. She ran against one after the other, and 
nearly knocked them over, but suddenly her hat fell off, and it 
was then evident that it was a huldre ; she had been stealing 
both meat and bacon, butter and cake, beer and brandy, and 
all that was good. But she became so upset on hearing about 
the youngster, that she left behind her a silver cup in the beer 
bowl, and didn't notice that her hat had fallen off. They took both 
the cup and the hat and kept them at Eldstad ; and the hat had 
this property, that whoever put it on was invisible to every other 



An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 261 



mortal, except to such as were gifted with second sight ; but whether 
the hat is there still, I cannot say for certain, for I have not seen 
it, nor have I had it on either." 

" Yes, these huldres are very smart at thieving, I have always 
"heard that," said old Bertha Tuppenhaug, "but particularly in the 
summer time when the cattle are up in the mountains. It's 
regular holiday time for both huldres and other fairies then, for 
while the dairymaids go about thinking of their sweethearts, they 
forget to make crosses over the milk and cream and their food, 
and then the fairies can take what they like. It isn't often they 
are seen, but it does happen now and then, as it happened once at 
the Neberg dairy up here. 

" There were some wood-cutters up there at work, and as they 
were going towards the dairy for supper, they heard a voice over in 
the forest shouting to them : 

" ' Tell Kilde, both her sonnies fell in the soup-kettle and burnt 
themselves.' 

" When the wood-cutters came to the dairy they told the girls o 
this, and said : 'As we were going home to supper, just as we had 
shouldered our axes, we heard some one shouting over in the forest : 

tiiU Tell Kilde, both her sonnies fell in the soup-kettle and burnt 
themselves." ' 

'" Oh, they're my children,' some one shouted in the pantry, and 
suddenly a huldre rushed out with a milk-pail in her hand, which 
she dropped as she ran, splashing the milk all about the room." 

"Ah, well! you hear so many tales," said the smith with a 
sneer, as if he had his doubts about the truth of this story ; it was, 
however, perfectly evident that the remark was made out of vexation 
at being interrupted, when he had once fairly started with his 
own stories. No one in the whole parish was richer than he in a 
stock of the most wonderful stories and tales about the huldres and 
fairies ; and his belief in these supernatural beings was on a par 
with the credulity of the most superstitious. " You hear so many 
things/' he continued, " you cannot believe them all. But what has 
happened to your own kith and kin you are bound to believe ! Now, 
1*11 tell you something that happened to my father-in-law ; he was a 



262 An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 



most serious and credible man, so what he said you may depend 
upon was true. His name was Joe, and he lived at Skroperud in 
Ullensaker. He built himself a new house there, and he had two or 
three fat cows and a horse, the like of which was not to be found in 
the whole parish ; the horse was often used as post-horse between Mo 
and Trogstad, and Joe didn't seem to care much how the beast was 
used,  for fat he was and fat he remained. Joe was a hunter, and a 
fiddler as well. He was often about in the parish playing, but at home 
it was impossible to get him to touch the fiddle ; even if the room was 
full of lads and lasses he refused to play But one evening some 
lads from the neighbouring farm came to see him, and they brought 
some brandy with them in their pocket-flasks. They treated Joe, 
and when they had made him tipsy, more lads came in, and 
although he refused to play at first, eventually he took down the 
fiddle. But after he had played for some time he put it away, for 
he knew that the fairies were not far off, and that they didn't like 
the noise and disturbance. But the lads persuaded him to play 
again ; and thus it happened two or three times that he put the 
fiddle away, and that the lads coaxed him to play again. At last he 
hung his fiddle up on the wall, and swore he wouldn't play another 
stroke that night, and with that he turned them all out, lads and 
lasses I He was just going to bed, and was standing in his shirt- 
sleeves by the hearth lighting his pipe for the night with a brand, 
when a large party of old and young people came in and filled the 
whole room. 

" ' Now, are you there again ? ' said Joe. He thought at first 
they were the same as had been there dancing, but when he saw 
they were strangers he felt a little frightened, took his daughters, 
who were already in bed, and threw them out on the floor  he was 
a big strong man  and asked : ' What people are these ? Do you 
know them ? ' 

" The lasses were sleepy, and didn't know what to answer. So 
he took his gun down from the wall and turned round towards the 
people who had come in, and threatened them with the butt end of 
his rifle. ' If you don't get out of this quickly, I'll turn you out in 
such a way that you won't know whether you are standing on your 



An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen, 263 

heads or your heels ! ' Away they rushed, yelling out of the door, 
the one on top of the other, and he fancied they all looked like a 
lot of grey balls of worsted rolling out through the door. _ But 
when Joe had put his gun away and come over to the hearth to 
light his pipe again, he found an old man sitting on the stool by 
the fire,  he had such a long beard, that it reached down to his 
knees,  it must have been a yard long, and he also had a pipe, 
which he was trying to light with a fire-brand like Joe,  one 
moment it was alight and the next it went out. 

"'And you/ said Joe, Mo you belong to the same gang of 
tramps, yo u too ? Where do you come from ? ' 

" ' Oh, I don't live far away, I can tell you,' said the man, ' and I 
would advise you to take more care and not make such a noise and 
disturbance after this, or I'll make you a poor man/ 

" ' So/ said Joe, * where do you live then ? ' 

" ' I live close by, under the corn-drying room/ said the man ; 
' and if we hadn't been living there, it would have been gone long 
ago, for you have been firing over much now and then, and it has 
been hot enough there I can tell you ; but the whole building is 
not so strong, but that it'll fall in a heap if I touch it with my 
finger. Now you know it, so you had better mind after this ! ' 

" There was no more dancing and^playing to be heard at Skroperud 
after that ; Joe parted with his fiddle, and they could never get him 
to touch another since." 

During the latter part of this story, the squire had been making 
a commotion in the parlour ; cupboard doors were opened and 
shut ; we heard the keys rattle, and we knew he was busy locking 
up the silver plate and other portable property, from the silver 
tankard down to the leaden tobacco-box. Just as the smith had 
finished his story, the squire opened the door and popped in his 
head with his cap on one side. 

" So you are at your cock and bull stories and lies again ? " he 
asked. 

" Lies ? " said the smith very much offended, " I have never told 
lies, sir ! And this story is true enough, for I am married to one o 
the daughters. My wife, Dorthe, she was lying in bed and saw the 



f-i-f * r 



264 An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 

old man with the beard. These girls were a little queer, to be sure, 
almost half-witted, but that came from their having seen fairies/' he 
added, with an indignant look at the squire. 

"Half-witted?" said the squire, "yes, I should think so; and 
that 's what you are too, when you are not tipsy, and then you are 
raving mad. Come, boys !  Go to bed, and don't sit here and listen 
to such rubbish and nonsense." 

" I don't think that's kindly spoken on your part, sir," answered 
the smith, with an air of superiority ; " the last time I heard rubbish 
and nonsense spoken, was when you made the speech on the Neberg 
hill the last Anniversary of our Independence." 

" Confounded rubbish ! " muttered the squire, as he came trudging 
through the kitchen with the candle in one hand and a bundle of 
Acts and some newspapers under his arm. 

" Oh, wait a bit, sir," said the smith, evidently with the intention 
of teazing the squire, " and let the boys stay a little longer too. 
You might like to hear a trifle also. It doesn't do you good to be 
always reading in the law books either. I '11 tell you about a dra- 
goon who was married to a huldre. I know it's true, for I've heard it 
of old Bertha, and she's from the very parish where it happened." 

The squire banged the door after him angrily, and we heard him 
tramping up the stairs. 

" Well, well, since the squire won't listen, I'll tell it to you, my 
lads," said the smith, addressing the boys, on whom all grandfatherly 
authority was lost when the smith promised to tell tales. 

" Many years ago," he began, " there lived a wealthy old couple 
on a farm in Halland. They had a son, who was a dragoon, and a 
fine big fellow he was. They had a dairy up in the mountains, but 
it wasn't like the dairies you generally see, it was a nice and well- 
built dairy, with a regular chimney and roof and windows too. 
They stayed there all the summer, but when they left in the autumn, 
some woodcutters, or hunters, or fishermen, or such people who knock 
about in the mountains at that time, had noticed that the huldre 
people moved in there with the cattle. And amongst them was a 
lass, who was so lovely that they had never seen her like. 

" The son had often heard people speak of this, and one autumn 



An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 265 

when they had left the dairy he dressed himself in full uniform, put 
the dragoon-saddle on his horse, and the pistols in the holsters, and 
off he started. When he came in sight of the dairy, it was all 
ablaze with light, and he guessed then that the huldre people had 
come already. So he tied his horse to the stump of a pine-tree, 
took one of the pistols with him, and stole quietly up to the window 
and looked in. In the room sat an old man and an old woman, 
who were so crooked and so wrinkled with age, and so dreadfully 
ugly, that he had never seen anything so hideous in his life ; but 
then there was a lass who was so lovely that he thought he could 
not live if he did not make her his own. They had all cow's tails, 
the lovely lass as well. He could see that they had only lately 
arrived, for the room appeared to have been very lately put in 
order. The lass was busy washing the ugly old man, while the 
woman was lighting a fire under the big cheese-kettle on the 
hearth. 

" All of a sudden the dragoon pushed the door open, and fired 
his pistol right over the head of the lassie, which sent her rolling 
over on to the floor. But at the same moment she turned just as 
ugly as she had been beautiful before, and her nose grew as long 
as the pistol. 

" ' You can take her now ; she is yours now ! ' said the old man. 
But the dragoon was almost spell-bound ; he remained standing on 
the same spot and could not move a step either forwards or back- 
wards. The old man began to wash the lass, and she looked a little 
better after that, the nose decreased to about half the size, and the 
ugly cow's tail was tied up, but it would be a sin to say she was 
anything like pretty. 

" ' She is yours now, my brave dragoon ! Put her in front of you 
on the pommel of the saddle, and ride through the parish with her 
and celebrate your wedding. For us two, you can prepare some- 
thing in the small chamber in the wash-house, for we don't care to 
mix with the other wedding-guests/ said the old ugly one, who 
was the father of the lass; 'but when the loving cup is passing 
round you may as well look in on us.' 

u He dared not do otherwise ; he took the lassie with him on the 



--* -f-f 



266 An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 

pommel of the saddle and made preparations tor the wedding. 
But before they went to church, the bride asked one of the brides- 
maids to stand close behind, that no one should see the cow's tail 
fall off when the parson put his hand on her head. 

" So the wedding was celebrated, and when the loving cup was 
passing round, the bridegroom went across to the chamber, where 
a table had been laid for the old huldrefolks. He did not notice 
anything there that time, but when the guests had departed and he 
went in to see to the old folks again they were gone, but he found 
such a lot of gold and silver which they must have left behind, that 
he had never seen so much treasure before. 

" So everything went comfortably for a long time ; and whenever 
they had any friends with them, the wife got something ready for 
the old couple in the little chamber, who always left so much 
money behind them that the young people did not know what to 
do with it. But the huldre wife was u^ly and remained ugly, and 
the young husband began to get tired of her, and I believe he was 
unkind to her now and then, and even attempted to strike her. 

" One day late in the autumn he was going to town, but the early 
frost had set in and the roads were slippery, so he had to get his 
horse shod first. He went to the smithy,  for he was a clever 
smith himself,  but whichever way he twisted and turned the iron, 
the shoes were either too large or too small, and he could not get 
them to fit. He had only that horse at home on the farm, so he 
had no choice but to work away at the shoeing. But dinner 
time came, and the afternoon wore on, and still the horse was 
unshod. 

" ' Will you never get those shoes ready ?' asked his wife. ' You 
are not much of a husband of late, and I think you arc still less a 
smith. I see no help for it but to go myself to the smithy and shoe 
your horse. If I make the shoe too big you can make it smaller, 
and if I make it too small you can make it bigger/ She went into 
the smithy, and the first thing she did was to take the shoe in her 
hands and pull the iron out straight. 

"' Look here/ she said, 'this is the way you are to do it !' So 
she bent the shoe together as if it were of lead.  Now hold his 



An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 



267 



foot up,' she said, and the shoe fitted exactly ; the best smith 
could not have done it better. 

" ' You seem to be very strong in your fingers,' said her husband, 
as he looked at her. 




"'Do you think so?' she said. 'How do you think it would 
have fared with me, if you had been as strong in your fingers ? 
But I care for you too much to use my strength against yours.' 
" From that day he was most kind and good to her." 
"Well, I think we have had enough for to-night," said the 



263 



An Evening in the Squire's Kitchen. 



squire's wife, when the smith had finished this story, and got up 
from her comfortable seat. 

" Yes, I suppose we must be going, since the old man has gone 
to roost, " said the smith, and bade the children " Good night ; " 
but he had to promise them to tell more the next evening, having 
made the condition that he was to have a " quarter of tobacco." 

Next afternoon, when I went into the smithy, I found the smith 
chewing very hard, which was always the case when he had been 
drinking. 

In the evening he went to some of the neighbouring farms to 
get more drink. When I saw him again some days afterwards, he 
was gloomy and chary of words. He would not tell any stories, 
although the boys promised him both tobacco and brandy. The 
girls whispered, that the fairies had got hold of him and knocked 
him over in the Asmyr hill. A carter had found him lying there 
early in the morning, and then he spoke incoherenly. 



HANS, WHO MADE THE PRINCESS LAUGH. 



ONCE upon a time there was a king, who had a daughter, and she 
was so lovely that the reports of her beauty went far and wide ; but 
she was so melancholy, that she never laughed, and besides she was 
so grand and proud that she said " No " to all who came to woo 
her  she would not have any of them, were they ever so fine, whether 
they were princes or noblemen. 

The king was tired of this whim of hers long ago, and thought 
she ought to get married like other people ; there was nothing she 
need wait for,  she was old enough and she would not be any richer 
either, for she was to have half the kingdom, which she inherited 
after her mother. 

So he made known every Sunday after the service, from the steps 
outside the church, that he that could make his daughter laugh 
should have both her and half the kingdom. But if there were any 
one who tried and could not make her laugh, he would have three 
red stripes cut out of his back and salt rubbed into them  and, sad 
to relate, there were many sore backs in that kingdom. Lovers 
from south and from north, from east and from west came to try 
their luck  they thought it was an easy thing to make a princess 
laugh. They were a queer lot altogether, but for all their cleverness 
and for all the tricks and pranks they played, the princess was just 
as serious and immovable as ever. 

But close to the palace lived a man who had three sons, and they 
had also heard that the king had made known that he who could 
make the princess laugh should have her and half the kingdom. 

The eldest of the brothers wanted to try first, and away he went ; 



--'- f" 1M 



270 Hans, who made the Princess laugh. 

and when he came to the palace, he told the king he wouldn't mind 
trying to make the princess laugh. 

" Yes, yes ! that's all very well," said the king ; " but I am afraid 
it's of very little use, my man. There have been many here to try 
their luck, but my daughter is just as sad, and I am afraid it is 
no good trying. I do not like to see any more suffer on that 
account." 

But the lad thought he would try anyhow. It couldn't be such 
a difficult thing to make a princess laugh at him, for had not every- 
body, both grand and simple, laughed so many a time at him 
when he served as soldier and went through his drill under 
Sergeant Nils. 

So he went out on the terrace outside the princess's windows and 
began drilling just as if Sergeant Nils himself were there. But all 
in vain ! The princess sat just as serious and immovable as before, 
and so they took him and cut three broad, red stripes out of his 
back and sent him home. 

He had no sooner arrived home, than his second brother wanted 
to set out and try his luck. He was a schoolmaster, and a funny 
figure he was altogether. He had one leg shorter than the other, 
and limped terribly when he walked. One moment he was no 
bigger than a boy, but the next moment when he raised himself up 
on his long leg he was as big and tall as a giant  and besides he 
was great at preaching. 

When he came to the palace, and said that he wanted to make 
the princess laugh, the king thought that it was not so unlikely that 
be might ; " but I pity you, if you don't succeed," said the king, 
"for we cut the stripes broader and broader for every one that 
tries." 

So the schoolmaster went out on the terrace, and took his place 
outside the princess's window, where he began preaching and 
chanting, imitating seven of the parsons, and reading and singing 
just like seven of the clerks whom they had had in the parish. 

The king laughed at the schoolmaster till he was obliged to hold 
on to the door-post, and the princess was just on the point of 
smiling, but suddenly she was as sad and immovable as ever, and 



Hans, who made the Princess laugh. 271 

so it fared no better with Paul the schoolmaster than with Peter 
the soldier  for Peter and Paul were their names, you must know ! 

So they took Paul and cut three red stripes out of his back, put 
salt into them, and sent him home again. 

Well, the youngest brother thought he would have a try next. 
H's name was Hans. But the brothers laughed and made fun of 
him, and showed him their sore backs. Besides, the father would 
not give him leave to go, for he said it was no use his trying, who 
had so little sense ; all he could do was to sit in a corner on the 
hearth, like a cat, rooting about in the ashes and cutting chips. 
But Hans would not give in  he begged and prayed so long, till 
they got tired of his whimpering, and so he got leave to go to the 
king's palace and try his luck. 

When he arrived at the palace, he did not say he had come to 
try to make the princess laugh, but asked if he could get a situa- 
tion there. No, they had no situation for him ; but Hans was not 
so easily put off ; they might want one to carry wood and water 
for the kitchen maid in such a big place as that, he said. Yes, the 
king thought so too, and to get rid of the lad he gave him leave to 
remain there and carry wood and water for the kitchenmaid. 

One day, when he was going to fetch water from the brook, he 
saw a big fish in the water just under an old root of a fir-tree, 
which the current had carried all the soil away from. He put his 
bucket quietly under the fish and caught it. As he was going 
home to the palace, he met an old woman leading a golden goose. 

" Good day, grandmother ! " said Hans. " That's a fine bird you 
have got there ; and such splendid feathers too ! he shines a long 
way off. If one had such feathers, one needn't be chopping 
firewood." 

The woman thought just as much of the fish which Hans had in 
the bucket, and said if Hans would give her the fish he should 
have the golden goose ; and this goose was such, that if any one 
touched it he would be sticking fast to it if he only said : " If 
you'll come along, then hang on." 

Yes, Hans would willingly exchange on those terms. " A bird 
is as good as a fish any day," he said to himself. " If it is as you 



272 Hans, who made the Princess laugh. 



say, I might use it instead of a fish-hook," he said to the woman, 
and felt greatly pleased with the possession of the goose. 

He had not gone far before he met another old woman. When 
she saw the splendid golden goose, she must go and stroke it She 
made herself so friendly and spoke so nicely to Hans, and asked 
him to let her stroke that lovely golden goose of his. 

 Oh, yes ! " said Hans, " but you Tnus'n't pluck off any of its 
feathers ! " 

Just as she stroked the bird, Hans said : " If you'll come along, 
then hang on ! " 

The woman pulled and tore, but she had to hang on, whether 
she would or no, and Hans walked on, as if he only had the goose 
with him. 

When he had gone some distance, he met a man who had a 
spite against the woman for a trick she had played upon him. 
When he saw that she fought so hard to get free and seemed to 
hang on so fast, he thought he might safely venture to pay her off 
for the grudge he owed her, and so he gave her a kick. 

" If you'll come along, then hang on ! " said Hans, and the man 
had to hang on and limp along on one leg, whether he would or 
no ; and when he tried to tear himself loose, he made it still worse 
for hfmself, for he was very nearly falling on his back whenever he 
struggled to get free. 

So on they went till they came in the neighbourhood of the 
palace. There they met the king's smith ; he was on his way to 
the smithy, and had a large pair of tongs in his hand. This smith 
-was a merry fellow, and was always full of mad pranks and tricks, 
and when he saw this procession coming jumping and limping 
along, he began laughing till he was bent in two, but suddenly 

he said : 

"This must be a new flock of geese for the princess; but 
who can tell which is goose and which is gander? I suppose 
it must be the gander toddling on in front. Goosey, goosey!" 
he called, and pretended to be strewing corn out of his hands as 
when feeding geese. 

But they did not stop. The woman and the man only 



*.  



 



 



Hans, who made the Princess laugh. 275 

-~      

looked in great rage at the smith for making game of them. 
So said the smith : " It would be great fun to see if I could 
stop the whole flock, many as they are!"  He was a strong 
man, and seized the old man with his tongs from behind in 
his trousers, and the man shouted and struggled hard, but 
Hans said : 

" If you'll come along, then hang on ! " 

And so the smith had to hang on too. He bent his back 
and stuck his heels in the ground when they went up a hill and 
tried to get away, but it was of no use ; he stuck on to the 
other as if he had been screwed fast in the great vice in the 
smithy, and whether he liked it or not, he had to dance along 
with the others. 

When they came near the palace, the farm-dog ran against them 
and barked at them, as if they were a gang of tramps, and when 
the princess came to look out of her window to see what was the 
matter, and saw this procession, she burst out laughing. But 
Hans was not satisfied with that. " Just wait a bit, and she will 
laugh still louder very soon," he said, and made a tour round the 
palace with his followers. 

When they came past the kitchen, the door was open and the 
cook was just boiling porridge, but when she saw Hans and his 
train after him, she rushed out of the door with the porridge- 
stick in one hand and a big ladle full of boiling porridge in the 
other, and she laughed till her sides shook ; but when she saw 
the smith there as well she thought she would have burst with 
laughter. When she had f had a regular good laugh, she looked 
at the golden goose again 2nd thought it was so lovely that she 
must stroke it. 

" Hans, Hans ! " she cried, and ran after him with the ladle in her 
hand ; "just let me stroke that lovely bird of yours." 

" Rather let her stroke me ! " said the smith. 

"Very well," said Hans. 

But when the cook heard this, she got very angry. "What 
is it you say ! " she cried, and gave the smith a smack with 
the ladle.. ., j 

T 2 



276 



Hans, who made the Princess laugh. 



" If you'll come along, then hang on !" said Hans, and so she 
stuck fast to the others too, and for all her scolding and all her 
tearing and pulling, she had to limp along with them. 

And when they came past the princess's window again, she was 
still there waiting for them, but when she saw that they had got 
hold of the cook too, with the ladle and porridge-stick, she laughed 
till the king had to hold her up. So Hans got the princess and 
half the kingdom, and they had a wedding which was heard of far 
and wide. 




A SUMMER NIGHT IN A NORWEGIAN 
FOREST. 



The evening shadows now unfold 

Their curtain o'er the lonely wold ; 

The night wind sighs with dreary moan, 

And whispers over stock and stone. 

Tramp, Tramp ! the troll* come trooping, hark I 

Across the moor to the deep woods dark. 

Geijer. 

When I was a boy about fourteen years old I came one Satur- 
day afternoon in the middle of the summer to Upper Lyse, the 
last farm in Sorkedale. I had frequently walked or driven over 
the main road between Christiania and Ringerike, and I had now, 
after having been at home on a short visit, taken the road past 
15 ok s tad to Lyse for a change, with the intention of making a short 
cut through the north part of the Krog-wood. 

I found all the doors of the farmhouse wide open, but I looked 
in vain in the parlour, in the kitchen, and in the barn, for a human 
being whom I could ask for a drink and who could give me some 
direction about the road. 



278 A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 

There was no one at home but a black cat, who was sitting quite 
content and purring on the hearth, and a dazzling white cock, who 
was walking up and down the passage breasting himself and crowing 
incessantly, as much as to say : lt Now I am the cock of the walk ! " 
The swallows, which had been tempted here in great numbers on 
account of the quantity of insects to be found in proximity to the 
wood, and had established themselves in the barn and under the 
eaves, were gambolling, circling, and twittering fearlessly about in 
the sunshine. 

Tired with the heat and my walk, I threw myself down on the 
grass in the shadow of the house, where I lay half-asleep enjoying 
a quiet rest, when I was startled by an unpleasant clamour,  the 
jarring voice of a woman, who was trying by alternately scolding 
and using pet names to pacify a litter of grunting pigs on the farm. 
By following the sound I came upon a bare-footed old woman with 
a yellow dried-up countenance, who was bending down over the 
pigs' trough, busy filling it with food, for which the noisy little 
creatures were fighting, tearing, pushing, and yelling, with expec- 
tation and delight. 

On my questioning her about the road, she answered me by 
asking me another question, while she, without raising herself up, 
turned her head half away from her pets to stare at me. 

" Where might you come from ? " 

When she had got a satisfactory answer to this, she continued, 
while she repeatedly addressed herself to the young pigs : 

"Ah, so!  you arc at school at the parson's, eh ! hush, hush! 

little piggies then 1 The road to Stubdale, do you say ? 

Just look at that one now ! Will you let the others get something 
as well, you rascal ! Hush, hush ! Be quiet, will you ! Oh, poor 

fellow, did I kick you then ? Yes, yes, I'll tell you the road 

directly,  it's  it's straight on through the wood till you come to 
the big water-wheel ! " 

As this direction seemed to me to be rather vague for a road of 
about fourteen miles length through a forest, I asked her if I could 
not hire a lad who knew the road, to go with me. 

"No, bless you! Is it likely?" she said, as she left the 



A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 279 

piggery and came out on the slope before the farm. " They are 
so busy now with the haymaking, that they've scarcely time to eat. 
But it's straight through the wood, and I'll explain it to you right 
enough, as if you saw the road before you. First you go up the 
crag and all the hills over yonder, and when you have got up on the 
heights, you have the straight road right before you to Heggelie 
You have the river on your left hand all the way, and if you don't 
see it, you'll hear it. But just about Heggelie there is a lot of 
twistings and turnings, and now and then the road is lost altogether 
for some distance  if one is a stranger there, it's not an easy thing 
to find one's way, but you are sure to find it as far as Heggelie, for 
that's close to the lake. Afterwards you go along the lake, till you 
come to the dam across a small tarn, just like a bridge, as they call 
it ; bear away to the left there, and then turn off to the right, and 
you have the road straight before you to Stubdale in Aasa." 

Although this direction was not quite satisfactory, particularly as 
it was the first time I had started on an excursion off the mainroad, 
I set out confidently and soon all hesitation vanished. From the 
heights a view was now and then obtained between the lofty pine 
and fir-trees of the valley below with its smiling fields and varie- 
gated woods of birch and alder trees, between which the river 
wound like a narrow silvery streak. The red-painted farm-houses, 
peculiar to Norway, lay picturesquely scattered on the higher points 
of the undulating valley, where men and women were busy hay- 
making. From some chimneys rose columns of blue smoke, which 
appeared quite light against the dark background of thickly studded 
pine forests on the mountain slopes. 

Over the whole landscape lay a repose and a peace so perfect 
that no one could have suspected the close proximity of the capital. 
When I had advanced some distance into the forest, I heard the 
notes of the bugle and the distant baying of hounds in full cry, 
which gradually ceased, till nothing but a faint echo of the bugle 
reached my ear. I now heard the roar of the river, which rushed 
wildly past at some distance on my left, but as I advanced the 
road seemed gradually to approach it, and soon the valley in some 
parts grew narrower and narrower, till I at last found myself at the 



2So A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 

bottom of a deep, gloomy gorge, the greatest part of which was 
taken up by the river. But the road left the river again ; there 
were certainly twistings and turnings, as the old woman had said, 
for at one moment it wound hither and the next thither, and at 
some places it was almost imperceptible. Now it went up a steep 
incline, and when I had passed the brow of the hill, I saw between 
the fir-trees a couple of twinkling tarns before me, and on the margin 
of one of these a dairy on a verdant slope, bathed in the golden 
light of the evening sun. In the shady retreat under the hill grew 
clusters of luxuriant ferns ; the wild French willow stood proudly with 
its lofty crest of red and gorgeous flowers between the pebbles, but 
the sedate monk's hood lifted its head still higher and looked 
gloomily and wickedly down on it, while it nodded and kept time 
to the cuckoo's song, as if it were counting how many days it had 
to live. On the verdant slope and down by the edge of the water, 
the bird-cherry and the mountain ash displayed their flowery garb 
of summer. They sent a pleasant and refreshing fragrance far 
around, and shook sorrowfully the leaves of their white flowers over 
the reflected picture of the landscape in the mirror of the lake, 
which on all sides was surrounded by pine trees and mossy cliffs. 

There was no one at home in the dairy. All doors were locked, 
 I knocked everywhere, but no answer,  no information as to 
the road. I sat down on a rock and waited 'a while, but no one 
appeared. The evening was setting in; I thought I could not stay 
there any longer, and started again. It was still darker in the 
forest, but shortly I came to a timber-dam across a bit of river 
between two tarns. I supposed this was the place where I " should 
bear off first to the left, and then to the right." I went across, but 
on the other side of the dam there were only  as it appeared to me 
 flat, smooth, damp rocks and no trace of a road ; on the opposite 
side, the right side of the dam, there was a well-trodden path. I 
examined both sides several times, and although it appeared to be 
contrary to the direction I had received, I decided on choosing the 
broader road or path, which was continued on the right hand side 
of the water. As long as it followed the course of the dark tarn, 
the road was good and passable, but s u ^^ o ly it turned off in a 



A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 281 

direction which, according to my ideas, was the very opposite of the 
one I should take, and lost itself in a confused net of paths and 
cattle-tracks amid the darkness of the forest. Inexpressibly tired 
of this anxious intricate search I threw myself down on the soft 
moss to rest for a while, but the fatigue conquered the fears of the 
lonely forest, and I cannot now tell how long I dozed. On hearing 
a wild cry, the echo of which still resounded in my ears when I 
awoke, I jumped to my feet. I felt comforted by the song of the 
redbreast, and I thought I felt less lonely and deserted as long as 
I heard the merry notes of the thrush. 

The sky was overcast and the darkness of the forest had in- 
creased considerably. A fine rain was falling, which imparted 
renewed life to the plants and trees and filled the air with a fresh, 
aromatic fragrance ; it also seemed to call to life all the nocturnal 
sounds and notes of the forest. Among the tops of the fir-trees 
above me, I heard a hollow, metallic sound, like the croaking 
of the frog and a penetrating whistling and piping. Round 
about me was a buzzing sound, as if from a hundred spinning- 
wheels, but the most terrible of all these sounds was, that 
they at one time seemed close to your ear, and in another 
moment far away ; now they were interrupted by frolicsome, wild 
cries and a flapping of wings,  now by distant cries of distress, 
on which a sudden silence followed again. I was seized by an 
indescribable fear ; these sounds sent a chill through me, and my 
terror was increased by the darkness between the trees, where all 
objects appeared distorted, moving and alive, stretching forth 
thousands of hands and arms after the stray wanderer. All the 
fairy tales of my childhood were conjured up before my startled 
imagination, and appeared to be realised in the forms which sur- 
rounded me ; I saw the whole forest filled with trolls, elves, and 
sporting dwarfs. In thoughtless and breathless fear I rushed 
forward to avoid this host of demons, but while flying thus still 
more frightful and distorted shapes appeared,  and I fancied I felt 
their hands clutching me. Suddenly I heard the heavy tread of 
some one, who moved over the crackling branches of the underwood. 
I saw, or fancied I saw, a dark shape, which approached me with 



282 A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 

a pair of eyes shining like glowing stars. My hair stood on an 
end ; I believed my fate was inevitably sealed, and shouted almost 
unconsciously as if to give myself new courage : 

"If there's anybody there, tell me the way to Stubdale!" 
A deep growl was the answer I received, and the bear, for such it 
was, walked quickly away in the same direction whence he had 
come. I stood for some time and listened to his heavy steps and 
the crackling of the branches under his feet. I mumbled to 
myself: " I wish it was daylight and that I had a gun with me, 
and you should have had a bullet, Master Bruin, for frighten' 
me thus ! " 

With this wish and childish threat all fear and thoughts of 
danger vanished, and I walked on again quite composed, on the 
soft mossy ground. There was now no sign of either road or path; 
but it grew lighter between the trees in front of me, the forest 
became more open, and I found myself on the slope leading down 
to the shores of a large lake, surrounded on all sides by pine 
forests, which on the distant shores vanished under the misty veil 
of the night. 

By the red glimmering of the northern sky, which was reflected 
in the dark surface of the lake, over which the bats fluttered and 
circled, while large birds higher up in the air shot swiftly across 
with that croaking and penetrating whistle which not long ago had 
appeared so terrible to me, I found I had gone in a north-easterly 
direction instead of to the west. 

While I was meditating whether I should remain here till the 
sun rose, or try to find my way back to the dam, I discovered to 
my inexpressible joy on this side of the lake a glimpse of a fire 
between the trees. I ran towards it, but I soon discovered that it 
was farther off than it at first appeared to be, because, after having 
walked about a mile, I found myself still separated from it by a 
deep valley. 

When after considerable trouble I had forced my way through 
the chaos of fallen trees, which the wind had torn up in this 
exposed wild region, and had ascended the other steep hill-side, I 
had still a good distance to walk across an open wooded heath, 



A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 285 



where the firs stood in rows like lofty pillars and where the ground 
resounded under my steps. 

On the outskirt of this wood trickled a small brook, where the 
alder and the pine trees again sought to maintain their place, and 
on a small plot on the slope on the other side of a brook burned a 
great log-fire, which threw its red light far in between the trees. 
In front of the fire sat a dark figure, which, on account of its position 
between me and the blazing fire, appeared to me to be of super- 
natural proportions. The old stories about robbers and thieves in 
this forest came suddenly back to me, and I was on the point of 
running away when my eyes caught sight of a hut, made out of 
fir-branches, close to the fire, and two other men. who sat outside 
it, and the many axes, which were fixed into the stump of a 
felled tree, and it became evident to me that they were wood- 
cutters. 

The dark figure, an old man, was speaking,  I saw him move 
his lips ; he held a short pipe in his hand, which he only put to his 
mouth now and then to keep it alight by these occasional pulls. 
When I approached the group, the story had either come to an end 
or he had been interrupted, he stooped forward, put some glowing 
embers in his pipe, smoked incessantly and appeared to be atten- 
tively listening to what a fourth person, who had just arrived, had 
to say. This person, who apparently also belonged to the party, 
was carrying a bucket of water from the brook. His hair was red, 
and he was dressed in a long jersey jacket, and had more the ap- 
pearance of a tramp than a wood-cutter. He looked as if he had 
been frightened by something or other. 

The old man had now turned round towards him, and as I had 
crossed the brook and was approaching the party from the side, I 
could now see the old man plainly in the full glare of the fire. He 
was a short man with a long hooked nose. A blue skull-cap with 
a red border scarcely covered his head of bristly grey hair, and a 
short-bodied but long Ringerike coat of dark grey frieze with worn 
velvet borders served to make the roundness and crookedness of 
his back still more conspicuous. 

The new-comer appeared to be speaking about a bear. 



'! ff 



286 A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 

    *    . 

"Well, who would believe it?" said the old man, "what did he 
want there ? It must have been some other noise you heard, for 
there doesn't grow anything on the dry heath hereabout which he 
would be after. No, not Bruin, not he," he added ; " I almost think 
you are telling lies, Peter ! There's an old saying, that red hair 
and firs don't thrive in good soil," he contihued half aloud. " If 
it had been down in the bear's den or in Stygdale, where Knut and 
I both heard him and saw him the other day  but here ?  No, no ! 
he doesn't come so near the fire, he doesn't! You have been 
frightening yourself!" 

" Frightening myself? Oh, dear no ! Didn't I hear him moving 
and crushing through the underwood, my canny Thor Lerberg ? n 
answered the other, somewhat offended and chagrined at the old 
man's doubts and taunts. 

" Well, well, my boy," continued Thor in his former tone, " I 
suppose it was something bigger than a squirrel anyhow I" 

I now stepped forward, and said it must have been me that he 
had heard, and told them how I had lost my way, and the fright I 
had undergone, and how hungry and tired I was. I asked where- 
abouts I was now, and if one of them would show me the way to 
Stubdile. 

My appearance created considerable surprise to the party, which 
however was not so much apparent in their words, as in the atten- 
tion with which they regarded me and heard my story. The old 
man, whose name I had heard was Thor Lerberg, seemed particu- 
larly interested in it ; and as it appeared that he was accustomed to 
thinking aloud, I could, on hearing some of the remarks which 
he now and then mumbled to himself, participate in his reflections, 
thus : 

" No, no, that was the wrong way !  He should have gone over 
the dam there  Stubdale way  he went wrong altogether  he is 
too young  he isn't used to the woods  ah, that was the woodcock 
 and the goatsucker  yes, yes ! it sounds strange to him, that 
hasn't heard him  oh, yes ! the loon does shriek dreadfully  par- 
ticularly when there's fine rain  ah, ah ! yes, that must have been 
the bear he met  he is a brave boy after all ! " 



A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 287 



" Yes ! " I said boldly, and gave vent to my awakening youthful 
courage in about the same words as the man who once came across 
a bear asleep on a sunny hill side : * If it had been daylight, and if 
I had been a hunter and had a loaded gun with me, and if I could 
have made it go off, why, by my faith, the bear should have lain 
dead on the spot, he should." 

" Yes, of course, hah, hah, hah ! " laughed old Thor, and chuckled 
till the others joined in the laughter ; " of course he would have lain 
dead on the spot,  that's plain ! hah, hah, hah !" 

" But you are now by Storflaaten, the biggest lake in the forest 
here," he said, addressing himself to me, when I had finished my 
story ; " towards morning we'll help you on your way, for we have 
got a boat, and when you have got across the water you haven't 
far to go to Stubdale then. But I suppose you would like to rest 
yourself a little now, and get something to eat ! I have nothing 
but some peas-pudding and rancid bacon, and may be you are not 
used to that kind of food ; but if you are hungry, perhaps you 
would like some fish ? I have been out fishing, and fine fish I got 
too,  yes, in the lake I mean ! " 

I thanked him for his offer, and he told one of his companions to 
take a " regular good 'un " off the string and roast it in the glowing 
embers of the fire. 

In the meantime the old man asked a number of questions about 
myself, and by the time I had answered all these the fish was 
ready, and I began my meal with great appetite. He now asked 
one of his companions to tell us something about what he once said 
had happened to his father, when he was out cutting timber. 

"Well, that's very soon told," answered the lad, a strapping 
young fellow of a smart, undaunted appearance, and not much 
over the twenties. " Father was then working for the squire in 
Ask, and was cutting timber up in the squire's forest ; he used to 
sleep at a cottage further down the valley, at Helge Myra's place, 
 you knew Helge, didn't you Thor ?  Well, one day he had been 
taking too long a nap after dinner,  such a heavy sleep came over 
him,  and when he awoke the sun was already setting behind the 
hills. But he would finish his day's work before he left off, and he 



- 1- f -r  



288 A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 

began cutting away till the splinters flew about him in all directions, 
but it grew darker and darker ; there was still a small pine left, 
which he was determined to have down, but no sooner had he given 
it the first cut, than the axe head flew off the handle. He set about 
looking for it and found it at last in a hollow. But suddenly he 
thought he heard some one calling him by name ; he could not 
make out who it could be, for Helge Myra could not have any 
business thereabouts, and no one else lived there for miles around. 
He listened again, but did not hear anything, so he thought he 
might have been mistaken. He began cutting again, but all at 
once the axe-head flew off the handle again. He found it this time 
also after a long search, but when he was going to cut the tree on 
the north side of its stem, he heard plainly a voice shouting in the 
mountain : 

" ' Halvor, Halvor ! Early you come and late you go/ * but as 

soon as I heard that/ said my father, ' I felt as if I had lost the use 
of my legs and I could scarcely get the axe out of the stem of the 
pine tree, but when I did take to my legs I didn't stop until I came 
to Helge's cottage.' " 

"Yes, I have heard that story before," said old Thor, "but that 
wasn't the one I meant ; it was about the time he was at the 
wedding at the dairy on Kile hill." 

" Oh, that time ! " answered the indefatigable lad ; " that was in 
the spring, just before Easter 1815, when father lived at Oppen- 
Eie  the snow wasn't gone yet, but he had to set out for the forest 
to cut and drag home some wood. He went up in the Helling hill, 
where he found a withered fir, which he commenced cutting down 
at once. While cutting away at it, he thought he saw withered firs 
all around him, but while he was staring and wondering at this, up 
came a procession of eleven horses,  all of a mouse-grey colour ; 
it appeared to him to be a wedding-party. 

"What people are these, who are coming this way over the 
hill ? " he asked. 

"Oh, we are from Osthalla," says one of them, "we are going 
to the Veien dairy to keep the wedding ; the one who drives in 
front is the parson, next are the bride and bridegroom, and I am 









tHBv^* ^^H H' 
















%  h^ 




Kxms^ 


IflBBBIiflHH 





-'f!M 



A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 291 

his father-in-law. You had better stand behind on my sledge and 
come along/ 

" When they had travelled some distance, the father-in-law said : 
' Will you take these two bags with you and go to the Veien farm 
and get two barrels of potatoes in them by the time we go home ? ' 

" My father promised to do this. They came soon to a place 
which he thought he knew, and so it was. It was just north 
of the Kill hill, where the old dairy stood ; but there was no dairy 
there then, but a great fine building, and here they all entered. 
Some one met them on the steps to give the guests a glass of 
welcome, and they gave father a glass also, but he said, ' No, 
thanks ! ' he would not have anything he said, for he had only his old 
clothes on, and would not intrude on such fine folks. ' Never mind 
this man/ said one of them, ' take a horse and see him on his 
way home/ which they did ; they put him in a sledge with a 
mouse-grey horse before it, and one of them sat up and drove the 
horse. When they got as far as the little valley north of Copen- 
hagen  where the land-slip took place  he thought he sat between 
the ears of a bucket ; but shortly this vanished also, and it was only 
then he really came to himself again. He began looking for his 
axe, and found it sticking in the same withered fir-tree he had 
begun to cut down. When he came home, he was so confused and 
queer, that he could not tell now many days he had been away ; 
but he was only away from the morning to the evening,  and for 
some time afterwards he was not himself " 

"Yes, many a queer thing happens hereabout" said old Thor ; 
" and I for my part have also seen a little  well, witchcraft I mean, 
 and if you like to sit up a little longer, I'll tell you what has 
happened to me,  in this here forest, I mean." 

Yes, they would all like to hear it ;  to-morrow was Sunday, and 
it didn't much matter if they went to bed late. 

" Well, it might be about ten or twelve years ago/' he answered, " I 
was burning charcoal over in the Kampenhaug forest. In the winter 
I had two horses there to cart the coals to the B serum works. One 
day I happened to stop too long at the works, for I met some old 
friends from Ringerike there, and we had a good talk about one 

U 2 



292 A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 

thing or another, and a little drop to drink too,  yes, brandy I 
mean  and so I did not come back to the kiln before ten o'clock in 
the evening. I made a fire, so I could see loading the sledges, 
for it was terribly dark, and I had to get the carts loaded in the 
evening, for I had to be off at three o'clock next morning, if I was 
to get to the works and back again the same day while it was light,  
back to the kiln I mean. When I had got the fire to burn up, I 
began loading the sledges. But just as I was turning round to the 
fire again a drift of snow came sweeping down upon it and put it 
out entirely,  the fire I mean. So I thought to myself : ' Why, 
bless me, the old witch in the hill here is vexed to-night, because I 
come home so late and disturb her.' I struck a light and made a 
new fire. But, strange to say, the shovel would not drop all the coals 
into the basket,  more than half went over the sides. At last I 
got the sledges loaded, and I was going to put the ropes round 
them, but will you believe me, every one of tliem broke, the one 
after the other,  the ropes I mean. So I had to get new ropes, 
and at last got the sledges ready, gave the horses their fodder, and 
went to bed. But do you think I awoke at three ? No, not till 
long after the sun had risen, and still I felt heavy and queer, both 
in my head and my body. Well, I had something to eat and went 
then to look to the horses, but the shed was empty and the horses 
were gone. I got rather out of temper at this, and I am afraid I 
swore a little into the bargain, but I thought I had better try 
and find some tracks of them. During the night there had fallen a 
little fresh snow, and I could see they had not gone off in the 
direction of the valley or the works. I found, however, the track 
of two horses and of a couple of broad large feet in a northerly 
direction ; I followed these for two or three miles, when the tracks 
parted, and the foot-marks vanished altogether, one horse "had gone to 
the east, and the other to the west, and after following up one first for 
five or six miles, I came upon him at last I had to take him home 
to the hut and tie him up, before I could start looking for the other 
horse. By the time I got hold of him it was near upon noon, and so 
there was no use going to the works that day. But I promised I should 
never disturb the old witch any more,  in the evening I mean. 



A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 293 

" But these promises are strange things sometimes,  if you keep a 
promise to Christmas you are pretty sure to break it before next 
Michaelmas. The year after I made a trip to Christiania late in 
the autumn,  the roads were in a fearful bad condition and it was 
already very late in the afternoon before I left town, but I wanted 
to get home that night I was on horseback and took the road by 
Bokstad, which is the shortest, as you know,  to Ausfjerdingen 
I mean. The weather was wet and ugly, and it was beginning to 
grow dark when I started. But when I came over the bridge by 
Heggelie I saw a man coming towards me,  he wasn't very tall, but 
terribly big ; he was as broad as a barn-door across his shoulders, and 
his hands were nearly a foot across the knuckles. He carried a leather 
bag in one hand, and seemed to be talking to himself. When I came 
nearer to him, his eyes glistened like burning cinders, and they 
were as big as saucers. His hair stood out like bristles, and his 
beard was no better ; I thought he was a terrible, ugly brute, and 
I prayed for myself the little I could, and just as 1 came to the 
end, down he sank,  in the ground I mean. 

" I rode on, humming an old psalm, but suddenly I met him again 
coming down a hill ; his eyes and his hair and beard too sparkled 
with fire this time. I began praying again, and had no sooner 
finished than he was gone. But I had scarcely ridden a mile, before 
I met him once more as I was crossing a small bridge. His eyes 
flashed like lightning and sparks flew out of his hair and beard, 
and so he shook his bag, till you could see blue and yellow and red 
tongues of fire shooting out of it. But then I lost my temper right 
out, and instead of praying I swore at him, and he vanished on the 
spot. But as I rode on, I began to be afraid that I should meet 
this brute again, so when I came to Lovlie I knocked at the door, 
and asked for lodgings till daylight, but do you think they would 
let me in ? No. I could travel by day, like other folks, they said, 
and then I needn't ask for lodgings !  So I guessed the old brute 
had been there before me and frightened them, and I had to set out 
again. But then I started another old psalm, till the mountains rang 
with it, and I came at last safe to Stubdale, where I got lodgings  
but it was almost morning then." 



294 



A Summer Night in a Norwegian Forest. 



The manner m which be told these stories was, like his speech, 
slow and expressive, and he had the custom of repeating single 
words, or part of his sentences at the end of these, or adding one or 
another superfluous explanation. He generally applied these remarks 
after one of his many exertions to keep his pipe alight and they 
had such a comical effect on me, that I had great difficulty to 
refrain from laughing outright I was in a merry mood after having 
safely got through my nocturnal expedition, and to this I must 
ascribe the fact that his stories did not make the impression upon 
me which, after what I bad gone through, might have been 
expected. 

The dawn of the day was now appearing, and old Thor told one 
of his companions to row me across the lake, and put me on my 
right road. 





the Witch. 



On a hill, some distance from the main road in the middle of 
Gudbrandsdale, some years ago stood a cottage. Perhaps it is 
there still. It was mild April weather,  the snow was melting, the 
brooks rushed wildly down the mountain sides, the fields were 
nearly bare, the thrushes were scolding each other in the woods, all 
the groves resounded with the twittering of birds,  in short there 
was every sign of an early spring. 

In the mighty birch tree and lofty mountain ash, which stretched 
out their naked branches over the roof of the cottage in the glittering 
sunlight, some busy tomtits whisked about, while a chaffinch, who 
had perched himself in the top of the birch tree, sung out at the top 
of his voice. 



-  - - f- f 



296 



The Witch. 



Inside in the smoky room with the raftered ceiling, it was dark 
and dismal. A middle-aged peasant woman of a very common and 
unintellectual appearance was busy blowing into a blaze some 
branches and sticks of wood under the coffee-kettle on the open 
hearth. Having at last succeeded in this, she raised herself up, 
rubbed the smoke and the ashes out of her smarting eyes, and 

said : 

" People say there's no use in this lead-melting,  for the child 

hasn't got the wasting sickness ; they say it's a changeling. There 
was a fell-maker here the other day and he said the same, for when 
he was a youngster, he had seen a changeling in Ringerike some- 
where, and that one was as soft in its body and as loose about its 
joints as this one." 

While she spoke, her simple face had assumed an expression of 
anxiety, which showed what impression the fell-maker's words had 
made upon her superstitious mind. 

She addressed her words to a big bony woman, whose age might 
be about sixty. She was unusually tall, but when she was sitting, 
she appeared to be of low stature, and this peculiarity she had to 
thank for the nickname of* Longlegs," which the people had added 
to her name of Gubjor. In the gang of tramps with whom she 
used to roam about, she had other names. Grey hairs straggled 
out from under her head-gear, which surrounded a dark face with 
bushy eyebrows and a long knotted nose. The original unintel- 
lectual expression of her face, which was clearly indicated by a low- 
forehead and great breadth between the cheekbones, contrasted 
greatly with the unmistakable cunning in her small sparkling 
eyes. Her dress betokened her as a straggler from some northern 
district; her whole appearance denoted that if she were not a 
witch, she was at least a tramp, who would be now impudent and 
^ audacious, now humble and cringing, according to circumstances. 

J While the peasant woman was speaking and attending to the 

t coffee-kettle, Gubjor was keeping in motion a hanging cradle in 

6 which lay a child of a sickly appearance, by giving it now and then 

La push with her hand. She replied to the peasant woman in a calm 
tona of superiority, although her sparkling eyes and the quivering 



The Witch. 297 



muscles round her mouth showed that she was not satisfied with 
the statement of the fell-maker. 

" Folks will talk so much about things they don't understand, my 
dear Mark/' she said ; " they talk fast and loose, and, as for the fell- 
maker, he may understand sheep's skin well enough, but sickness 
and changelings he knows nothing about, I say and maintain !  
I should think* I ought to know something about changelings, for I 
have seen enough of them. That changeling he spoke about must 
have been Brit's from Froen, for I recollect she'had a changeling ; 
she got it soon after she was married,  she had a very good and 
nice child, but it was changed for a troll's brat as ill-tempered 
and unruly as if it belonged to the fiend himself. He would never 
speak a word,  only eat and cry, and she hadn't the heart to strike 
it or illtreat the youngster either ; but somebody taught her a 
charm to make him speak, and then she found out what kind of 
a brat he really was. She got hold of him one day and began to 
thrash him soundly and called him all sorts of names, when 
suddenly the door flew open and somebody,  whom of course she 
couldn't see,  rushed into the room, tore the changeling away from 
her, and threw her own child on to the floor with such violence 
that it began to cry.  Or perhaps it was the changeling that Siri 
Stromhugget had ? That was an old-fashioned, dricd-up youngster, 
and I don't think he had any joints at all,  but he was no more 
like your child here than this old cap of mine I 1 recollect her 
youngster well enough too. I served at the parish clerk's at that 
time, when I saw it more than once, and I also recollect how she 
got rid of it. There was a great deal of talk about it at the time, 
for Siri, as you know, came from this parish. When she was quite 
young, she served at Kvam ; after that she moved to Stromhugget, 
where she was married to Ola,  the son there. Soon after her 
first child was born, a strange woman came into the room and took 
the child from the bed and put another in its place. Siri, who was 
ill in bed, tried to get up and get her child back,  she struggled 
with all her might, but she could not move from the spot,  she 
was spell-bound and quite powerless. She was going to call her 
aunt, who was in the next room, but she could not open her 



298 The Witch. 



mouth, and she was just as frightened as if they had been going 
to take her life. It was easy enough to see that the child was 
a changeling, for it wasn't like other children at all  it screamed 
and cried, as if a knife stuck in it, and it wheezed and hit about 
with its arms like a huldre-cat, and was as ugly as sin. It was 
always eating, and poor Siri didn't for the life of her know how to 
get rid of it. But at last she heard of a woman who knew 
something about these things, and she told her to take the 
youngster and flog him with a proper rod three Thursday evenings 
in succession.  Yes, she did so, and the third Thursday evening a 
woman came flying over the barn-roof, and threw a child away 
from her and took up the changeling. But as she rushed off she 
struck Siri across the fingers; and she carries the marks to this day, 
and I have seen them with my own eyes," added Gubjor, as a 
further proof of the truth of her story. " No, this child is no more 
a changeling than I am ; and how could it happen, that they could 
change yours after all the trouble you have taken to prevent it ? n 
she asked. 

" Well, no! that's what I cannot make out either," said the mother 
quite innocently, "for I've had castor in the cradle,  I have crossed 
him, and I put a silver brooch in his shirt, and I stuck a knife in the 
beam over the door, so I don't know how they could have managed 
to change him." 

" Well then, they can't have had any power over him either. I 
know all about that, I should think," began Gubjor again, " for in 
a parish close to Christiania I once knew a woman who had a child, 
which she was so very careful about,  she made crosses over it and 
used castor and everything else she had heard of, for there was plenty 
of witchcraft thereabout, I can tell you ; but one night, as she lay in 
bed, with the child by her side near the edge of the bed, her 
husband, who was lying near the wall, awoke suddenly and saw 
such a red glare all over the room, just like when one stirs the fire, 
 and sure enough, there was some one stirring the fire too, for when 
he looked towards the fireplace, he saw an old man sitting there 
raking the fire together. He was an ugly brute,  uglier than I can 
describe,  and he had a long grey beard. When he had got the 



fire to give a good light, he began stretching his arms out for the 
child, but he could not move from the stool he sat on. His arms 
grew longer and longer, till they reached halfway across the room, 




but he didn't stir from the fire, and couldn't reach the child. He 
sat thus for some time, while the husband was so frightened that he 
didn't know what to do. He then heard some one moving outside 
the window. 



3oo The Witch. 



" * I say, Peter, why don't you come ? ' asked a voice outside. 

"'Hold your tongue, woman!' said the old man, who was 
sitting by the fire, 'they have been crossing and fiddling over 
this youngster, so I can't get it* 

" ' Well, you might come back, so we can be off/ said the voice 
again. It was the old man's wife, who was waiting outside to 
receive the youngster. 

" But just look at this fine little boy!" said the sorceress with 
affected kindness, as she took the child, who had just woke up, and 
vigorously resisted the strange woman's caresses and began crying 
at the apparently coaxing, but really repulsive, expression of the 
woman ; " he is as white as snow and pure as an angel ; he is rather 
weak about the joints, that he is,  but to say he is a changeling, 
that's a mistake, I say.  No, it's wasting sickness," she added, as 
she turned round to the mother with a lofty air of conviction ; " it's 
wasting sickness ! " 

" Hush, I fancy I heard some one knocking outside. Mercy on me, 
if it's my husband who has come back ! " said Marit, terrified at being 
surprised by her husband in company with the sorceress over a cup 
of coffee. She ran to the door and looked out, but there was 
nobody there but a brindled cat, which sat on the steps licking her 
paws after a hunt in the neighbouring bush, and a woodpecker, 
which was pecking away at the sunburnt logs of the cottage wall, 
trying to wake up the drowsy insects from their winter sleep in the 
holes and crevices in the timber, and turning his head every 
moment, as if he was looking for some one, but it was only an April 
shower he was expecting. 

"Is there anybody there?" asked Gubjor. On receiving an 
answer in the negative, she continued : ""Well, we had better leave 
the door open, so we can have the benefit of the sun and see 
when your husband comes home,  for I suppose he's coming that 
way. 

" He went with his sledge to get a load of leaves for the goats," 
answered Marit ; " but I'm so afraid he'll be finding us out Last 
time when he heard that you had been here, he was that wild that 
I didn't know what to say. He said he would give me money to 



The Witch. 301 



go to the doctor with, for he won't hear of any such goings on, or 
any magic curing ; for he is well read, and doesn't believe in the 
fairies any longer, since he went about with that schoolmaster of 
ours." 

" To the doctor's ? Bah ! " said the sorceress, and spat upon the 
floor. " Yes, I would advise anybody to go to that stuck-up grandee 
with this wee bit of a body. If one doesn't come with gold and 
fine presents," she continued, with an affected air of superior know- 
ledge, " he bites and worries you as if you were dogs, and not 
people. Why, what happened that time Gjertrud Kostibakken 
lay with the last gasp of breath in her body ? He wouldn't go to 
.a tramp, for he was at a Christmas party at the magistrates', nor 
did he go either till he was threatened both with bishop and judge ; 
and he might have saved himself the trouble, for when he came to 
the door the poor woman was dead. No ! to go to the doctor's 
with a child like this,  suffering with wasting sickness, is madman's 
work ! But, dear me ! " she said with a sneer, " you may go to him 
for what I care, but if he can help you as much as this  , may I 
never be able to cure another in my life. They don't know any- 
thing about this wasting sickness, bless you ! There's nothing about 
it in their books, and they don't know of any remedy for it !  and 
they know that well enough too,  that's the reason they don't give 
any powders or drugs and such nasty stuff for it. No, there's no 
other remedy but lead-melting, but they don't know anything 
about that." 

" Let's put the ladle on, mother," she began in a different tone, 
u it's getting on towards noon. If we have melted twice, we'll 
liave to melt the third time as well, or we don't know what might 
happen. The child has the wasting sickness, but there are nine sorts 
of that disease in the world, as I've told you already,  and you 
saw yourself he had both the goblin-spell and the water-spell, for 
the first Thursday the lead showed a man with two big horns and 
a tail. That was the goblin-spell. Last time it was a mermaid, you 
saw it as plainly as if it had been drawn. That was the water-spell. 
But now Thursday has come round again, and the question is what 
will it show now? The third time is the most important, you must 



- i 



302 The Witch, 



know. There, take the child," she said, as she gave it to its mother. 
" Let me finish this drop of coffee, and I'll set to at once." 

When the coffee was drunk, and the cup was put away with many 
thanks and blessings, she went demurely to the hearth, and pulled 
out a snuff-horn. 

" Since last Thursday," she said, " I've been in seven parishes 
and scraped lead off the frames of church -windows at midnight, 
for I used the last of my lead last Thursday. It's trying both to 
mind and body," she mumbled to herself, while she shook out from 
the snuff-horn some of the lead, which, according to her statement, 
she had collected under so' many difficulties. 

" I suppose you have brought some water from a brook running 
north at midnight ? " she inquired further. 

" Yes. I was down by the mill-stream last night ; it's the only- 
stream running north for a long way round/' answered the peasant 
woman, as she brought out a carefully closed pail, from which she 
poured the water into a large beer-bowl. Across this was placed 
a thin oatmeal cake, through which a hole was made with a 
darning needle. When the lead was melted, Gubjor went to the 
door, looked up at the sun, took the ladle and poured the melted 
lead slowly through the hole into the water, while she mumbled 
some words over it which seemed to be to this effect :  



" I conjure for sickness, I conjure for pain 
I conjure it off, and I call it again  
I conjure the weather, the wind, and the rain I 
I have spells for the north, I have charms for the west, 
And the south and the east must obey my behest  
I conjure in water, I conjure on land, 
I conjure in rocks, and I conjure in sand  
I conjure pain into the alder-tree root  
I conjure disease into tiny foal's foot  
Where the flame of Gehenna comes bellowing forth, 
Or where the charmed waters flow on to the north, 
There, there shall pain wither, consumed by my spell, 
And with the poor babe all shall henceforth be well !" 



The Witch. 303 



As was only natural, the boiling lead hissed and spluttered as it 
was poured into the water. 

"Just listen to the wickedness of it,  it must come out now," 
said the sorceress to the peasant woman, who with a mixed feeling 
of fear and awe, stood listening with the child in her arms. When 
the oatmeal cake was taken off the bowl, a couple of figures formed 
by the melted lead were seen in the water. The sorceress regarded 
them for some time, with her head on one side ; she then began 
nodding it and said :  

" Corpse-spell, corpse-spell !  first goblin-spell, then water-spell, 
and now corpse-spell. One of them would have been enough ! " 
she added, shaking her head. " Yes, I now see how it all has 
happened," she continued aloud, and turned round to the mistress 
of the house. " First, you travelled through a wood and past a hill 
while the trolls were out, there you blessed the child. You then 
crossed a river, and there you also blessed the child ; but when you 
came past the churchyard,  it was before the cock crowed,  you 
forgot to bless the child, and there it caught the corpse-spell." 

"Bless me,  how do you know that?" exclaimed Marit with 
great surprise. " Every word you say is true. When we left the 
dairy last summer on our way home, it was rather late before we 
started, as some of the sheep got astray from us, and it was growing 
dark by the time we got down into the valley,  once I thought I 
saw the glimmer of a light over in the forest and I heard something 
like a gate being opened in the Vesaet hill,  they say there are 
fairies there&lt;  and then I blessed the child. When we crossed the 
river, I heard a terrible cry, and I blessed the child again,  the 
others said it was only the loon, which screamed for bad weather." 

"Yes, that would have been sufficient, if there was nothing else 
but the loon," said Gubjor ; " when it screams at a new-born babe, 
that child is bewitched." 

"Yes, I have also heard that," said the mother; "but when we 
came past the churchyard,  it was just past midnight  then the bull 
got unruly and we had such trouble to keep the cattle together, that 
I forgot to bless the child there." 

" That's where the child caught it then, you may be sure, for the 



304 The Witch. 



corpse-spell comes from the churchyard. Just look yourself in the 
bowl here : there stands a coffin and there is a church steeple, and 
in the coffin lies a corpse, spreading out its fingers," said the sorceress 
with great importance, as she explained these mystic figures of the 
melted lead. 

" Humph,  but there is a remedy ! " she mumbled to herself again, 
but sufficiently loud to be heard by the other. 

" What remedy is that ? " asked the mother, both glad and 
curious. 

"There's a remedy,  it does try one, but never mind/' said 
Gubjor ; " I shall make a dummy baby, which I shall bury in the 
churchyard, and then the dead will believe they have got the child, 
 take my word, they won't know but what it is the real baby ! 
But we must have some family silver to go with it ! Have you 
got any ? " 

" Yes, I have a couple of old silver coins, which were given me 
when I was baptized, and I didn't want to touch them ;  but if life 

depends upon it " said the anxious mother, and she began at 

once searching in an old chest. 

"Yes,  one I shall put in the hill,  the other in water,  the 
third I shall bury in consecrated ground, where the disease was 
caught. I must have three in all," said the sorceress, "and some 
old rags to make a dummy of." 

She got what she asked for. A big doll was soon made up in the 
shape of a wrapped-up baby. The sorceress rose from her seat, 
took the dummy baby and her stick, and said : 

" I'm going now to the churchyard to bury it. The third Thurs- 
day from to-day I shall be back again,  then we'll see 1 If there 
is going to be life, you can see yourself in the pupils of the child's 
eye, but if he is going to die you'll see something black and nothing 
else. And now I must be off to Joramo. I haven't been there for 
a long time ; but they sent word to me to come and see a 
youngster who has got the troll-spell. But that's an easy matter ! 
I'll push him under a piece of turf the contrary way to which the 
.sun goes, and then he'll be a man again." 

" Dear me, dear me I " said the peasant woman admiringly, 



The Witch. 305 



" Joramo 1  Why, that's in Lesje ! Bless me, are you going such 
a long way ? " 

"Yes, it is a long way off! I was bred and born there/' said 
Gubjor ; " I have travelled much, but gathered little, since I was 
there. It was better times for Gubjor then," she added with a sigh, 
as she sat down on the settle. " But in Joramo there was once a 
changeling," she continued, as some legend from olden times came 
into her mind on recalling some of the memories of her childhood. 
" My aunt's great grandmother who lived at Joramo had a change- 
ling. I never saw it, for both she and the child was gone long before 
I was born, but my mother often spoke about it. The child looked 
like an old man with a weather-beaten face,  his eyes were as red 
as fire, and glowed like an owl's eyes in the dark. He had a head 
as long as a horse's head and as round as a cabbage ; the legs were 
as thin as a sheep's, and his body looked like last year's dried 
mutton. He was always crying and howling, and if he got hold 
of anything, he threw it right into his mother's face. He was 
always hungry, like the parish dog,  everything he saw he must 
have, and he very nearly ate them out of house and home. The older 
he grew, the worse he grew, and there was no end to his howling 
and wailing. They could never make him speak a word, although 
he was old enough,  in short, he was a perfect worry night and 
day. They tried for advice here and there and everywhere, and the 
poor woman was told to try this and that and everything. She 
hadn't the heart to thrash him till she was sure he really was a 
changeling, but then somebody told her how she could find it out.  
She was to say that the king was coming, and then she was to make 
a big fire on the hearth and break an egg in two. Half of the 
shell she was to put over the fire, and then a long pole down the 
chimney into the shell.  Well, she did that ; but when the change- 
ling saw this, he sat upright in the cradle and stared at it. The 
woman went out of the room, but peeped in through the keyhole. 
He then crept out of the cradle on his hands, but his legs stuck 
in the cradle, and he stretched himself out, till he was so long 
that he reached right across the floor to the hearth. 

" 'Well, well/ he sa r d, ' I am now as old as seven generations of 

x 



3 o6 , The Witch. 

trees in the Lesjewood, but I have never seen such' a big porridge 
stick in such a little porridge pot as that on Joramo.' 

" When the woman saw and heard this, she knew well enough it 
was a changeling, and when she came in, he crawled back into the 
cradle like a worm. She then began to be hard on him, and on the 




Thursday evening she took him out behind the cowhouse and gave 
him a sound thrashing. She thought she heard some one whining 
and crying near her. The second Thursday night she served him 
in the same way, but when she thought he had had enough, she 



The Witch. 



307 



heard a voice speaking close to her, and she thought she could 
recognise the voice of her own child :  

"'Every time you hit that Tjostul, the people in the hill hit me.' 

u The third Thursday evening she gave the changeiing a thrashing 
again, and suddenly a woman, carrying a youngster, came rushing 
up to her, as if she had burnt herself. 

" ' Give me Tjostul back again,  there's your own brat ! ' she 
said, as she threw the child at the woman, who stretched out her 
hands to receive it ; she got hold of one leg, which she held in her 
hand, but the rest of the child she never saw,  so violent had the 
troll's wife thrown v it from her." 

During this story the mistress of the house began to show 
unmistakable signs of uneasiness, and towards its end they became 
so apparent, that even the story-teller, who seemed to be fully taken 
up by her narrative, also noticed therh. 

" What's the matter ? " said the witch. " Oh, I see !  it's your 
husband that's coming," she continued, as she looked out through 
the open door, and added in a grave tone : " There's no room here 
for Gubjor any longer ; but don't you be afraid, mother;  I'll go 
round by the churchyard, and then he won't see me." 



X 2 




THE CHARCOAL-BURNER. 



There was once upon a time a charcoal-burner who had a son, 
and he was also a charcoal-burner. When the father died, the son 
got married, but he would not do any work, and he neglected also 
to look after his kilns, and very soon no one would have him to 
burn charcoal any more for them. 

But one day he had got a kiln of charcoal ready burnt, and he set 
out for town with some loads of it and sold them. When he had 
done his business, ho loitered down some of the streets and looked 



Thk Charcoal-Burner. 309 

about him. On his way home he fell in with some neighbours and 
other people from the same parish, and he talked and bragged to 
them about all that he had seen in town. 

The most remarkable thing he saw, he said, was the great 
number of parsons he met, and all the people in the streets took 
off their hats to them. " I wish I was a parson," he said, "perhaps 
the people would take off their hats to me too ; now, they don't 
appear to see me at all." 

" Well, your clothes are black enough, anyhow," said his neigh- 
bours ; " but now that we are on the way, we may as well call in 
at the sale at the old parson's, and get a glass with the others, 
 and you can buy yourself a gown and ruff 1 at the same time/ 1 

Yes, he did so, and when he came home he hadn't a penny 
left. 

" I suppose you have brought both money and good manners 
home with you from town this time ? " said his wife. 

" Good manners ! yes, I should think so," said the charcoal-burner. 
"Just look here I I am a parson now. Here is both the gown and 
the ruff! " 

" Yes, very likely ! " said his wife ; " strong beer makes big words, 
it appears ! You don't care how things go ! " 

" You shouldn't boast or bother about the coals you are burning, 
till they are ready," answered the husband. 

But one day a great many people, dressed like parsons, passed 
the charcoal-burner's house on their way to the palace, and it was 
plain to see that something was going to take place there, so 
the charcoal-burner thought he would go as well, and put on the old 
parson's clothes. His wife thought it would be wiser of him to stay 
at home, for even if he got the chance to hold a horse for some 
grand person, she was afraid the sixpence he got for it would vanish 
down his throat, which usually was the case. " Yes, everybody talks 
about the drink, but no one about the thirst, do they, mother ? " 
said the husband ; "the more one drinks, the more one thirsts," and 
with that he started for the palace. All the strangers were invited 
to come into the presence of the king, and the charcoal-burner 

1 The Norwegian clergy wear a long black gown and an Elizabethan ruff. 




310 The Charcoal-Burner. 

entered with the others. The king then told them that he had lost 
his most costly ring, and he felt sure it had been stolen. He had 
therefore called together all the learned clergy in the country, to 
hear if any of them could tell him who the thief was. And the 
king promised that he would handsomely reward the one who could 
tell him about it,  if he was a curate, he should get a living; if 
he was a rector, he should be made a dean ; if ne was a dean, he 
should be made a bishop ; and if he was a bishop, he should be the 
first man after the king. So the king went from one to the other, 
and asked them all if they could tell him who the thief was, and 
when he came to the charcoal burner, he said : " Who are you ? " 

" I am the wise parson and the true prophet," said the charcoal- 
burner. 

" Then you can tell me who has taken my ring ? " said the king. 

" Well, it isn't beyond sense and reason, that what has happened 
in the dark might be brought to light," said the charcoal-burner ; 
" but it isn't every year that the salmon plays in the fir-tops. I 
have now been studying and working for seven years to get bread 
for myself and my family, but I haven't got a living yet, so if 
the thief is to be found, I must have plenty of time and paper, 
for I must write and reckon early and late." 

Yes, he should have as much time and paper as he wished, if 
he only could find the thief. 

So he got a room to himself in the palace, and before long they 
found out that he must know something more than writing a 
sermon, for he used so much paper that it lay about in heaps ; 
but there wasn't one who could make out a word of all he had 
written, for it was only pothooks and marks like a* crow's toes. 
But the time wore on, and he could not find any trace of the 
thief. 

So the king got tired of waiting, and told him that if he couldn't 
find the thief in three days, he should lose his life. 

" Ah, but he that rules must not be hasty, but wait till his temper 
cools," said the charcoal-burner. " One can't begin and rake out 
the coals, till they are thoroughly burnt and the fire has gone out." 

But the king stuck to what he said, and the charcoal-burner felt 



The Charcoal-Burner. 311 

his life wasn't worth much. Now it so happened, that it was 
three of the king's servants who waited upon him day by day 
in turn that had stolen the ring between them. 

So one day, when one of the servants came into his room and 
cleared away the table after supper, and was just about leaving 
the room, the charcoal-burner heaved a deep sigh and looked after 
him and said : 

11 There goes the first of them " ; but he only meant the first of 
the three days he still had to live. " This parson knows all about 
it," said the servant, when he got his comrades by themselves, 
and told them that the parson had said, " that he was the first of 
them." 

The second servant, who was to wait upon him the next day, 
was to notice what he would say then, and sure enough, as he 
was going out after having cleared the table, the charcoal-burner 
gazed steadily at him, sighed and said : " There goes the second 
of them." So the third servant was to observe what happened 
the third day; it got worse and worse he thought, for when 
the servant came to the door and was going out with all the plates 
and dishes, the charcoal-burner folded his hands and said : " There 
goes the third'of them," and then he sighed as if his heart would 
break. 

The servant came breathlessly out to his comrades and told them 
it was clear enough that the parson knew all about it, and so they 
went into his room and fell on their knees before him, and prayed 
and begged of him, that he would not tell it was they who had 
taken the ring ; they would give him a hundred dollars each, if he 
only would not bring them into trouble. 

He promised faithfully, that no one should get into trouble if he 
got the money, the ring, and a lump of porridge. He put the ring 
into the porridge, and told one of them to give it to the biggest 
pig belonging to the king. 

Next morning the king came ; it was easy to see he would not 
be played with ; he would know all about the thief. 

" Well, I have written and reckoned far and wide," said the char- 
coal-burner, " but I find it's not a man who has stolen the ring." 



3i2 The Charcoal-Burner. 

" Pooh ! who is it then ? " said the king. " Oh, it's that big pig" 
which belongs to your majesty," said the charcoal-burner. 

Well, they brought out the pig and killed it, and, sure enough, the 
ring was found inside it. So the charcoal-burner got a living, and 
the king was so pleased that he gave him a farm and horse and 
a hundred dollars in the bargain. It did not take the charcoal- 
burner long to move, and the first Sunday after he had settled in 



his parish he was going to church to read his first sermon. But 
before he started he had to get some breakfast, and so he put the 
sermon on the bread plate ; but he made a mistake and took the 
sermon instead of the bread, and dipped it into the soup, and when 
he felt it was so tough to chew, he gave it all to his dog, and the 
dog made short work of it and swallowed it all. 

When he found out his mistake, he was at a loss what to do. 

But he had to go to church, for his congregation was waiting for 

l him ; and when he came there, he went straight up into the pulpit 



The Charcoal-Burner. 313 



He put on such a grand air while he was getting ready for the 
sermon, that all thought he must be a very fine preacher. But 
when he did begin, it wasn't so very fine after all. 

"The words, my dear brethren, which you were going to hear 
this day, have gone to the dogs ; but come again, some other 
Sunday, my dear parishioners, and you shall hear something else ! 
And thus endeth this sermon ! " 

Well, all the people thought he was a queer parson, for they 
had never heard such a sermon ; but then they thought he might 
improve, and if not  why, they would know how to deal with him. 
Next Sunday the church was so crowded by people who wanted 
to hear the new parson, that there was scarcely room for them all 
in the church. As soon as the parson arrived, he went straight up 
into the pulpit, and then he stood for some time without saying a 
word, but all at once he made a start and cried out : " I say, old 
mother Berit, why do you sit so far back in the church ? "  " Oh, 
my boots are in such a bad state, your reverence !" said she.  
" But you could have got an old pig's skin and made yourself a new 
pair of boots, and then you could have come to the front like 
other decent people.  Besides, I wish you would all consider which 
way you are going, for I see that some of you, when you are 
coming to church, come from the north, and others come from the 
south, and the same when you leave church ; but I suppose you 
stop and gossip on the way, and then they wonder at home 
what has become of you. 'Yea ! who knows what will become of 
us all ? And then I have to give notice, that the old parson's 
widow has lost her black mare. She had fetlocks round her 
hoofs, and a long mane, and more of this kind which I sha'n't 
mention in this place. And then I have a big hole in my old 
breeches pocket, which I know, but you don't ! But whether any 
of you have a piece of some stuff, which would suit the hole, 
neither you nor I know." 

Some of the people were well satisfied with the sermon, and 
believed that he in time would make a good parson, but most of 
them thought it was really too bad ; and when the dean came round 
on one of his visits, they complained to him of the parson and. 



--~Tf -ft 




314 The Charcoal-Burner. 

said that such sermons were never heard before, and one of them 
happened to recollect the last one about the old widow's mare and 
repeated it all to the dean. 

" That was a very good sermon," said the dean ; " he spoke very 
likely in parables and impressed upon you to seek the light and to 
shun the darkness and its deeds, when he spoke about those 
who were walking on the broad or the narrow road ; and par- 
ticularly do I consider his notice about the old widow's mare a 
splendid parable as to how it will fare with us all in the end. The 
breeches pocket with the hole in it referred to his wants, and the 
piece of stuff was the offerings and gifts he expected from his 
congregation," said the dean. 

" Yes, we thought as much," they said ; " it was all about his 
offerings, sure enough ! " 

And so the dean said that he thought the parish had got 
such a good, sensible parson, that they should not complain of him, 
and the end was, that they got no other parson ; but as time wore 
on he got worse instead of better, and so they complained to 
the bishop. 

Well, after a long time the bishop came round on a visitation, 
but the charcoal-burner had been in the church the day before 
without anybody knowing of it, and had sawed the pulpit in 
several places, so it only hung together when one walked up the 
steps carefully. 

So when the congregation had assembled, and the parson was to 
preach before the bishop, he stole quietly up the steps and began 
his sermon in his usual style, but after having gone on for some 
time he spoke up, threw up his arms, and cried out : 

" If there is any one here, who has any evil deed or thought 
in his mind, it were better he left this place, for to-day, this very 
day, there will be a fall, the like of which has not taken place 
since the creation of the world ; " and with that he struck the 
pulpit with his hands, and down tumbled both pulpit and 
parson with such a crash, that the congregation took to their 
heels and ran out of the church, as if the day of judgment had 
come. 



The Charcoal-Burner. 315 

So the bishop told the people that he wondered that the con- 
gregation could complain of a parson, who was so gifted and had 
such wisdom, that he could prophesy things that were to come. 
He thought he ought at least to be dean, and it was not long 
before he was made one. There was no help for it ; they had to 
put up with him. 

Now it so happened, that the king and queen in that country 
had no children, but when the king heard that he was to have one 
he was curious to know whether he was to get a son and heir to 
his broad lands and acres, or if he only would get a princess. So 
all the learned men in the land were called to the palace to say 
which it would be. But as none of them were able to do this, 
both the king and the bishop happened to think of the new 
dean, and it did not take long till they had him brought 
before them and began questioning him. No, he could not tell, 
he said, for it wasn't easy to guess what no one could know 
anything about. 

" Well, well ! " said the king, " I don't care whether you know it 
or not ; but you arc the wise parson and the true prophet, who can 
foretell things to come, and if you won't tell me, you'll lose both 
your gown and your ruff! But never mind, I'll give you a trial 
first," and so he took the biggest silver tankard he had and went 
down to the sea shore with the parson. " Can you tell me now, 
what I have got in this tankard ? " said the king ; " and if so, you 
can tell me the other thing I asked you as well," and he held the 
lid of the tankard tight. The charcoal-burner wrung his hands in 
despair and cried : " Oh, you unfortunate crawling crab of this 
earth, what have you now in return for all your toil and trouble ! '" 
"Ah, there you see! You did know it after all !" said the king, 
for he had put a crab in the tankard. 

So the charcoal-burner had to go back to the palace, where he 
was shown into the queen's drawing-room. He took a chair and 
sat down in the middle of the room, while the queen walked up and 
down the floor. 

" One should never make a stall for the unborn calf, and never 
quarrel about the baby's name before it is born," said the charcoal- 



316 



The Charcoal-Burner. 



burner, "but I never saw anything like this before; when the 
queen comes towards me, I fancy it will be a prince, and when she 
walks away from me, it seems to me as if it will be a princess." 
It turned out in time to be twins, and so the charcoal-burner had 
made a lucky hit that time also. And thus for telling what no 
one could know anything about he got loads of money, and he 
became next man to the king. Snip, snap, snout, that man 
knew what he was about. 