Google 



This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on Hbrary shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project 

to make the world's books discoverable online. 

It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject 

to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books 

are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. 

Marks, notations and other maiginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the 

publisher to a library and finally to you. 

Usage guidelines 

Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the 
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing this resource, we liave taken steps to 
prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. 
We also ask that you: 

+ Make non-commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for 
personal, non-commercial purposes. 

+ Refrain fivm automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine 
translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the 
use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. 

+ Maintain attributionTht GoogXt "watermark" you see on each file is essential for informing people about this project and helping them find 
additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. 

+ Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just 
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other 
countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of 
any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner 
anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liabili^ can be quite severe. 

About Google Book Search 

Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers 
discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web 

at |http : //books . google . com/| 



I 



s .; ^ 






I ' i 



LIFE'S 
FAIRY TALES 



J; A, MITCHELL 

Author of " Tki Last American " 



SECOND EDITION 



New York 
FREDERICK A. STOKES COMPANY 

MDCCCXCUI 



Copyright, iBQa, 
By FREDERICK A. STOKES COMPANY. 






CONTENTS. 



PAGB 

The Drowsy Village ^ j 

The Fairy Bishop, 3 

Uncle Rody, 16 

The Westwind and the Fine^ . . . 23 

Stillabel, ^2 

The Wedding That Wasn't, ... 37 
The Fious Nobleman and the Blind Horse, 44 
The Belle and the Seal, . . . . C2 

The Lover, The Twelve Hornets, and The 

Enchanted Garden of Zpek, . . -58 
Why the Ocean is Colder at Some Flaces 

than at Others, . 60 

The Average Dog and the Usual Man, . yy 

The Luckless Frince, ... 82 

The Adventures of Two Criminals, . .88 
The Dissolute Beetle, . . „ . ng 
The Enchanted For trait, . „ , ,104 



3^ -ni^^ O 



TO 

M. H. M., 

WHOSE UNFAILING ENCOURAGEMENT 

IS LARGELY RESPONSIBLE FOR 

THE EXISTENCE OF THESE 

DIMINUTIVE TALES. 



■^ • 



^' 



THE DROWSY VILLAGE. 

Jon was a young man, of surpassing 
beauty, who went into the world to seek his 
fortune. The third day of his journey 
brought him to the Village of Brotherly 
Love, an enormous settlement covering 
manysquare miles, where he met an acquaint- 



^ THE DROWSY VILLAGE, 

ance ; and he tarried in that colony. It 
soon came to pass that he was invited to 
a large party in a patrician mansion. He 
forthwith attired himself in broadcloth and 
fine linen, and danced with the maidens and 
properly disported himself. But while so 
doing he noticed a plain and somewhat 
elderly maiden sitting disconsolately against 
the wall, receiving no attention either from 
the hostess or the guests. He spoke of 
this to the son of the house, who an- 
swered : 

" Oh, she's of no special importance." 

"But she is a guest,'* replied Jon, **and 
having invited her to your house you can- 
not snub her ! ** 

** Oh, yes we can ! ** answered the young 
man. ** We can do more than that in the 
City of Brotherly Love ! *' and he hurried 
away for a partner. 

Jon requested the hostess, who seemed 
amazed at his folly, to present him to the 
solitary damsel. He then danced with her, 
and, after bringing rich patties, with salad 
and other indigestible devices that are 
never eaten at home, he engaged her in 
pleasant converse. 

She seemed grateful for these attentions, 



THE DROWSY VILLAGE. 3 

and when Jon finally bade her good-night, 
she handed him a poppy, saying: 

"Please accept this flower; it possesses 
some unusual qualities, among others that of 
putting people to sleep, by simply waving 
it in their direction. To wake them you 
must kiss the sleeper. Good-night."- And 
away she went, leaving Jon standing alone 
with the flower. Down among the petals 
there seemed to be an enormous dewdrop, 
but when he shook it off it fell on the 
marble pavement like a hard substance and 
bounced up again, retaining its shape. Upon 
picking it up, he found he had between his 
fingers a diamond of exceeding beauty! 
Moreover, in its place within the poppy 
another had appeared, also of great price 
and astounding brilliancy. And when that 
in turn was shaken off, yet another took its 
place. 

Jon hurried home, and, in feverish haste, 
experimented with this desirable flower. 
The first ten minutes resulted in a pint of 
diamonds. He danced for joy. 

" I am rich I ** he cried, " rich without 
limit!" The next morning he distributed 
the stones among his various pockets and 
betook him to a jeweler. 



4 THE DROWSY VILLAGE. 

" How much is this worth ? " he asked, 
giving one of them for inspection. The 
jeweler, after consulting with his partner, 
said: 

" We will give you two hundred dollars 
for it." 

When Jon readily accepted this price for 
a five thousand dollar stone, the jewelers 
became suspicious, but they paid him the 
money and he went away. His reappear- 
ance, a few days after, with other stones yet 
more precious, and for which he considered 
any sum a fair price, confirmed the jewelers 
in their worst surmises, and Jon was marched 
before a judge. Several pockets crammed 
with priceless jewels did not allay suspicion, 
and he soon found himself in jail. 

They had allowed him to keep the poppy, 
as no one examined it, and no one conse- 
quently suspected its value. 

On the second day of his imprisonment 
he remembered the other qualities of the 
poppy, and straightway tried an experiment. 

When the jailer came with his noonday 
meal, he waved the magic flower toward 
him, and, to his delight, the burly warden 
closed his eyes and sank gently to the stone 
floor of the cell in a peaceful sleep. 



THE DROWSY VILLAGE, 5 

Jon lost no time in reaching the court- 
yard of the jail, but an officer had already 
seen him and given the alarm. As several 
jailers rushed toward him, he again waved 
the poppy, this time in every direction, and 
lo ! the various guardians forgot their haste 
and fell napping to the earth. Seeing how 
beautifully it worked, and noticing the cus- 
todians about the gate were becoming 
alarmed, he held the poppy high in his hand, 
and turning completely around, he cried : 

** Whole city go to sleep ! ** And the 
whole city obeyed. 

Then he stepped leisurely out into the 
street, where all was quiet and reposeful. 
Not a being was awake. A policeman 
stood leaning against a wall, but he was 
dozing calmly. The driver and conductor 
of a passing street car, and all the passengers 
within, were sound asleep, while the horses, 
from force of habit, moved gently as they 
slumbered. 

Jon's first thought was to quit the city in 
the shortest time, and he sped rapidly along. 
Turning a corner he almost ran into a stylish 
equipage, the footmen, with closed eyelids, 
upon the box, the horses lying flat upon 
the pavement. He started as he recognized 



THE DROWSY VILLAGE. 



_ j the lady in the carriage, for 

«' I there, dreaming peacefully in 

t^°*-  the noonday sun, reclined the 

't spinster who had given him 

' the poppy. For the mere 

pleasure of kissing, lie would have preferred 

a younger maiden, but Jon knew his duty. 

Standing on the step of the carnage he 



THE DROWSY VILLAGE, 7 

reached over and planted a kiss upon her 
cheek. She awoke, and to his surprise, 
her mature face grew younger and more 
beautiful as he gazed upon it. In amaze- 
ment, he looked enraptured upon this 
transformation, for she was now a fresh and 
blooming damsel of scarcely twenty sum- 
mers. Blushing, as her eyes met his, she 
explained that a malicious wizard, disguised 
as a cupid, had entered her chamber one 
evening just as she was going to a party, 
and because she had refused to marry his 
son, changed her into a withered spinster, 
so to remain until some young man should 
voluntarily kiss her. 

It is perhaps unnecessary to add — this 
being a fairy tale — that they at once fell 
deeply in love with each other. Jon kissed 
the horses, and, although it came hard, he 
also kissed the driver and footman. Then 
he and his charming bride were driven rapid- 
ly from the drowsy city and lived happily 
together ever afterward, reveling in the 
endless riches derived from the unfailing 
poppy. 

The City of Brotherly Love is dozing 
still. 



THE FAIRY BISHOP. 

Nightley Hightime was a New England 
fairy of Puritan descent, who preferred the 
bustle and excitement of city life to the 
quieter pleasures of the country. The Gold- 
en City of Manhattan being the only set- 
tlement in America that offered a metro- 
politan existence, it came about that he 
spent most of his time there. One after- 
noon, as he was floating aimlessly down 
Fifth Avenue, invisible to others, but seeing 
everything himself, he noticed two beauti- 
ful young ladies, who had picked up a kitten 
from a doorstep. Each girl, after kissing 
the kitten and pressing it against her cheek, 
handed it to the other, who fondled it in a 
similar fashion. '* That must be fun," 
thought Nightley. " Why shouldn't I be in 
It ? " So he hurried on ahead of the beauti- 
ful girls, and, alighting on a convenient door- 
step, transformed himself into a most invit- 
ing kitten. Now, Nightley Hightime was a 
married fairy, and he should not have done, 
this. But retribution was close upon him, 
for two small boys, who were passing at that 
moment, immediately tried to catch him, and 



lO THE FAIRY BISHOP, 

failing in that set their dog upon him. As 
luck would have it, there was no place to es- 
cape, and Nightley, without reflection, sped 
nervously up some steps, the dog in hot 
pursuit. His brain was even quicker than 
his legs, and he made a swift resolve. As 
he reached the upper step, he suddenly faced 
about and turned himself into a bishop. 
The dog fell back, paralyzed with astonish- 
ment. The awe-stricken boys stood still for 
an instant, then turned and fled. At that 
moment the door was jerked open behind 
him and a gentleman cried : ** Get away, 

you ! '* but stopped short when he saw 

the bishop. 

**I — I beg your pardon,'* he stammered ; 
"I thought I saw some boys and a dog 
chasing ** 

"A kitten," said the bishop ; " that was 
myself. Allow me to enter.*' The as- 
tonished gentleman followed him into the 
parlor. " You have saved my life," said the 
bishop, "at least that was your intention, 
and I desire to reward you. What is your 
dearest wish ? " 

" Rest and peace! " exclaimed the gentle- 
man. " I am an Episcopal clergyman, and, 
as such, I am harried to death with visits 



THE FAIRY BISHOP. 13 

and ceremonies. The women adore me and 
they bore me to the edge of madness. It's 
a pompous, wearisome, empty, sickening 
life." 

" So I should suppose/* said the bishop ; 
" but what career would you prefer?'* 

** I would prefer a career in which I 
might be equally impressive without my 
present cares." 

"I see," said the bishop. "You want 
the fun without the work, which is only 
natural. Have you ever thought of any 
occupation that would satisfy your long- 
ings ? " 

"Yes," said the gentleman, with some 
embarrassment; " I have thought I should 
like to be a family coachman." 

" That is asking more than you realize," 
replied the bishop. "You are probably 
laboring under the common delusion that 
a family coachman is mentally inferior to 
an Episcopal clergyman." 

The gentleman seemed surprised. 

"A family coachman," continued the 
bishop, " must possess, in the first place, at 
least as much tact, dignity, and outward 
respectability. And, although you may 
not be prepared to hear this, it requires 



14 THE FAIRY BISHOP. 

2l much higher order of intelligence to guide 
a pair of horses with ease and dignity 
through the busy thoroughfares of a crowded 
city than to gallop through the Episcopal ser- 
vice twice a week, with no expression, to a 
fashionable audience whose minds are upon 
other matters. As to your discourses, 
there are probably few men in your congre- 
gation who would care to exchange a good 
pair of horses for all the sermons you are 
likely to deliver." 

The gentleman seemed depressed. 
Bishop Hightime also assumed a despon- 
dent air, and said: 

" It might be mortifying to know the exact 
number of men in one's congregation who 
would rather exchange their parson than 
lose a trusted coachman. But cheer up," 
he added, " you saved my life and you shall 
have your wish." 

And he kept his promise. 

As a driver, the gentleman made a bad 
mess of it in the beginning, and began to 
realize the truth of the bishop's words, but 
he improved with practice and soon did 
very well. 

Others preachers, of course, became en- 
vious of their brother's good fortune, and to 



The fairy bishop. is 

this day it is not an unusual thing for Night- 
ley Hightime to grant the same privilege to 
those clergymen whose intelligence and 
moral character make them worthy of the 
trust, 

So, whenever you see a coachman whose 
intense respectability suggests a clerical 
origin, you will understand how it came 
about. 




There once lived in the Hub of the 
Universe a man who was the proprietor of 
a heavy grief, which all came from his only- 
son being a crushing disappointment. He 
had the most ambitious plans for the future 
of this son; but as the boy grew up it be- 
came evident that he was not only with- 
out an idea of his own, but lacked the 
capacity of recognizing one should he meet 
it unannounced. He seldom opened his 
mouth save for the purposes of nourishment. 
As he was rather handsome, however, it 
often required time for strangers to discover 
what an ass he really was. His father had 
tried for many years to be proud of him, 
but it was an uphill struggle that wore 
heavily on his spirit. 

One afternoon as some important business 
led the unhappy father toward a decanter in 
the butler's pantry, he discovered a little 



UNCLE RODY. 17 

mouse weeping bitterly in a trap. The 
prisoner seemed entirely overcome by the 
horror of his position. 

" You appear to be depressed/* said the 
father. 

" Well I may be ! " answered the mouse. 
" I was to be married this afternoon ; now 
I shall be — murdered ! '* and again he broke 
down. 

"Well, such a change of programme 
must be disappointing," said the unhappy 
father. " I should be upset myself,** and 
looking around to make sure that no one 
observed his folly, he opened the cage 
door. The mouse stepped quickly out 
and ran across the floor, but stopped 
in the doorway and said with a polite 
bow : 

" I thank you, sir, a thousand times. 
You have saved my life, and I shall not for- 
get it." 

That night the unhappy father went to 
bed, thinking gloomily, as was his habit, 
upon the empty future of his stupid son. 
He slept but a short time when he was 
awakened by an unusual sound. As he 
opened his eyes he discovered two mice 
upon the foot-board of his bed, singing in 



1 8 UNCLE kODY, 

excellent time and with much expression, 
this couplet : 

Please accept, O benefactor, 
From a happy bride and groom, 

Hearty thanks for having saved us 
From an unrelenting doom. 

Then, seeing he was well awake, they sang 
to a diflferent air and quicker time : 

Turn, O turn your grief to joy ! 

Call three times for Uncle Rody ; 
You will find him just the boy, 
Just the boy ! 

Then they scampered down the foot- 
board and all was still again. 

This occurred for three nights. On the 
third night he finally sat up in bed and 
said, more to gratify the mice than from 
any faith in their performance : 

" Uncle Rody ! Uncle Rody ! Uncle 
Rody ! " 

In a moment there was a violent scratch- 
ing, then a stout mouse, rather past middle 
age, clambered up the foot-board. He sat 
there with his hands folded over his stom- 
ach, and seemed a little out of breath. 

" Well, what can I do for you ? '* he 
asked. 



UNCLE RODY. 



" Turn my grief to joy, if some of your 
friends have not exaggerated your abili- 
ties." 

"Nothing easier," said Uncle Rody. 
" What is your grief ? " 



20 UNCLE RODY. 

Then the unhappy father told him all 
about his son. 

" I can easily remedy that," said Uncle 
Rody, " if you will only take my advice." 

** What is your advice ? " 

" Make your son a physician." 

"A physician!" exclaimed the father, 
" why, he hasn't brains enough for a hod- 
carrier ! 

" No brains are required. Your son has 
a pompous manner and says little ; a 
combination that is sure to impress a sick 



man." 



**But he could never cure anything ! " 

"Why should he?" said Uncle Rody. 
" Nature does that. And when the patients 
die it is because nothing could have saved 
them ; " and here he gave his listener an 
enormous wink, out of all proportion to his 
diminutive eye. 

" But the other physicians," said the 
father ; " they would be sure to find him 
out." 

Uncle Rody smiled wearily. 

"Are doctors of the same school in the 
habit of denouncing each other ? Your son 
can murder every patient he treats and his 
professional brothers will stand by him to 



UNCLE RODY. 



the last. Just give it a little thought and 
you will take my advice. Good-night ! " 



Three years later the stupid son returned 
from abroad, after a series of unintelligent 
studies in the principal medical schools of 
Europe. His first patient was an influential 
lady who had the whooping cough. He 
pronounced it quick consumption. She of 
course believed him, and when she recovered 



22 UNCLE RODY. 

was so overcome by her miraculous escape 
from this usually fatal disease that she 
recommended him in the most enthusiastic 
manner to all her friends. His second great 
success was with a child who had cramps in 
the stomach. He treated him for curvature 
of the spine, and as the child came out of it 
with an excellent figure the wealthy parents 
overwhelmed him with their gratitude. His 
reputation was now firmly established. He 
became a shining light in the profession, 
and soon after married a merchant princess. 



where the prairie and the forest meet, there 
stands a lofty Pine. Though surrounded 
by many sisters, all of imposing beauty, she 
is easily the belle of the neighborhood, 
from the richness of her coloring and the 
perfect symmetry of her limbs. In earliest 
youth her natural dignity and ease of 
manner were the envy of much older trees. 

All pines have pleasant voices, but hers 
has qualities unknown to others. And 
when the Westwind lingers among the 
branches, there comes a murmuring music 
that steals away the senses and lulls the 
listener to a drowsy ecstasy. They were 
great friends, this pine tree and the West- 



24 THE WESTWIND AND THE PINE. 

wind. It was breathed along the forest 
that friendship was too cold a name for it, 
and young pines would wink and nudge 
each other when they saw him coming. 
Although the mighty traveler flirted freely 
with every beauty in his path, the de- 
lays in her vicinity were 
very marked, their whisper- 
ings often lasting until after , 
midnight. 




'*» 






HI,* 



li)^ 



•^ 



.* 



•*THE WHITE MEN CAME AND DROVE AWAY THE RED ONES.' 



As time went on the white men came 
and drove away the red ones, and then, out 
upon the prairie, a dozen miles away, they 
began a town beside the river. Then a 
settler came and built a house, laying out 
his farm close up against the forest. He 
fell upon the timber, slaying many trees, 



xni::' 



*:5- 



tr- 



T> -^ 






-^ -.. 



«»' 



'^^^ 



> 




*rik.. 









»*. 



^ 



^ 



^:^ ^ 

•^ 



■'#s 



26 THE WESTWIND AND THE PINE. 



Then hecircled 
savagely about, 
and rearing 
himself aloft 
for hundreds of 
feet in a whirl- 
ing, tumultu- 
ous tempest, 
darkening the 
earth, until it 
seemed as if 
the night had 
come, he start- 
ed on his er- 
rand. Unearth- 
ly were the 
shrieks of the 
rushing air. 

Rising high 
into the clouds, 
he fell like a 
thunderbolt 
upon the earth, 
and it quivered 
beneath the 
shock. With 
irregular, gi- 
gantic, fright- 
ful bounds he 



THE WESTWIND AND THE PINE. 



rushed toward the startled town, which, lying 
in his path, he hurled in splinters about the 
prairie. The mayor was landed behind a 
stable nearly a mile from where the cyclone 
struck him. For a brief period the air was 
laden with prominent citizens. A railway 
train, just entering the town and bearing 
some well known capitalists from the East, 



30 THE WESTWIND AND THE FINE. 

rose bodily from the bridge, then plunged in- 
to the river's mud. But tiiese were details in 
which the Westwind took little interest, and 
they caused him no delay. With one more 
bound he was half way from the splintered 
city to the forest. The farmer, who had long 
since dropped his ax, now scurried toward 
his house, believing, correctly, the day of 
reckoning had come. Before his eyes, as he 
ran, the house and family, the outbuildings, 
fences, cattle, carts, and hens, ail shot into 



the air, like water up a fountain. A second 
later the whirlwind caught him. Of his 
sensations there is no record ; of the rate 
at which he traveled, or the length of his 



THE WEST WIND AND THE PINE. 31 

journey, there is no human knowledge. It 
is believed by those who loved him that 
he went straight to heaven. If so, he 
entered in his stocking feet, as one boot 
went flying through the window of a school 
house fifteen miles away, and the other 
was discovered on the summit of Eagle 
mountain. 

• • • • • 

Time has covered over the gashes in the 
Pine. If you lie upon the brown carpet at 
her feet she will tell you the story, while 
the Westwind, who is sure to be fooling 
among the branches, murmurs a protest 
against figuring as a hero. 



STILLABEL. 

Stillabel was a charming maiden of some 
thirty summers, who had the pleasure of be- 
ing passionately loved by an elderly gentle- 
man with twinkling eyes and a wide-awake 
mustache. She returned his love, but her 
parents refused, to give their consent to the 
marriage on account of the suitor's age, for 
Mr. Chipper Greylock had left sixty-five 
birthdays well behind him. Now it hap- 
pened that Stillabel was godchild to an en- 



STILLABEL. Zl 

terprising and somewhat enthusiastic fairy, 
who, when she learned the state of affairs, 
resolved to be of some assistance in the 
matter. So she flew into Mr. Greylock*s 
window one sultry night, and, tapping him 
on the forehead as he slept, pronounced cer- 
tain mysterious words, at the same time 
blowing an enchanted powder up his nose. 
And lo! when he awoke the next morning 
he was thirty-five years younger than when 
he went to bed the night before. Taking 
off that thirty- five years was where the en- 
terprising godmother made a grave mistake, 
for Chipper Greylock had always felt his 
youth, even at sixty-five, and now that he 
was thirty he had all the dash and friskiness 
of a lad of twenty. He became at once a 
tremendous favorite with the girls, and 
poor Stillabel soon saw, with a heavy heart, 
that the boyish Chipper was not the man to 
wed a woman of thirty. And even before 
the year was out he had taken to himself a 
blooming bride of some nineteen summers. 
All this occurred before the enterprising 
fairy realized her folly. Although she was 
very angry with the merry Chipper, she saw 
it would never do to make him an old man 
again, as his youthful bride had done noth- 



STILLABEL. 



ing to deserve such a punishment. Poor 
Stillabel began to fade away — and it was 
very evident to the enterprising fairy that 
she was dying of a broken heart. 



STILLABEL. 



She was powerless to save her, particularly 
as Stiliabel insisted upon dying, now that 
she had nothing to live for. She freely for- 



gave the cruel Chipper, and her dying re- 
quest was that she might become a beauti- 
ful rose, and blossom forever beneath the 
window of the faithless lover. This, of 



S6 STILCABEL, 

course, was granted by her godmother ; but 
after poor Stillabel's death she could not re- 
sist the temptation of stealing again into 
the sleeping Chipper*s bedroom at dead of 
night and again blowing a powder up his 
unconscious nose. This time it was no 
elixir for renewing youth, but an enchanted 
essence from the rose itself, and the distress 
it wrought on Mr. Greylock was dire and 
long drawn out. 

Chipper loves this rose and admires its 
beauty, but every June, for then is the anni- 
versary of his wedding, the fragrance of the 
flower gives him a violent, malicious, and 
most undignified cold in the head which 
nothing can cure, and which clings to him 
until it is ready to leave. His swollen nose 
and dewy eyes make life a burden. He 
feels again like a very old man, but ten times 
older than ever before. 

And thus it affects many others who are 
faithless in their loves, for it has spread 
about the land and blossoms everywhere. 

So the gentle Stillabel remains forever a 
thing of beauty and a warning to the wicked. 
There are, and of course always will be, vic- 
tims of the rose who protest their inno- 
cence, but the guilty.were ever thus. 



THE 

WEDDING 

THAT 
i 

» WASN'T. 

YEAR or two ago 

there lived in Con- 
necticut a man so 
perior that in his pres- 
ice all nature was ill 
case. Birds were 
hamed of their friv- 
leir heads when they 
saw him coming. Dogs blushed for their 
aimless lives. It is reported that a pair of 
horses once tendered him an apology for 
not joining the church. He never touched 
alcohol or tobacco, or said foolish things. 
or rested his elbows on the table, or played 
cards, or used slang expressions. He never 
encouraged anybody in anything for fear 
they might sin in doing it. When he smiled 



38 THE WEDDING THAT WASN'T, 

it was with one side of his mouth at a time. 
Having no faults he was detested by all 
who knew him, but as no one dared confess 
this, each supposed the others loved him. 
Of course he was wealthy. The gentle 
maiden he was to marry also detested him, 
but without fully realizing it, for she had 
been repeatedly congratulated by her par- 
ents on her good fortune in securing the 
love of such a perfect man, and she was 
too well brought up to doubt their state- 
ments. 

When the wedding day arrived every pew 
in the village church was full. 

Now, it happened all by chance that Mr. 
Pinfeather Presto, a fairy of American par- 
entage, was floating lazily along beneath 
the village elms that morning, disguised 
as a blue-bottle fly. When he neared the 
church, he saw at once some wedding was 
afoot, and he said to himself, ** Here's for 
a look at her. I always did love a bride!" 
and he sailed boldly through the open door. 
Flying straight over the heads of the people 
until he was well in front, he looked about 
and then sat himself on the chancel rail. 
The great organ was pouring forth a wed- 
ding march, and all eyes were turned eagerly 



THE WEDDING THAT WASN'T. 39 

toward the entering bride. She was pretty, 
but very pale, and it seemed to Mr. Pin- 
feather Presto that, were it not for her 
father's arm, she would have sunk to the 
floor. A glance at the groom, and he 
recognized at once the Perfect Man. " That 
explains it ! ** he muttered angrily. " He'll 
nag her to death with his beastly goodness, 
and she knows it ? " 

As his eyes fell again upon her un- 
happy face, his soul revolted at the 
sacrifice. ** It's a shame ! " he muttered ; 
** and what's more, I'll stop it ! Then, act- 
ing upon a quick resolve he buzzed away to 
a distant corner of the church, and dis- 
appeared behind a column. In less than 
twenty seconds he emerged, this time as a 
beautiful golden haired boy, just big enough 
to run about. The clergyman had begun 
the ceremony, and there was a solemn hush 
upon the congregation. Suddenly all ears 
were startled by a child's voice, and all eyes 
were turned upon the beautiful boy as he 
ran swiftly up the aisle. Then the Perfect 
Man felt a pair of chubby arms clasped 
tightly about his knees, and heard in a clear 
voice that penetrated every corner of the 
church : 



THE WEDDING THAT WASN'T. 

"Papa, 
mamma 
says o o 
mustn't 

have anuz- 
zer wife!" 
A thrill 
of liorror 
swept over 
the congre- 
gation. The 
; swooned dead 
'andhunglimp 
:r father's arms. 
Perfect Man 
ed rudely away 
beautiful boy, 
his own sur- 
and horror 
for the embar- 
e would natur- 
y at the dis- 
his guilt. All 
. and confusion 
le assembled 
lo quickly left 
to talk it over 
El" in each others' houses. 



THE WEDDING THAT WASN'T. 43 

A more enjoyable horror was never experi- 
enced in that particular village. 

The maiden afterward married the faulty 
young man she really loved, and they are 
still living happily together. 

The beautiful boy was never seen again, 
and to this day is believed to have been 
murdered by his father, who finally drowned 
himself to escape the contempt of his neigh- 
bors. 



^ 



THE PIOUS NOBLEMAN AND THE 
BLIND HORSE. 

Many years ago, in a distant country, 
there lived a nobleman who was an enthusi- 
astic Christian. As no single creed could 
satisfy his religious cravings he became a 
strong Presbyterian, a violent Baptist, a 



PIOUS NOBLEMAN AND BLIND HORSE. 45 

burning Catholic, a complicated Episcopa- 
lian, and the loudest of Methodists, all at 
the same time. Of course there were tech- 
nical difficulties in being so many things at 
once, particularly as the various creeds all 
give the lie direct to one another ; but the 
Pious Nobleman was not the man to be 
thwarted by trifles. During the forenoon 
he would be, for instance, a Reformed 
Dutchman : and in the afternoon abandon 
himself to the delights of Calvinism. What- 
ever he was at the time, he despised all the 
others, like a good Christian. 

Now the Pious Nobleman was very proud 
of a beautiful high-stepping gray horse, for 
which he had paid a thousand gold pieces. 
One morning, as he was riding to church, 
the gray horse kept on the Presbyterian 
highway instead of turning down the road 
that led to the Baptist temple. This of 
course was no fault of the horse, but it 
happened to annoy the nobleman, who 
poured forth a torrent of oaths and slashed 
him so fiercely over the head that he de- 
stroyed the sight of one eye. An inflamma- 
tion set in which affected both eyes, and 
the gray horse became hopelessly blind. 
The Pious Nobleman, being a tender-hearted 



40 PIOUS NOBLEMAN AND BUND HORSE. 



man, was sorry for this, as it lessened the 
value of the animal and the eyes were un- 
pleasant to look at. 



PIOUS NOBLEMAN AND BUND UOHSE 47 

He also remembered the thousand gold 
pieces. 

But on the following Sunday, while at- 
tending service at the Episcopal chapel, he 
was struck by a clever idea which he at once 
carried out. Two leather slabs were so con- 
structed, one on each side of the bridle, as 
to cover the horse*s eyes. They were not 
very pretty to look at, and of course were 
unpleasant to wear; but with the addition 
of his crest and initials in silver, they passed 
for a new style in harness, and at once be- 
came the fashion. 

He heard, about this time, that a neigh- 
boring widow wished to purchase a horse. 
So one morning while in an orthodox frame 
of mind he interviewed her coachman, and, 
placing fifty gold pieces in his hand, 
said : 

** Fifty more shall come to you if your 
mistress buys the gray horse." 

The next morning, after a short prayer 
before an expensive altar in the Catholic 
cathedral, he drove the gray charger to the 
widow's mansion, and when he returned the 
unsuspecting lady retained the horse, and 
the Enthusiastic Christian had fifteen hun- 
dred gold pieces in his pocket. 



48 PIOUS NOBLEMAN AND BUND HORSE. 



He realized with a grateful spirit his in- 
strumentality in enabling an unprotected 



E COACHMAN INFORMS THE WIDOW OF HEH n 



i. ■• 



PIO us NOBLE MA N A ND BLIND HORSE, 5 1 

widow to possess that priceless knowledge 

which is only acquired by experience. 

• • • • • 

This Pious Nobleman has been dead for 
many years ; but if you should ever visit that 
extraordinary country, you will find they 
still blind their horses with pieces of leather, 
no matter how good their eyes are. 



THE BELLE AND THE SEAL. 

Once upon a time a beautiful steamer 
was crossing the Atlantic Ocean at such a 
terrifying speed that one of the passengers 
said, in alarm, to the captain : 

" Isn't it dangerous to go so fast ? " 

" Not for us,** said the captain with a 
knowing wink, as the bow of the steamer 
crashed through a fishing smack. And he 
looked merrily aloft that he might not see 
the fishermen as they struggled about in 
the sea, crying aloud for help. Every life 
saved meant so many minutes lost, and the 
captain was a wise man and knew his business. 
But that night the beautiful steamer shot 
with a resounding crash into a still more beau- 
tiful iceberg, and sank with graceful undula- 
tions to the deep down bottom of the sea. 

Of all the passengers only one was saved, 
and that was a Society Belle, who was 
thrown half awake upon the glittering ice. 
She was not hurt, but she found it very 
chilly, as her only clothing consisted of a 
single garment, white and cool, but with no 
particular fit. To keep herself from freez- 
ing she started ofif at a swift run along the 

5a 



THE BELLE AND THE SEAL. 



I seal espied her he 
ONE WAS SAVED." arosc, and, bowing 

gracefully, said: 
" Good-evening, madam ; please take my 
seat." 



54 THE BELLE AND THE SEAL. 

" Thank you," she said ; " but if I do I 

shall freeze, as I have nothing on but " 

here she blushed and added to herself, " How 
silly to be embarrassed. He is only a seal." 
But the seal was already fumbling at his 
throat and began to unbutton his magnifi- 
cent overcoat. She regarded him in amaze- 
ment and exclaimed; 
" Does it come off ? " 
" Everything comes off," he answered, 
from a baptism 
I a burial," and 
lUantly remov- 
g it, he threw 
the . Iieavy gar- 
m.ent over her 
shoulders. The 
additional 
, warmth was 
I welcome, and 
■. although ac- 
"" customed to 
 fashionable 
life, and to 
ippearing par- 
iallyclad in the 
TH WAS presence of gen- 
tlemen, she felt 



THE BELLE AND THE SEAL. 55 

more at ease than before. After they had 
sat for a time and conversed upon food and 
clothes and other fashionable topics, she be- 
came despondent and asked the seal if they 
could ever leave the iceberg alive. 

" That depends entirely upon you," he 
answered. ** If you consent to marry me 
we shall be rescued at once. Otherwise we 
perish." 

** Marry a seal ! " exclaimed the Society 
Belle, ** who ever heard of such a thing? " 

** But I am more than a seal. I am a seal 
with a whole coat of arms and a crest. You 
behold in me a prince." 

*' So much the worse," said she. ** I 
should hate to live in poverty." 

** I am not the usual prince of commerce. 
I am wealthy." 

** Oh, well, that's different ; but what sort 
of a man are you when you are not a seal ?" 

** I am a widower," he answered. ** I was 
turned into a seal because I murdered my 
wife. I am a great club man and very 
sporty, rather brutal perhaps at times, but 
that is only when I am sober. And I play 
ecart^ like an angel ; also baccarat. In fact, 
I am just the sort of a man the average 
maiden falls in love with at first sight." 



5 6 THE BELLE AND THE SEAL. 

" How interesting ! " exclaimed the 
Society Belle. " I love you already. Take 
me. I am yours." 

And even as she spoke the iceberg began 
to change its shape, becoming narrower, like 
the deck of a steamer, and in another 
moment they found themselves upon a 
beautiful yacht, steaming rapidly for 
Europe. The prince, who was a handsome, 
dissipated looking man, with good features 
and no expression, stood proudly beside the 
belle and clasped her to his chest. 

They soon reached land, where they were 
married with great pomp and ceremony, and 
lived unhappily ever afterward. 



Jonathan was beloved of Dorothy and 
Dorothy was the girl who occupied the 
whole of Jonathan's heart. But marriage 
was not for them, as they were both too 
poor. No one else in the little village 
having been sanctified by wealth they failed 
to realize the vulgarity and sinfulness of 
poverty. Jonathan, however, knew there 
were innumerable dollars in the outside 
world and he decided to try and gather a 
few. So when he was twenty-one he said 
good-by to his family and friends, and there 
was a sad parting with the tearful Dorothy. 
He tried hard to persuade her that it was 
all for the best. " I don't believe in waiting 
for Fortune to begin the flirtation," hesaid; 
" she doesn't seem to be headin' for this vil- 
lage, and, if the old girl's got anything forme, 
I'll jest hunt her up and give her a show." 



THE LOVER. 



And away he went. 

Dorothy never realized until after his 
departure what a vast gap he filled in nature. 
She now saw how foolish and incomplete 
creation was without him. 

As for Jonathan he tramped patiently 
along for about a week until he came to the 
suburbs of a tremendous city. As he passed 
along he was surprised to see twelve aristo- 
cratic young gentlemen sitting upon a curb- 
stone. Some were weeping, sonne were 
cursing, and some were despairing silently. 
All being fashionably dressed and seemingly 
prosperous, his curiosity was aroused and 
he said to them: 



6o THE LOVER. 

"What's the row?" 

" Mind your own business, Country," an- 
swered one of the youths, and they all  
frowned upon him as if annoyed by his pre- 
sumption. Jonathan said nothing, and con- 
tinued his journey into the city. As it was 



now about noontime, he sat upoii a bench 
in the park to eat his dinner. He had just 
begun the frugal meal when he was joined 
by twelve hornets who also sat on the seat 
beside him. They seemed a friendly band 
and soon opened a conversation. Jonathan 
found them intelligent and well-bred hor- 
nets. He gave them some of the maple 
sugar he was eating and they relished it and 
partook very freely. 



THE TWELVE HORNETS, 6i 

" I never tasted such maple sugar/' said 
Ohlstingum, the leader, ** and we are much 
indebted to you. If we can serve you in 
any way, let us know.*' 

Just then another group of young men, 
fashionably dressed but broken-hearted, 
came walking by. Then Jonathan said to 
the hornets : 

" Can you tell me why the young men in 
this town are so sorrowful ? " 

** Why, haven't you heard of Para Liza ?" 
exclaimed all the hornets in surprise. Then 
Ohlstingum told him of the beautiful damsel 
whose spell no mortal could resist. To see 
her was to love her, and the coolest heads 
were intoxicated by a single glance from her 
eyes or the first words from her tongue. 

** But no man can marry her," said Offle 
Hottend, one of the younger hornets, " un- 
less he brings her a fortune from the en- 
chanted Garden of Zpek. And here she 
comes now, with her father, the haughty 
banker ! Don't look that way or you may 
fall beneath the spell! " 

But Jonathan had already looked. His 
senses reeled and wavered in a drunken ec- 
stasy as he gazed upon her face. He arose 
and stood before her. When her eyes met 



52 THE TWELVE HORNETS. 

his — and her eyes were limpid lakes of pas- 
sion that meant a thousand things no words 
could utter— his sonl was flooded with their 
beauty. He felt within 
him the kindling of 
consuming fires whose 
torture was a burning 



joy. Almost involuntarily he threw himself 
upon his knees and had begun an excited 
declaration of his love, when the haughty 
banker interrupted him : 

" Say no more, young man. He who 
weds my daughter must first bring a fortune 
from the Garden of Zpek." 

Then he led her away. But she turned 



THE TWELVE HORNETS, (>2> 

and gave Jonathan a glance that sent hot 
thrills a-coursing diagonally up his spine. 
The father and daughter disappeared around 
a turn in the walk leaving him upon his 
knees in the gravel, the hot thrill dying 
gently away among the roots of his hair. 

He was recalled to himself and his un- 
dignified position by a suppressed chuckle 
from the hornets. 

**You must pardon our levity/* said 
Ohlstingum, " but not being human it is 
difficult for us to thoroughly appreciate your 
position and feelings. That the old gentle- 
man should insist upon the fortune is only 
natural, as his finances are a little dizzy just 
at present." 

"Very likely,*' replied Jonathan, "but I 
shall believe no ill of the daughter. Good- 

by." 

"Where away?** cried all the hornets. 

"To the enchanted Garden of Zpek,*' said 
Jonathan, and he started off. But the hor- 
nets flew after him and kept him company, 
exhorting him to throw aside his folly. 
They assured him that where one succeeded 
hundreds failed ; that if the fever of Zpek 
once seized upon him he would never re- 
cover; that the soil of the garden was rich 



64 THE TWELVE HORNETS. 

with the blood of its victims. But Jona- 
than's brain was dancing with a woman's 
beauty and he had no use for reason, or for 
hornets. 

** Then let us go with you," said OfHe 
Hottend. *' I was a broker once and we 
can give you points. And, when hornets 
give points, it means business,** and he 
chuckled at his little joke. 

Dorothy about this time was very blue. 
She was beginning to realize the possibility 
of Jonathan*s loving some woman more 
beautiful than herself, and she shed silent 
tears upon the flowers as she watered them. 
Also, one or two fell from her lashes into the 
piecrust she was kneading in the kitchen. 

Jonathan, on the following morning, 
traveled two miles southward through the 
great city to the enchanted regions of Zpek. 
But on arriving he felt very much like turn- 
ing back, for the garden was filled with bulls 
and bears and shouting men, all crazy with 
excitement. About him the ground was 
thickly strewn with bones of innumerable 
victims, but he boldly started in. Bleating 
lambs frisked gaily by him, hurrying to their 
doom, and, later on, their plaintive bah-bahs 
pierced his soul as they yielded up their 



THE ENCHANTED GARDEN OF ZPEK. 65 

fleeces. Wild, shabby looking men, who 
had lost all they once possessed, were 
hurrying aimlessly about, having nothing to 
plant, but fascinated by the excitement of 
the garden. The trusty hornets guided him 
to a spot where the soil seemed promising, 
and there he planted the only gold piece he 
possessed. Within a minute it began to 
sprout. He watched it in a fever of anxiety. 
Up it grew and soon began to throw out 
little white rectangular leaves. These leaves 
were covered with cabalistic inscriptions 
which enabled the owner to transform them 
into gold at his pleasure. Noisy bulls and 
bears tried hard to interfere, and more than 
once he thought the enterprise was ruined, 
but the hornets always diverted them by 
skillful applications of their cruel weapons. 
Swiftly grew the plant and many were the 
leaves. At the proper moment, when they 
were fully developed and would lose their 
value if left longer on the branches, Jona- 
than plucked them all and hastened from 
the garden. Some bears came very near 
upsetting him, but the faithful hornets again 
saved the treasure by their hot attentions. 
The shorn lambs and half-demented men who 
hovered around the outskirts of the garden 



66 THE ENCHANTED GARDEN OF ZPEK. 

looked enviously upon him as he hurried 
away, his hands and pockets Btled with the 
gold-bearing leaves. Jonathan was now 
enormously rich. 

Although he marched swifty along, accom- 
panied by Ohlstingum and the other hornets, 



the city he saw the wealthy banker, his daz- 
zling daughter by his side, standing on the 
marble steps of his mansion. The scornful 
expression had left his mouth and in its place 
was a welcoming smile. 



THE ENCHANTED GARDEN OF ZPEK. 67 

" Enterprising young man," he said, reach- 
ing forth his hands, " you shall now marry 
ray daughter." 

"On the contrary," replied Jonathan,"! 
shall now marry a girl whose love for rae 
bears no relation to treasures from Enchant- 
ed Gardens." As he spoke he kept his eyes 
away from Para Liza for fear of again yield- 
ing to the spell. The banker clenched his 
fist, and a fierce anger shot from his eyes. 

"And as for re-establishing old gentlemen 
in business," continued Jonathan, " it is more 




68 THE ENCHANTED GARDEN OF ZPEK, 

seemly that I should assist my own father 
than lavish my fortune upon strangers of 
uncertain reputation." Then, bowing polite- 
ly, he turned and strode away. 

• • • • • 

When Dorothy saw Jonathan coming she 
ran to meet him with a cry of joy, leaving a 
scorching flat-iron upon her father's Sunday 
bosom. 

They were soon after married and lived 
happily together in wealth and luxury. 



When Complacency and the East Wind 
were married they built a village on Massa- 
chusetts Bay and christened it the Hub of the 
Universe. Their descendants are countless, 
all possessing, in varying degrees, the charac- 
teristics of their ancestors. But, of them all, 
none inherited their peculiar qualities in richer 
fullness than Priggie, the heroine of this tale. 
She was the perfect type ; the development 
in full flowers. 

One day, manyyears ago, as she was stroll- 
ing along the Beverly shore, reflecting sadly 
upon the unconventionality of the ocean, 
and the general abandon and impropriety of 
Nature, she was observed by two fairies, 
who, disguised as sand pipers, were strolling 
about the beach. 

" No mistaking ivere she's from," remarked 
one of the sand pipers. 



W/^K THE OCEAN IS COLDER. 



"Could anybody want to marry her?" 
said the other. 

" Possibly." 

"I don't believe it." 

"Well, let's try. Here's a man coming. 
We'll hypnotize him and have some fun!" 

He was a Young Man from the West. 
When they cast their spell upon him, which 



IV^y THE OCEAN IS COLDER. 71 

was a very strong one, it worked with aston- 
ishing quickness. He gaaed rapturously 
upon the maiden ; then, after a moment's 
indecision, he approached her hastily, yet 
timidly, and with quaking knees. Remov- 
ing his hat he bowed, blushed and stam- 
mered, but could find no words to express 
his iove. 

Priggie was shocked beyond expression 
at being addressed by a stranger. Her thin 
lips grew thinner, and her eyes shot forth 
a freezing light that pierced the very mar- 
row of his spine. An icy numbness crept 
upward to his brain. Like a frozen image 
he fell upon the sand. The fairies darted 
to his side and used all their magic to re- 
vive him. He soon recovered, and when 
he stood up and looked about him his love 

. />- 









72 ICJ/y THE OCEAN IS COLDER. 

returned, and, before the fairies could re- 
strain him, he hurried after the vanished 
Priggie. She had rounded a point not far 



away, and for a moment he feared he had 

lost her. Seeing a gentleman seated upon 

a rock, he said : 

" Have you seen her ? " 

" Seen whom ?" 

" The loveliest woman in the world !" 

" I may i»ave seen her, but 'twas years 

ago, and fuither South." 

" No, no ! I mean now, within a minute ! " 
" My friend," said the gentleman, " be 

calm, and describe this lady, for I have seen 

several, and know not which of them you 

mean." 



lV//y THE OCEAN IS COLDER. 73 

"She has a face of intoxicating beauty/* 
explained the Young Man from the West; 
"eyes that fill the soul with Heaven and 
Hell at once ; her eyes are to the eyes of 
other women as diamonds are to dirt. Her 
hair is a golden dream ; her voice — her voice 
I have never heard, but her figure is a rav- 
ishment to the senses, a bewildering dream 
of grace. Have you seen her?" 

" No, I have not seen her. I passed a girl 
a moment ago, but it was quite another. 
She had a pinched-up, snobby face: was dis- 
tinctly uninteresting, and without a particle 
of style. There she is now, standing on the 
cliff." 

The Young Man from the West, who had 
not listened to the last few words, ex- 
claimed: 

"Ah! 'tis she!** and hurried in that 
direction. Throwing himself at her feet he 
cried: 

"Pardon me, oh, beautiful angel; but I 
love you more than all in life. I ** 

" Stop, you unconventional horror," said 
Priggie in a dry, well regulated voice. 
Priggie*s words were always carefully ar- 
ticulated. " Do you realize your presump- 
tion? Are you aware that you address a 



74 JV//V THE OCEAN IS COLDER. 

Tchilli-Znubbha ? Do you forget that my 
mother was an Offulznobb." 

" Oh, I don't mind that ! '' he cried, " if 
I may only love you ! '* 

" Don't mind that ! *' whispered Priggie 
as she tottered backward, with her hand to 
her forehead. ** Gracious Heaven ! can such 
ignorance obtain ! ** Then she repeated 
this couplet: 

O Allah, whoabidest in the Hub of the Universe ! 
Pardon the unpardonable ignorance of this kneeling 

thing. 
Tho* immeasurably beneath us in the scale of Nature, 
Smite him not. His ignorance of holy things is 
His misfortune, not his fault. 

Then, gazing pityingly upon him, she 
said : 

** Young man, know you not that the 
blood of the Pursyprouds and the Hev- 
vistiles, runs in my veins ; that I am con- 
nected by marriage with the Pompusprigs, 
the Ha-Ha-Bloos, the Ho-Ho-Bloods, and 
with all the first families of the Hub ? *' 

The young man answered, *' These things 
scare me not. I love you for what you are. 
No taint of blood can turn aside my love ! " 

Priggie looked upon him with dilated 



WHY THE OCEAN IS COLDER. 75 

eyes, then gasped and swooned away. Be- 
fore he could catch her, she fell to the earth. 
He raised her head gently in his arms, and 
finding her lips so near his own he put a 
burning kiss upon them. Priggie jumped 
up as though a bee had stung her. Spring- 



ing to her feet she drew her hand across her 
mouth as if to cast away the profanation, 
then muttered with a look of horror: 

" Held in his arms, and kissed by a 
stranger ! What death too sudden ? What 
grave too deep?" Then, in a lower tone: 
" The worst of it is we have been ob- 
served ! " Readjusting her hat and hair, she 
cast a scornful look upon the Young Man 
from the West, walked stifHy to the edge of 
the cliff, and stepped over the edge. The 



76 fVHY THE OCEAN IS COLDER. 

waves closed above her and that was the last 
of Priggie. The same sea waslied the edges 
of the Hub, and, therefore, knew it was more 
comme U faut to retain the body than to cast 
it ashore and create a scene. And ever 
since that day the waters of this north shore 
have been colder than at other places along 
the American coast. 

It is of no importance what became of the 
Young Man from the West. 



and TKe Usual 




One Autumn morning as Katzwynk, a 
benevolent but quick-tempered brownie, re- 
clined half asleep in the hollow of a pumpkin, 
he was aroused by the yelping of a dog as 
if in great pain. Looking in that directions 
he saw the dog was receiving some very 
energetic kicks from an irascible haymaker. 
With every blow the shrinking dog cried 
aloud with pain, and with each kick the hay- 
maker shouted, **Shut up!" which was, of 
course, a difficult thing to do under the cir- 
cumstances. The dog all the time kept his 
eyes imploringly upon his master as if he 
ought at least to know the reason of his 
punishment. 

Katzwynk was disgusted with the man's 
brutality and, before realizing the impor- 
tance of the act, had skipped up to them, 
tapped each with his finger, and changed 
one into the other. 

Then away he flew. 

Several months passed by, and when he 
saw them again he was surprised at the re- 

77 



A VEHAGE DOG AND USUAL MAN. 



suits of his deed. The dog, who was now 
a man, had retained his own nature and 
became a trusty and lovable companion. 
He was a friend to whose fidelity and devo- 
tion there was absolutely no limit. It was 
refreshing to see a human being with a dog's 
dignity and forbearance. The man, on the 
contrary, who was now the dog, looked 
sharply after his own interests, snubbed the 
unfortunate dogs, and toadied the lucky 
ones, and cared little for his master or his 



A VERAGE dog and usual man. 79 



master's household ; was often fretful and 
suspicious, his amiability depending appar- 
ently upon the state of his digestion. More- 
over he was always ready to yield to any 
temptation that would promote his personal 
comfort or prosperity. 

When Katzwynk came to know all this he 
related the facts of the case to the King and 
Queen of the fairies, and urged them to 
change all men into dogs and all dogs into 



AVERAGE DOG AND USUAL MAN. 
_, f men; because, as he araued. 



AVERAGE DOG AND USUAL MAN. 8i 

The Queen was enthusiastic over the 
scheme, but the King hesitated. He finally 
said: "The results of such a course would 
undoubtedly elevate the human race, but it 
is too important a step to take hastily. We 
will begin by transforming only those who 
are unkind to their dogs.** 

So the decree went forth, and became a 
custom. 

There are, of course, cases where a dog is 
maltreated and the transformation does not 
take place, but that is only when the fairies 
are unaware of it. 

So whenever you encounter a dog that is 
selfish, untrustworthy, and suspicious, you 
may be sure that he was once a man. 

And those simple, unassuming men, whom 
you can trust with safety, are generally pure 
dog, with no taint of humanity. 



apartment were swung open by uti- 



THE LUCKLESS PRINCE, «3 

seen hands and a tiny phaeton came rolling 
toward him. It was drawn by four bob-tailed 
squirrels, driven by a radiant fairy scarcely a 
foot high, but whose garments were of the 
latest Parisian style. As she drew up before 
the prince she nodded jauntily and said : 
** My off leader is a balker or I should have 
been here sooner. What's the matter now ? 
the old trouble? Need a whole raft of 
shekels this time, eh ? *' 

"Yes,** said the prince, **and more than I 
can possibly raise." 

"You must marry 'em.** 

*' But none of the rich girls will do it. 
They all know me.** 

" Marry an American. They swallow any- 
thing with a title. Say the word, old boy, 
and I'll see you through." 

*' The best idea yet ! '* exclaimed the 
prince. "I'll do it.** 

"Good boy!'* said the fairy. "Next 
time you want me, play on this,** and, toss- 
ing him a golden jewsharp, she touched the 
bob-tailed squirrels and whirled out of the 
castle. 

Six months afterward as he sat by him- 
self in the diminutive solitude of his bed- 
room, at an American summer hotel, he 



^4 THE LUCKLESS PRINCE, 

took the golden jewsharp from his trousers 
pocket and tried to play upon it. The noise 
caused the machine-made door to open as if 
by magic, and again the little fairy drove 
swiftly into the room. This time she was 
in a golden dog-cart, drawn by two exqui- 
site black and tans, less than six inches high. 
She drove tandem. 

" I have tried my best,*' said the prince, 
" but I can't do it. When I meet a girl I am 
willing to marry, the parents object ; and 
when the parents are willing, the girl is a 
terror." 

The fairy laughed. 

** Then, as a rule, you don't fancy Ameri- 
can girls?" 

** Not for matrimony," said the prince. 
" But they are good fun for a summer flirta- 
tion." 

"Don't you like their gentle voices," said 
the fairy, with a mischievous look; "their 
retiring manners, useful educations, and in- 
expensive tastes ? " 

The prince shuddered. " I hear their 
voices now," he said, "like knives in my 



ears. 



But the fairy became serious and argued 
with him long and earnestly, finally impress- 



THE LUCKLESS PRINCE, 85 

ing upon him the necessity of preserving the 
ancestral castle. The result was that the 
prince promised to try again, and he soon 
after married an heiress, enormously rich in 
her own right, whose parents were both dead. 
She was a little older than was really neces- 
sary, but her clothes were above criticism. 
She had only been engaged three or four 
times before meeting the prince, which, con- 
sidering her nationality, was rather unusual. 
But in spite of all this the prince had a 
secret contempt for her, and when it was 
necessary for him to make love, he would 
remember the glorious old castle her money 
was to save. 

Now, the prince, although possessed of 
no unusual sense of humor, was playing an 
excellent joke upon himself. He had neg- 
lected, perhaps forgotten, in describing the 
ancestral residence, to tell her of his finan- 
cial condition. One day, soon after their 
wedding, she came to him with a document 
in her hand and said, with an anxious face, 
" If I should lose my fortune, Princey dear, 
would you still love me just as much?*' 
Now the prince knew this was an old device, 
so he drew her passionately to him and said 
with a tear in his voice : 



86 THE LUCKLESS PRINCE, 

" If your love, darling, is as great as mine, 
there could be no place in your heart for 
suspicion/ 

"You make me very happy/* she said, 
" and lift a great weight from my heart. It 
is very lucky for us, dearest, that you are 
rich yourself. I ought to have told you 
earlier, perhaps, that papa left a clause in 
his will saying that if I married a foreigner 
my share of the estate should go to my 
brother.** And as she spoke she showed 
him the document, and so it was written. 

The prince pushed her away and was 
about to give vent to his rage, when the 
door opened and the stylish fairy came 
prancing in upon a chestnut rabbit. " Hush !** 
she said, raising her tiny riding whip in the 
air, " No abuse ! You have each deceived 
the other in a loathsome fashion and you 
shall both be punished.'* So saying, she 
waved her whip toward the prince, and he 
was imimediately transformed into a yellow 
Skye. Then she turned to the princess and 
changed her into a Persian cat, saying : 

" Every other day you shall be the dog 
and the prince shall be the cat. Away !" 

And the dog flew at the cat, and chased it 
out into the world, and they are still after 



THE LUCKLESS PRINCE. 87 

each other. So whenever you see a Skye 
terrier chasing a Persian cat you may know 
who they are; but which is the prince and 
which the princess, is known only to the 
styhsh fairy. 



THE ADVENTURES OF TWO 
CRIMINALS. 

nky was a bad boy and his dog 

I bad dog. Their manners, 
lorals, and antecedents were 
.1 bad. Hunky's father had 
een hanged for murder and 
is mother, at the time of this 
story, was residing in a pub- 
lic institution as a common 
drunkard. 

Grips, although he looked 
like a bull dog, was of varied 
and confusing ancestry. His 
expression was blas^ and dissipated. 

Both Hunky and Grips had brusque, 
unvarnished manners, ugly faces, crooked 
legs, and hoarse voices. Their past experi- 
ence was such as to make them suspicious 
of everything except each other. Hunky 
had inherited several tendencies that were 
actively discouraged by the police; but 
crime possessed no terrors for Grips and 
he had stuck by him through thick and 
thin. Hunky was a liar and a thief. Grips 
was a thief and a bully ; with the power of 



ADVENTURES OF TWO CRIMINALS, 89 

speech he would probably have been a more 
expert liar than his master. 

One morning in May, when neither had 
eaten anything since the previous noon, 
they stopped in front of a grocer's just to 
look at the display and realize what fun 
there was in store for those who were to eat 
it. As an old gentleman, who happened to 
be beside him, took out a handful of money 
to pay for his purchases, Hunky*s empty 
stomach furnished him the courage for a 
daring deed. With his brain dazzled by the 
ice cream and cocoanut cakes those bills 
would buy, and the pounds of raw meat 
they would procure for Grips, he snatched 
them and darted away. As he rounded the 
nearest corner with the cry of " Stop thief ! ** 
in his ears, he ran straight into the arms of 
a policeman. In vain he struggled to get 
away. Grips realized the necessity of im- 
mediate action, and fastened himself with 
painful enterprise upon a tender portion 
of the public guardian. Swiftly were the 
fingers loosened from Hunky's collar; and 
the latter, knowing that Grips had always 
been able to look out for himself, vanished 
from the scene with the celerity and skill 
which are gained only by experience. The 



go ADVENTURES OF TWO CRIMINALS, 

report of a pistol, however, told him the 
worst had happened. 

He afterward got possession of the body 
and gave it a decent burial. In the soap 
box, which served as a coffin, he laid the 
stolen purse with its contents, so that Grips, 
in another world, might secure the nourish- 
ment he had so often missed in this one. 
As he was gently patting down the fresh 
earth upon the grave and making no efforts 
to suppress his grief, he heard someone 
say : 

** Phwat are yez that blue about ? *' 

Turning his head he saw beside him a 
strange little figure, too small even for a 
dwarf. 

" I am sorry about Grips.** 

" Phwat*s the matther wid him ? *' 

*' He*s dead.** 

"Begorra, that*s something!** said the 
little figure. 

" An* that aint the worst of it,** said 
Hunky, "for I want to foller him an* I 
dunno where he is.** 

" I wish I could tell yez,*' said the short 
one, ** but, bedad ! it*s a tough one ter 
answer. Howld on tho*, I have an idea. 
The head of the Church knows everything.** 



ADVENTURES OF TWO CRIMINALS. 9' 

And as Hunky 
watched him he grew 
taller and taller, his 
clothes became rich 
and ample, a tiara 
sprouted upon his .; 
head, and, lo ! he 
was a pope. Hunky 
had never seen a" 

pope before and was very much astonished. 
The pope laughed at his amazement and 
said: 

" We've got wisdom by the scruff o' the 
neck, now, be jabers ! Tell us about yer 
friend. Was he a Roman Catholic ?" 

" I dunno." 

"Yer dunno whether he belonged to. the 
Church or not? " 

" No. He didn't belong to nothin' — ex- 
cept me." 

" Did he never go to mass, or confess, 
or attind howly service, or any o' them 
things ? " 

"No." 

" Then it's a slim show for heaven he has, 
bad 'cess to him ! He's down below." 

"In hell?" 

*' Sure." 



92 ADVENTURES OF TWO CRIMINALS. 

" Good ! " said Hunky. 

" Then he was no friend to yez?" 

" Wasn't he though ! Only one I had. 
But I want ter foller him an' they'd nevei 
take me inter heaven." 

"Oi'm not sure o' that," said the pope; 
"children have a chance. But 1 have 
another idea, Oi'll excommunicate yez, 
and ye'll go to hell sure," 

So he excommunicated him, and then 
returned to his original shape. Hunky 
thanked him and they separated, each going 
his own way, 

Hunky had not traveled far before he 
met an old lady, with curls and spectacles, 
who asked him whither he was hurrying. 

'' I'm goin' ter hell," said Hunky, 

" Mercy on us ? " exclaimed the old lady 

as she threw up her hands, and quivered 

ement ; "What takes 

" My best friend has 
gone on ahead, an' I'm 
a hurryin' ter join 'im." 

" But how do you 
know he is there and 
not in heaven ?" 
' " He wasn't a Cath. 



ADVENTURES OF TWO CRIMINALS. 93 

olic,** said Hunky, " and it's only them as 
goes to heaven.** 

" Sakes alive ! ** gasped the old lady. 
" Is that official ? " 

"Straight from the pope," said Hunky, 
and he hurried on toward the river. As he 
ran out on the wharf he passed very near a 
barrel standing end up, on the top of which 
were four fairies playing poker. 

They all looked up as he came by, and 
asked what was the matter. 

" Tm a-goin* to join Grips,*' said Hunky. 

" Is he in the river? ** they all asked. 

" No ; he*s in hell.'* 

" I don't believe it," said one of the fairies, 
who was a Universalist ; ** There is no hell. 
It's your ante, Pinklegs." 

" Yes, there is," said Hunky, "and Grips 
IS m it. 

" He must have been a pretty tough 
character from your being so sure. Was he 
a murderer, or just a burglar ? ** 

"O' course he wasn't,** said Hunky. 

" Was he married ? " asked a very young 
fairy who had recently become engaged. 

" Oh, ya-a-s," said Hunky, in a sarcastic 
tone; "dogs is given tergitten married.*' 

" Oh, he was a dog, was he? *' they all ex- 



94 ADVENTURES OF TWO CRIMINALS. 

claimed, and thereupon lauglied hilariously, 
but all the time keeping on with the game. 
One of them, Beesbelly by name, lost his 
equilibrium in a fit of mirth and tumbled 
over backward. Being a fairy of great 
presence of mind, he 
turned quickly into a rub- 
ber ball when he felt him- 
self going and bounced 
harmlessly up again on 
striking the wharf. Re- 
suming his usual shape as 
he neared the top of the 
barrel on the return bound, 
slid back into his old seat, 
his cards and went on with 
the game as if no interruption 
had occurred. 

" Dogs have no souls," one of them ex- 
plained to Hunky. " When they are dead 
that's the end of 'em. They don't go any- 
where. Ten better, Bulby." 

"Grips was a special kind o' dog," said 
Hunky. " He must'er gone somewhere," 

" No. Dead dogs are dead, and that's 
the end of 'em." 

Hunky was so unhappy upon hearing this 
that the fairy felt a great pity for him, and 



ADVENTURES OF TWO CRIMINALS, 95 

as Hunky turned and walked dejectedly 
away, he cried out to him, "The first wish 
you utter shall be granted, so be careful ! " 

But Hunky was absorbed by his grief 
at the thought of never seeing his old pal 
again, and the world seemed such a deso- 
late blank without him, that he did not hear 
what the fairy had promised. In his loneli- 
ness and despair he curled up in a doorway, 
and pulling his cap over his eyes, muttered, 
" Wisht *er was dead." 

A few minutes later a little crowd gath- 
ered about the doorsteps as a policeman 
lifted in his arms the lifeless body of a 
ragged, red-headed urchin and bore it ten- 
derly away. 

There were echoes of distant music in 
the air when Hunky opened his eyes upon 
the golden glories about him. He stood 
among a group who, like himself, seemed 
just arrived, but all the others had happy 
faces as they gazed in wonder upon the 
splendors that encompassed them. 

Standing near him was an imposing per- 
sonage clad in white and gold. As he 
seemed to be one of the officers of the vast 
palace, Hunky went over to him and said : 
" Soy, Mister, what place is dis?" 



96 ADVENTURES OF TWO CRIMINALS. 

t the realms of eternal 

here I wanted to go." 
imposing personage 
down at him in sur- 

' I wanted to be with 
Grips." 

"Grips?" said the 
man in white, and 
then, as if trying 
to recall something: 
" Grips — Grips. Is 
that a dog? " 

"Yes, my dog," 
said Hunky. 

" I think he came 
this morning," said 
the man in white, and pointing down the hall 
said: "You see the fifth arch on the right 
with ruby columns and silver doors? Well, 
I saw him turn in there not ten minutes 
ago." 

Hunky started off on a run. Wlien he 
reached the fifth arch he looked through 
upon a beautiful garden, all gay with flowers 
and splashing fountains, and there, in a pen- 
sive attitude, was Grips, gazing listlessly 



ADVENTURES OF TWO CRIMINALS. 97 

upon the beauties beff '"'~ 

Hunky whistled; Gri 

started, turned his heac 

gave a cry of joy, then 

bounded over the 

grass as if shot from 

a cannon. He flew 

into Hunky's arms 

with such force as to 

knock him backward, 

and they rolled over 

and over amone the 

ers. Grips seemed era: 

joy. 

They never parted again and are still liv- 
ing happily together. 



Lotzofun's father was one of the most 
influential beetles in the vast garden where 
he resided. The son, also, could have been 
prosperous and respected if he had only 
behaved himself; but he was too fond of 
pleasure. When the beautiful Scarabella 
became his bride they had everj- prospect 
of a long and happy life. Scarabella's father 
gave them a flower-pot in the greenhouse 
for a winter residence, and in summer they 
occupied a pond lily on the neighboring 
lake. But they had been married a very 
short time when Lotzofun took to flying 
about after dark and being very attentive 
to the belles of the neighborhood. There 



THE DISSOLUTE BEETLE, 99 

was scarcely an attractive damsel of the 
beetle tribe for acres about to whom the 
festive Lotzofun had not whispered words 
of love. Night after night he would sit in 
the light of the moon with an arm about 
the waist of a beetle belle, ignoring his mar- 
riage vows and without a thought for the 
gentle Scarabella, who sat waiting for him 
at home. 

At other times, and at hours when order- 
loving bugs were sound asleep, he would 
join a gang of drunken revelers and make 
night hideous with his pranks. All this 
was very hard for Scarabella. She pleaded 
with him and beseeched him to mend his 
ways, but in vain. He became sullen and 
irritable when at home, and his beetle brows 
would darken at any suggestion of reform 
and early hours. 

One night, after sitting up for him until 
long after twelve o'clock, she went forth, as 
she had often done before, in the wild hope 
that she might find him and lead him home. 
A long time she wandered, but in vain, for 
the night was dark, the world was wide, and 
Lotzofun was wily. Weary and sad, she at 
last crawled under a strawberry leaf to rest 
her wings and have a gentle cry. The ger\^tle 



lOO THE DISSOLUTE BEETLE. 

cry had a soothing effect, for she soon fell 
asleep. Her nap was short. A very few 
moments had passed before she was awakened 
by the sound of voices coming from the 
upper side of the leaf above her head. 
From the words that reached her ear, it was 
very evident that two lovers were there, and 
very close together. Poor Scarabella re- 
called the happy hours that she and her 
once faithful adorer had spooned away in 
similar fashion. But it seemed unfair to be 
overhearing such a conversation, and she 
had just resolved to steal silently away, 
when the lover above raised his voice in an 
unusually passionate declaration of love, 
and it sent cold shivers up and down her 
diminutive spine. She listened again, and 
then was sure. Darting from beneath the 
leaf she turned about and faced them. In 
the dim light they seemed like one be- 
ing, so close were they together. But 
there he was, the faithless Lotzofun ! 

It was a lively and painful scene that fol- 
lowed. The lady on the leaf was shocked 
to find her lover married. Lotzofun was 
naturally embarrassed. 

As for Scarabella, she had suddenly de- 
veloped into a different creature. All gen- 



THE DISSOLUTE BEETLE. loi 

tieness and forbearance seemed to have 
gone forever. The explanations and prom- 
ises of Lotzofun were naturally of little 
value and produced no impression whatever. 



After a few emphatic remarks, all short and 
direct to the point, she turned her back and 
flew quickly away. She did not go home, 
but made straight for the spacious crack 
under the Corinthian porch, where her 



I02 THE DISSOLUTE BEETLE. 

father resided, and gave him all the 

facts. 

The next morning there was a meeting of 
the leading beetles, 
I at which it was al- 

I most unanimously 

I resolved that Lotz- 

ofun should be for- 
mally drowned. He 
., had long been looked 
', -^ upon as a danger to 
the morals of the 
■■■^^^ community, and 

every father of a 
winsome daughter 
voted promptly for his death. At this 
dreadful sentence, however, ScarabeJla 
softened and begged piteousjy for his 
life. She entreated so earnestly and her 
grief was so heartrending that this wish was 
finally granted ; but they caused his wings 
to be treated by a neighboring wizard in 
such a manner that whenever he flew about 
after dark he shed a brilliant light. This 
was a happy idea, as it warned everybody of 
his approach and at tlie same time enabled 
Scarabella to hunt him up with less diffi- 
culty. He reformed after this and they 



THE DISSOLUTE BEETLE. 103 

lived happily togctlier, and had innumerable 
children, all of whom inherited the illumi- 
nating qualities of their father. 

So when you see them darting about of 
a summer's night, you will easily recognize 
them as the descendants of Lotzofun. 



THE ENCHANTED PORTRAIT. 

Far away in the State of Maine, there 
stands a fine old colonial mansion. It is 
out of repair now, but you can see what a 
pleasant home it must have been for Hester, 
the little girl who formerly dwelt there. 
When her parents died, the old house and 
all it contained was sold to strangers. 
Everything went to pay her father's debts, 
but of all the heirlooms, the one she most 
regretted to part with was the full-length 
portrait of an ancestor in Continental uni- 
form. Hester always regarded the old 
General with the deepest affection, and it 
seemed to her that he never failed to return 
her glances with a jovial smile. His face 
was round and rosy, and it was evident from 
his mellow eye and cheerful nose that he 
and port had been the fastest friends. He 
must have been an important personage, if 
one could judge by his blue and buflf coat 
with gold facings. One hand was on the 
hilt of his sword, the other held a folded 
paper, and Hester used to wonder what was 
written on it. But the rosy General was 
sold with everything else. 

104 



I- « 



THE ENCHANTED PORTRAIT. 107 

The distant relatives with whom Hester 
went to live as governess resided in the 
golden city of Manhattan. They were very 
wealthy and received her as cordially as the 
immeasureable social gulf between them 
would permit. 

Now a great surprise was in store for 
Hester. The day after her arrival she had 
occasion to enter the palatial drawing room 
of her new home, and there, to her amaze- 
ment and joy, she saw the old General on the 
wall. She was very happy and at once felt 
more at home. But the General seemed 
to have changed since last they met. She 
noticed that his eyes, instead of meeting hers 
with the old-time smile, looked coldly over 
her head and with a much less amiable ex- 
pression. She soon found, however, that 
when they were alone he beamed pleasantly 
upon her, but immediately resumed his 
haughty and far-away look when any of the 
^ family entered the room. The only reason 
she could think of for such conduct was that 
he objected to being taken for an ancestor of 
the family, although as a family they were 
aristocratic enough for any ancestor. They 
wallowed in style and were reeking with 
fashion. For all that is pompous and hollow 



io8 THE ENCHANTED PORTRAIT. 

they had a deep and honest reverence. But 
this was not true of the eldest son, whose 
simple tastes and honest instincts were a per- 
petual mortification to his mother. He also 
had the good taste to fall deeply in love with 
Hester the first time they met. 

On Christmas eve there was a great dinner 
at the house, and all the members of this 
complacent family were there, and, also, sev- 
eral others related to them by marriage ; 
and even others who were not related. But 
all were prosperous and comnie il faut^ and 
absolutely correct in manner and deportment 
according to the latest information from 
abroad. Consequently they were startingly 
original and interesting. After dinner the 
eldest son followed Hester into the library, 
and when he asked her to be his wife she 
could not say him nay, for her heart was 
already his. As the library was dimly 
lighted, they observed the ceremonies that 
usually attend occasions of this nature ; after 
which he led her into the palatial drawing 
room where all the family and guests were 
assembled. Then he announced the good 
tidings. All eyes were fixed upon them and 
it was a very embarrassing moment for 
Hester. After her lover had made the 



THE ENCHANTED PORTRAIT. 



THE ENCHANTED PORTRAIT. 



announcement there was a chilling silence. 
Her embarrassment became an agony, and 
she tottered and nearly sank to the floor 
when the haughty father said slowly, with a 
contemptuous expression : 



THE ENCHANTED PORTRAIT. Iii 

** Never, with my consent, shall you marry 
one so far beneath you." 

Then the outraged mother, her face flushed 
with anger, exclaimed : 

** Never, with my consent, shall you dis- 
grace your family by such a misalliance ! '* 

By this time all the mothers of marriage- 
able sons had fixed their despising gaze 
angrily upon the blushing girl. The hot 
blood rushed to her face. Her knees were 
bending beneath her and the whole room 
began to swim about, when she was recalled 
to consciousness by an astounding sight. 
As her appealing eyes sought instinctively 
those of her old friend on the wall, she saw 
him turn his eyes toward the wealthy parents 
and reach forth his hand. To the wonder- 
ment of all present he stepped from his 
gilded frame upon the sofa beneath him and 
then to the floor. 

" A disgrace to your family, I under- 
stand ? ** he said, with a contemptuous smile. 
Then approaching the trembling maiden, he 
placed in her hand the paper he had guarded 
for so many years. 

" As my rightful heir and only relative I 
give you this, and with it my blessing.'* 
Turning to the erstwhile haughty but now 



THE ENCHANTED PORTRAIT 113 

mortified parents, and pointing to the 
empty picture frame, he said : 

" Allow me to present to you the real 
founder of your house." 

And there in the gilded frame stood a 
vulgar, hardfaced man, shabbily dressed, 
and with no dignity in his bearing. 

When the eyes of the astonished com- 
pany sought again the rosy General they 
sought in vain. He had vanished, and 
never more was he seen in that dwelling. 
The mysterious document proved to be 
the title to a rich estate, and Hester and 
her husband became at once enormously 
wealthy and lived happily together ever 
afterward. 

The rosy General^ followed them to their 
new house and always occupied the place 
of honor on the wall. 

No human power could remove the un- 
dignified progenitor from the palatial draw- 
ing room, and he stands there to this day. 
The house of course is deserted and filled 
with cobwebs, for no family with social am- 
bitions can associate on equal terms with 
such an ancestor. 






\ 



/"t^ 



