wm 



university of 

Connecticut 

libraries 




5 

td 



OLD ENGLISH FAIRY TALES 



OLD 
ENGLISH FAIRY TALES 



COLLECTED BY 



S. BARING GOULD, M.A. 

AUTHOR OF "mEHALAH" " THE TRAGEDY OF THE CAESARS ' 
"old COUNTRY life" ETC. 



ILLUSTRATED BY F. D. BEDFORD 



METHUEN & CO. 

36 ESSEX STREET, W. C. 

LONDON 

1895 




7- 




PREFACE 



It has been to me a matter of surprise that no 
collection has been made and adapted to the reading 
of children of the old delightful English folk tales 
and traditionary stories that exist, scattered up and 
down in all manner of places. 

We have had for their delectation numerous 
editions of the French tales of Perault and the 
Countess D'Aulnoy, and the German stories ot 
Grimm, but our own native springs have been 
neglected. There is a singular perversity in the 
English character — that it will seek abroad, and 
and value what is foreign, and neglect and disparage 
what is native. This, which has blighted our drama, 
our music, our architecture, affects even our nursery 
literature. Recently, indeed, Mr. Jacobs has issued 
his English Fairy Tales in two volumes, — a first and 
second series, — but he has taken mostly modern 
folk tales, and he has not gone to the ancient sources, 
whence may be drawn some of the best old English 
fairy tales. I now give English children an instal- 

5 



Preface 

ment of seventeen, and two that are Welsh, told in 
my own way, and in most cases expanded, as 
I have seen fit. The bare bones that I have 
attempted to reclothe with flesh are accessible 
to antiquaries and bibliographers. I give them 
references where to find these. But this book is 
not written for them, but for children, be it well 
understood ; and it is written by one who as a 
a child was greedy after fairy tales, and is not 
ashamed to add, loves them dearly still. If I have 
woven two and even more tales into one, or in- 
troduced episodes from others, then I have used that 
licence which belongs to every old woman who tells 
stories to children. The incidents in fairy tales are 
like kaleidoscopic particles, ever entering into new 
combinations. If English children like native-grown 
tales, then let me assure them the spring is not 
exhausted ; I have more wherewith to supply them. 

S. BARING GOULD. 

Lew Trenchard, N. Devon. 



CONTENTS 



I. CATSKIN . 
II. THE GARDENER PRINCE . 
III. THE GOLDEN BULL 
IV. SOUTHERNWOOD . 
V. THE shepherd's DAUGHTER 
VI. THE TURKEY FACTOR 
VII. THE UNDUTIFUL DAUGHTER 
VIII. THE SHEPHERDS OF SALISBURY PLAIN 
IX. KING HORN 

X. HAVELOCK AND ARGENTILE 
XI. THE MAN WITH THE BELL 
XII. CADWALLON 
XIII. THE STORY OF KING EDMUND 
XIV. DESIDERATUS 
XV. SIR GREY, SIR GRAHAM, AND SIR GREYSKIN 
XVI. ROBERT THE EVIL 
XVII. THE CROWN OF WHITE ROSES , 
XVIII. THE BADGER IN THE BAG 
XIX. THE FOUR FRIENDS 



39 

61 

Si 

103 

123 

141 

159 
177 
195 
217 

235 
253 
^11 
293 
313 
351 

387 



SUBJECTS OF ILLUSTRATIONS 



I. Catskin — 

Catskin dressing in the barn for the ball . .12 

II. The Gardener Prince — 

Oriol dissuading Marcella from plucking the rose . 43 

III. The Golden Bull — 

The Princess steps out of the Golden Bull and con- 
fronts the three ladies of the court . . .60 

IV. Southernwood— 

Southernwood discovers the true Reeve of Lynn, when 

in search of the golden ball . . . .80 

V. The Shepherd's Daughter— 

Sweetpea follows William to London for justice for 

the loss of her sheep, which his dog has slain . 102 

VI. The Turkey Factor— 

The Old Grey Man of the Sea . . . .131 

VII. The Undutiful Daughter— 

The undutiful daughter has her fortune told by the 

witch of Norwood ..... 140 

VIII. The Shepherds of Salisbury Plain— 

Raymond as a shepherd and Imogen as a shep- 
herdess . . . . . .15^ 

9 



Subjects of Illustrations 



IX. King Horn— 

Horn, disguised as a palmer, takes his place among the 

beggars at the gate . . . . " . 187 

X. Havelock and Argentile — 

Argentile wakes to see flames issuing from Havelock's 

mouth ...... 203 

XI. The Man with the Bell — 

The old man with the bell . . . .219 

XII. Cadwallon — 

Brian hides the brazen horse with boughs, and sets out 

for York as a beggar .... 246 

XIII. The Story of King Edmund — 

Thora feeds the little snake with milk . . . 255 

XIV. Desideratus— 

Desideratus discovers the fair maid filling the golden 

bowls ...... 272 

XV. Sir Grey, Sir Graham, and Sir Greyskin — 

Sir Greyskin conquers Sir Graham . . . 292 

XVI. Robert the Evil — 

Robert, in the garden, hears a voice from heaven, and 

Starts at the appearance of the horse and armour . 312 

XVII. The Crown of White Roses — 

The mason's wife leads the nobleman to the trap door, 

through which he disappears . . . 357 

xviii. The Badger in the Bag 

Powel leaves his knights in the orchard, and, clad as a 

beggar, sets out for the palace . . . 366 

xix. The four Friends — 

Wall, son of Clud, studying the Black Art . . 386 

10 



I 

CATSKIN 



A WEALTHY nobleman had a wife whom he loved 
well. He was most ambitious to have a son to 
whom he could leave his name and his titles. But 
the first child given him was a daughter. 

He bore his disappointment as best he might. 
" Let us hope," said he, " that the next will be a 
boy." 

After about a twelvemonth he had another child, 
and again it was a girl. He was now very irritated, 
and his wife could not get him out of his sorr}' 
temper. He used bad words. " If," said he, " the 
next that comes be a girl, I will turn her out of the 
house." 

A year passed, and then the nobleman's wife had 
another baby, and again it was a girl. 

He was so angry that he would not look at it, 
and his wife had the greatest difficulty in persuading 
him to keep the child at home. He only consented 
to do so in the hope that his next child might be a 



The Old English Fairv Tales 

boy. He used worse words than before. But one 
year passed, and then another, and then a third, and 
no other children arrived. So the nobleman became 
more morose, and showed great dislike to his 
youngest child, because she was a girl and not a 
boy. So from bad words he went to bad acts. He 
did not even kiss her, or speak to her kindly. 
Nevertheless, he provided that she should be well 
instructed, and he gave her dresses suitable to her 
rank. 

At a very early age he fulfilled his resolution to 
have her sent away. She was confided to one who 
had ever been a good friend to her mother in the 
country far away from home, and her father never 
went to see her, never seemed to care when was her 
birthday ; he regarded her as an encumbrance, for 
whom he was obliged to pay money to have her 
properly dressed and fed and educated. 

Now when to full stature 

This maiden was grown, 
And found from her father 

No love to her shown, 
She cried, " I no longer 

Will lie 'neath his frown : 
I'm resolved to travel 

The land up and down." 

Now hearken, good people, 
The cream of the jest. 

In what sort of manner 
This damsel was dressed. 

Of catskins she made her 
A garment all hair, 

The which for a covering- 
She daily did wear. 

14 



Catskin 

Her own rich attire, 

Her jewels beside, 
All up in a bundle 

Securely were tied. 
And seeking- her fortune 

Away did she fare, 
With cap all of catskins 

About her brown hair. 

Now she came, in this singular garment made all 
of catskins, after a long walk, to a castle gate near a 
town, and, being very weary, she seated herself on 
the steps of the castle gate. The time was winter, 
and the snow lay on the ground, and but for her 
warm dress of catskins she would have perished. 

The dogs barked furiously, and jumped snarling 
and snapping about her ; they thought she was some 
strange beast. 

Then the lady of the castle, hearing the noise, 
came to the door, and she ordered the dogs to be 
quiet. She wondered at seeing one dressed all in 
fur seated on the steps. The lady asked what 
manner of person or animal that was. Then the 
girl stood up and took off her cap, and her beautiful 
brown hair fell down over her shoulders, and the 
lady saw that this was no beast, but a girl. 

She said — 

"Whence comest thou, maiden, 

And what wouldst thou have?" 
She said, "A night's lodging- 

In your stable I crave." 
The lady said to her, 

"I grant your desire. 
Come into the kitchen, 

And stand by the fire." 
15 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Then she thanked the lady, 

She went with great haste, 
And there she was gazed on 

From highest to least. 
And being well warmed, 

Her hunger was great, 
They gave her a plate 

Of good porridge to eat. 

And then to an outhouse 

The damsel was led. 
Where soon in the fresh straw 

She made her a bed. 
And when in the morning 

The daylight she saw, 
Her gowns and her jewels 

She hid in the straw. 

Then the girl came into the kitchen, and asked if 
she might do some service there. 

The cook replied, that he would take her as a 
scullion, to wash up the dishes, and turn the spit, 
and brush out the ashes in the oven. 

"What sayest thou, maiden, 

Dost thou will to abide?" 
"With all my heart truly," 

To him she replied. 

The damsel wore only her habit made of catskins, 
and she spoke little or none, and would say nothing 
as to whence she came, nor what was her name. 
So the cook and the servants, and also the lord 
and his lady, called her by no other name than 
Catskin. 

Time passed, and Catskin worked hard in the 
kitchen, and was gentle and obedient and obliging. 

l6 



Catskin 

Now the lord of the castle had an only son, a 
tall and handsome young man, aged twenty, and he 
was wont to go a-hunting and to play bowls ; and 
Catskin often saw him, though he never noticed 
her. 

It fell out that the king came to the town, and 
there was accordingly much entertainment given to 
him, and the mayor and corporation announced 
that they would have three splendid balls in the 
Guild Hall on three consecutive nights for the 
entertainment of the king. The nobleman's son 
was invited, and prepared to go. 

Then Catskin plucked up courage, and said to 
the lady, " I pray you, madam, suffer me to go 
to the ball to-night ; I have worked hard for a 
twelvemonth and a day, and have had no holiday 
pleasure." 

When the lady heard this, she was very angry, 
and she had a ladle in her hand, and with it she 
struck the girl on the back with such force that 
she broke the ladle in two. Thereupon, crying, 
Catskin ran out of the kitchen, and hid herself in 
the barn. 

Presently she heard a sound outside, and, jumping 
forth, saw the young nobleman mount his horse to 
go away to the ball. 

Now one of the serving-men saw Catskin's face 
peeping out, so he ran and laid hold of her, drew 
her forth into the courtyard, and said to his master 
" See, sir ! here is the scullion girl — she has been 
crying that she would go to the ball." 
2 17 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Then the young man laughed, and said, "Catskin, 
will you dance with me ? " 

She answered, " Ah, sir, if it were to chance 
that I could get to the ball, indeed I would." 

" Be it so, Catskin ; I shall expect you.". 

Then, laughing heartily, he rode away. 

No sooner was he gone than Catskin put off her 
fur dress, washed herself, combed out her beautiful 
brown hair, that she wore under a cap from which 
hung seven cats' tails, and clothed herself in fine 
linen and lace, and a beautiful silken dress, the 
colour of the blue sky in spring, and she decorated 
her hair with daisies. And when thus dressed, she 
tripped away to the town, and was admitted into 
the great hall, and danced that evening with the 
young nobleman. 

He did not know who she was, but he thought 
that she was the most beautiful girl he had ever 
seen. 

"The dance being done, 

The young squire did say, 
* Fair lady, where live you ? 

Now tell me, I pray.' 
The answer she made him 

Was—" Sir, I will tell : 
At the sign of the Ladle 

That is broken, I dwell.'" 

Now, during the dance, very nimbly, Catskin 
slipped away, and hastened over the fields back to 
the castle, went into the barn, and threw off and 
concealed her silken dress. She covered herself 
again with catskins, and put over her hair the 
fur cap with the seven pussy-cat tails ; and was 

i8 



Catskin 

as comical an object as ever. Very soon also her 
face and hands were grimy, for the cook was going 
to bake, and he made her go into the oven, and 
brush out all the ashes that were there. You may 
believe me, there was great talk among the servants 
about the beautiful lady in the sky-blue silk who 
had danced at the ball. For there had been the 
serving-men of the young nobleman there, who had 
attended on the guests, and they told how their 
master had danced with this beautiful and unknown 
lady. 

Some laughed at Catskin and said to her, " Hey, 
Catskin ! how would you have liked to be there ? 
That would have been rare sport to see you with 
your cat tails flying about. I warrant the king 
would have led you out to dance the hay." ^ 

" Very like he would," answered Catskin. Whereat 
all fell a-laughing more loudly than ever. 

Then the noble mistress of the house came into 
the kitchen, and the girl went before her, and said, 
" Dear lady, may I attend the ball this night ? The 
servants say that the king will dance the hay with 
me if I go." Thereat the lady was so wroth and 
shamed at the foolishness of the scullion girl, that 
she caught up a skimmer and struck her on the 
back with it, and broke it in two. 

Catskin ran off crying, and hid in the straw, till 
she heard a stirring in the court, and she looked 
forth at the door, and saw that the young lord was 
mounting to ride to the ball. 

She was again noticed, and once more the serv'ing- 

^ An old English countrj' dance. 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

men drew her forth, crying and abashed, before their 
master; and they said to him, " See ! here is Catskin, 
who desires to dance with the king." 

" I will lay my life, Catskin," said the young man, 
" if you appear at the ball, the king will reckon it 
rare sport to dance a hay with you." 

Then he rode away, and laughed so long and so 
loud, that she could hear him laughing after he was 
out of her sight. 

So soon as she could hear no more of his 
laughter, then Catskin went back into the barn, she 
washed herself, combed out her beautiful hair, and 
she wove a wreath of lilies of the valley and put it 
on her head, and she dressed herself in finest linen 
and lace, and put over her a gown of green silk like 
the lawns in early May. 

And as she came forth from the barn, she heard 
all the bells of all the churches ringing, for that the 
king was passing through the streets going to the 
ball. So she hasted and reached the town, and fell 
in with the train of the king's court and entered the 
Guild Hall with his nobles and ladies, and when she 
came in, her beauty outshone that of all the ladies, 
and her dress was more lovely than that of any 
noble or his dame who was present. 

Now it happened that the king turned and saw 
this fair maid in grass - green gown with lilies of 
the valley on her head, and he at once came up to 
her and asked if he might open the ball with her, 
and dance a hay. Catskin was looked upon with 
envy and surprise by all the ladies, and they said to 
each other, " Who can this be ? " 

20 



Catskin 

Now the young nobleman was all impatience for 
the dance of the hay to be ended, that he might ask 
the unknown lady for her hand. 

As soon as he could, he went to her, and asked 
her to tread with him a galliard. And as they 
were dancing, he said, " Surely, fair damsel, you 
deceived me yesterday. I have been all over the 
town inquiring for the sign of the Broken Ladle, 
and have been assured there is none such. Tell 
me now, I pray thee, where thou dwellest." 

Then she answered, " I think, fair sir, you did not 
look near enough to home. If you desire to know 
my lodging, it is at the sign of the Broken Skimmer." 
Presently she slipped away, hurried home, hid in the 
barn, and took off her beautiful green gown. 

Next morning she appeared in her catskin dress 
as usual, with the cats' tails hanging about her ears, 
and, I warrant you, was soon dirty enough, for the 
cook gave her a muck-fork and bade her go and 
clean out the pigstyes. 

I warrant you, also, there was great talk among 
the servants that day about the strange lady with 
whom the king had opened the ball. 

And the cook laughed and said, " Heigh, Catskin ! 
I thought he was to have danced the hay with 
you." 

And all the servants laughed heartily at the idea, 
and those who were holding dishes let them fall and 
broke them, and one who was mixing a custard 
upset the whole over the floor and wasted it — all 
because of the laughter at the thought of the king 
dancing with Catskin. 

21 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

As for the young master, he returned thoughtful. 
He was asked by his mother with whom he had 
danced, and he said : — 

" For two nig-hts at the ball 

There was seen a ladye, 
The sweetest of beauties 

Eyes ever did see. 
She was the best dancer 

In all the whole place, 
And she strangely resembled 

Our Catskin in face. 

Had she not been dressed 

In costly degree, 
I'd have sworn that it was 

Our own Catskin's bodye." 

When the lady came down into the kitchen, then 
once more Catskin stood forth, and asked her if she 
might this time be allowed to go to the ball, to see 
the king, and the princes, and the nobles, and all 
the ladies in their rainbow dresses. The lady was 
so angry at her being thus persistent, that, having a 
basin of water in her hand, she threw it over Catskin, 
and bade her begone for a fool. 

Then shaking her wet ears 

Out o' doors she did run, 
And dressed herself 

All in gold like the sun. 

She washed herself and combed out her beautiful 
hair, and she had plaited a wreath of marigolds, and 
these she set on her head. But she clothed her fair 
body in finest linen and lace, and over all put a 
golden silk dress like wheat when full)- ripe. 



Catskin 

This time she did not look forth when the 
nobleman's son was mounting his horse to ride to 
the ball. She heard him call, " Catskin ! Catskin ! 
where art thou ? " But she would not let herself be 
seen, so he rode away in ill humour at not having 
spoken with her. He was sore perplexed in mind 
because the lady with whom he had twice danced 
wondrously resembled the scullion girl in his 
mother's kitchen. 

As he rode, all the bells in all the church towers 
were ringing, and, as they rang, they seemed to say — 

''Catskin, Catskin, made to win, 
Cat without and queen within." 

Soon after he had left, Catskin started from the 
barn, and arrived just in the right time, and entered 
the Guild Hall in the retinue of the queen, whose 
procession followed that of the king. 

Now the young nobleman was on the watch, and 
directly he saw her, he went to her, and asked if she 
would dance with him all that evening ; he would not 
surrender her hand, no, not even to the king if he 
desired it. 

She consented. Now he looked harder at her than 
ever before. 

Then the dance being ended, 

The young- squire, said he, 
*' From whence may you come, 

Fairest lady, tell me?" 
Her answer was — '* Sir, 

You shall soon know the same, 
From the sign of the Basin 

Of spilt water I came." 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

This time the young man was resolved not to let 
her go without following her, and he watched her 
every movement, and when she slipped away, he 
hasted after her. And as she ran, the marigolds in 
her crown fell one by one, and all along the way 
there were strewn marigolds. The night was dark, 
but the marigolds shone like stars, and the young 
man followed her track by the fallen flowers. And 
they led him to his father's barn, and at the door lay 
her crown. Every one of the marigolds had fallen 
out of it. 

The young man stooped, picked up the crown, 
and went into the barn. Then — 

He said, " O brave Catskin, 

I find it is thee, 
Who on these three nights 

Has so charmed me. 
Thou sweetest of maidens 

Eyes ever beheld, 
With joy and contentment 

My heart now is filled. 

Thou art our cook's scullion, 

But, as I have life. 
Grant me thy heart's love, 

I will make thee my wife. 
And thou shalt have maidens 

To answer thy call." 
"Oh, that cannot be, sir! 

I've no portion at all." 

"Thy beauty's thy portion, 

My joy and my dear, 
I prize it more precious 

Than thousands a year. 
24 



Catskin 

For my parents consent 

I have schemed a trick : 
I will g-o to my bed, 

I will feign myself sick. 

Then no one shall tend me 

But thou, I profess. 
So, one day and two days, 

In thy richest dress 
Thou shalt be a-clad, love ; 

And when there draw nigh, 
My parents to see me, 

Whilst sick I do lie, 
I'll tell them I love thee. 

To save my sweet life, 
I'll say the sole medicine 

Is Catskin for wife." 

Catskin consented to this arrangement, and forth- 
with the young man took to his bed and professed 
himself to be very sick. 

The father and mother, who loved him dearly, 
sent for a doctor, and he looked at his tongue, and 
said it was coated, then felt his pulse, and found it 
irregular, and took his temperature, which he 
pronounced abnormal. 

The parents were dreadfully alarmed, and asked 
where the seat of the complaint was. The doctor 
said it was in the pericardium. This made the 
mother swoon in her husband's arms. 

The sick man now begged that he might be 
nursed by Catskin, and, as the doctor said that he must 
not be contradicted in anything, his father and 
mother consented, but thought the request a very 
strange one. 

25 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

It may well be believed, that so soon as Catskin 
and the young man were alone, they laughed and 
made merry, and he bade her quickly go and put 
on one of her grand dresses. 

Now his lady mother had gone down into the 
kitchen to prepare her son a cordial elixir, according 
to the recipe given by the doctor; and this was i 
the recipe : — 

2 oz. oil of squills 
2 ,, earthworms 
2 ,, vervain 
2 ,, Spanish flies 
2 ,, neats' feet 
Assafoetida and cayenne pepper to taste. 

When she came up with this delectable cordial in 
her hand and entered the room, to her amazement 
there she saw a beautiful damsel dressed in silk of 
heaven's hue, with a crown of daisies like stars on 
her flowing brown hair. 

She was so taken aback, so frightened, that she 
dropped the cordial, and the vessel was broken, and 
the elixir spilled. She was speechless with amaze- 
ment, and thought that a fairy had appeared. But, 
anxious above all things for her son's health, she 
hastened down into the kitchen again, to prepare a 
cordial elixir according to the same recipe. 

When she had done this, she ascended with it 
again to the sick-room ; and as she drew near, she 
heard a voice singing to the lute. 

She remained listening, and this is what she 
heard the voice sing — 

26 



Catskln 

''Through the cool shady woods 

As I was rang-ing-, 
I heard the pretty birds 

Notes sweetly changing-. 
Down by a meadow-side 

Where runs a river, 
A little boy I espied 

With bow and quiver. 

* Little boy, tell me, say, 

Why thou art hiding. 

Art thou some runaway, 

And hast no biding?' 

* I am no runaway. 

Venus my mother, 
She gave me leave to play 
When I came hither.' 

* Little boy, with thy bow 

Why dost thou threaten ? 
It is not long ago 

Since thou wast beaten. 
Thy wanton mother fair, 

Venus, will chide thee ; 
Of arrows be more spare. 

Or thou must hide thee.' 

Then little Cupid laughed, 

Caught his bow nimble. 
Shot forth a fatal shaft 

Which made me tremble. 
* Go tell my gallant fair 

Thou canst discover 
What all the passions are 

Of a fond lover.' " 

Then the lady thrust open the door, and saw, 
seated by his window, a beautiful girl clothed in 
grass-green silk, with a lace collar over her shoulders 
and a wreath of lilies of the valley on her brown 

2; 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

hair. The window was open, and the air blew in 
and fluttered her hair about, and made all the white 
bells of the lilies dance, and it seemed as though 
her hair and the pure flowers were all dancing on 
her head to the sound of her lute, and the song she 
sang — 

"Go tell my g-allant fair 
Thou canst discover 
What all the passions are 
Of a fond lover." 

As she sang this, the beautiful girl turned her 
face from the window and looked at the young man 
lying sick on the bed, and the lady of the house, 
his mother, recognised the face of Catskin. 

She was so astonished that she let fall the cordial, 
and it was spilt over the floor, so that there was not 
one drop left for her son to imbibe. 

Her senses were in such a whirl that she could 
not speak, she could not advance, she could not 
think. So she shut the door, and ran speechless 
down into the kitchen, to prepare the cordial a 
third time. 

But alas and alack a day ! servants are careless. 
The cook, not having Catskin to assist, had bidden 
a stable-boy come in and be scullion for the nonce ; 
and this urchin, having seen the recipe written by 
the doctor, which the lady had left on the kitchen 
table, had taken it to light a fire with. The lady 
was in dismay when she found that this precious 
recipe was lost. She therefore turned to a book 
written by her great-great-grandmother, a notable 
lady for making confects and strong waters, and 

28 



Catskin 

took at random out of it another recipe. This 
was it — 



Of oil of cloves 


I drop 


Of honeycomb 


every particle 


I lemon 


well squeezed 


Of butter 


I lb. 



A few peeled almonds cut in slices. 
Dissolve over a clear fire and mix well. 

The lady at once proceeded to make this decoc- 
tion. When it was done, she poured it out, and 
lo ! it was — Butter Scotch. 

She stood in great doubt what to do, when at 
that moment trumpets sounded, and the servants, 
all rushing to the w^indows, away from their work, — 
as the manner of servants is, — saw the king, who 
had arrived with his court, and the queen on one 
side and the archbishop on the other. 

It had been noised abroad that the nobleman's 
son was ill, and the king, who was very amiable, 
had resolved on coming himself to inquire after him, 
and, if he were permitted, to see him. He had also 
brought with him his own physician, to look at the 
patient's tongue, feel his pulse, and take his tempera- 
ture. The lady, holding a plate of the most 
beautiful Oriental china in her hand, on which was a 
great slab of butter scotch, with almonds in it, at 
once hasted to meet the king and answer his kind 
inquiries. 

The king said that he would greatly like to see 
the sick youth, and appoint his own doctor to examine 
and prescribe for him. 

Accordingly the lady conducted him and the 
29 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

queen, and the archbishop, and the physician ; and 
all the court ladies and gentlemen in waiting, the 
master of the horse, the chamberlain, the high 
sheriff of the county, preceded by his javelin 
men, marched up the stairs to the door of the sick- 
room. 

When the door was opened — what did they all 
see? This is what they saw. 

In the midst of the room, on the highly polished 
floor, was a beautiful damsel, dressed in silk the 
colour of golden wheat, with marigolds in her hair, 
dancing a corranto ; and the sick man was raised 
on his elbow, and was watching her graceful move- 
ments with great delight. 

As she danced, the marigolds fell from her hair, 
and she danced round and in and out among the 
fallen yellow flowers, singing as she danced, and was 
so intent not to tread on a blossom, or disturb it 
with her silken skirts, that she did not see those 
who had come to the door. 

The king, the queen, the archbishop, the physician, 
the chamberlain, the lords and ladies, the grand 
sheriff, and the great javelins stood silent, in admira- 
tion, as did also the lady of the house, with the plate 
of butter-scotch in her hand. 

All at once the king exclaimed, " Why, surely 
this is the very lady with whom I danced the 
hay." 

At his words Catskin started, became crimson, 
and ceased dancing ; she retreated to the window, 
and the patient pulled the bedclothes over his 
head. 

30 



Catskin 

The king and all his court now entered, and went 
to the side of the bed, where the king issued his 
royal mandate that the sick man should show his 
head above the bed-clothes. This the patient dared 
not disobey. So he let himself be seen, and the 
physician was required to proceed with the diagnosis 
of the case. He, however, respectfully requested 
that the family doctor might be invited to be 
present, as it was against the etiquette of the faculty 
to interfere with each other's practice. 

The village and family doctor happened at this 
moment to arrive, and he was called up into the 
room. 

The court physician proceeded to look at the sick 
man's tongue, and said he considered it coated. 

" So I said," observed the family doctor. 

" And his pulse is irregular." 

" So I said," observed the family doctor. 

" And his temperature is abnormal." 

" My very words," said the family doctor. 

A consultation was now proposed, and the two 
practitioners adjourned to an adjoining cabinet, 
whilst the king, and the archbishop, and all the 
court, the nobleman and his lady, the parents of the 
youth, remained in breathless expectation. After 
half an hour the two doctors issued from the 
adjoining cabinet, and the court physician said, with 
immense solemnity, " There is nothing in the case 
to cause immediate alarm. My brother practitioner 
and I have well weighed the case, and have drawn 
out a prescription which, if strictly followed, will, we 
believe, produce the happiest results." 

31 



The Old English. Fairy Tales 

Then he unfolded a scroll, and handed it to the 
archbishop. It contained but these words — 

Matrimony 

cum Butter scotch, quant, stiff. 

The very hearing of the recipe sufficed to make 
the sick man jump out of bed. 

Next day, with great triumph, 

And joy, and good cheer, 
There arrived many coaches 

From far and from near ; 
When, much like a goddess 

In festal array, 
Fair Catskin was married 

To the squire that day. 

The days they were many 

The wedding did last. 
With many a topping 

And gallant repast. 
Oh hark the bells ringing 

All over the town ; 
See flasks of canary 

Flow merrily round. 

So Catskin was married to the young gentleman, 
the son of the noble in whose house she had served 
as scullion. 

We might end the story of Catskin here, and 
yet, were we to do so, we should omit an incident 
which marks how good she was, and deserving of 
the happy fortune that fell to her. 

It had fallen out in this wise with her father. Her 
mother was dead. A fever had come on in the house, 
and had swept away both her mother and sisters ; so 

32 



Catskin 

that the old man was left alone, and in his age 
he was sorrowful and desolate. Now he began to 
think of his daughter whom he had discarded. He 
resolved to pay her a visit, for he had heard of her 
marriage. 

He dressed like a beggar 

And went to the gate, 
Where stood his sweet daughter, 

Now noble and great. 
He cried, "Gentle lady, 

A poor man I be, 
And forced by necessity 

To ask charity." 

With a blush she demanded 

The place whence he came. 
Then, with that he told her, 

As likewise his name. 
She cried, " I'm your daughter 

W^ho slighted was so, 
Yet, nevertheless, sir. 

Thee kindness I'll show. 



Through mercy, the Lord 

Has provided for me. 
Pray, father, come in, sir. 

Be seated," said she. 
The best of provision 

The house could afford. 
For making him welcome. 

Was placed on the board. 

She said, "You are welcome 
Feed hearty, I pray. 

And, if you are willing, 
With me you shall stay 

33 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

So long- as you live, sir." 

He then made repl)-, 
''I only have come here, 

Your love I would tr}-. 

Through mercy, my daug^hter, 

I'm rich, and not poor, 
I've red g'old and silver 

Heaped up in my store. 
And for the kind favour 

At your hands I've found, 
For portion I'll give you 

Full ten thousand pound." 

A few days after he sold all his land, and came 
to his daughter, gave her what he had promised, and 
lived in love with her, well attended to, the rest of 
his days. 

Note. — The old English story of " Catskin," which exists 
in ballad form, has been driven out by the French tale of 
"Cinderella." The latter*is a very g-ood story, and it was ver}' 
well told by Perault. In some points the English tale is preferable. 
The English story has relation also to Perault's " Peau d'Ane.' 
In German the series are those of " Aschenplittel " and '* Allerlei- 
rauch." The catskin in the English story is an ass's hide in 
Perault's, and a coat of coarse hair in the German. The story is 
known throughout Europe. In the Eng-lish tale there is no g-lass 
slipper dropped. In connection with this element, I may refer to 
Rhodope, who became Queen of Egypt by dropping' her slipper 
(Strabo, xxii. 808 ; ^lian, Hist. var. xiii. 33). The English 
ballad, which is without poetic merit, has been several times 
reprinted. It was printed in Aldermary Churchyard about 1720. 
For a full account of the story and its ramifications and variants, 
see J. S. Moore, The Pictorial Book of Ballads, 1849, vol. ii. p. 145 ; 
and still fuller in A. Lang's Cinderella, 345 Variants, printed for 
the Folk-Lore Society, 1893. 

Of the ballad there are distinct exemplars, one printed at Pitt's 
Wholesale Toy and Marble Warehouse, 69A S. Andrew St., Seven 
Dials; theother, "Printcdandsold, wholesaleandretail,byJ. Evans, 

34 



1 



Catskin 

Xo. 41 Long Lane, Smithfield. " It is in the Roxburg-he Collection, 
vol. iii. p. 770 ; Douce Coll. iv. 105. Another copy in the British 
Museum (press mark, 11621, 6. 3, art. 8), to the tune of "The 
Wandering- Jew," printed for T. Norris. It occurs also in a 
Garland entitled The Wandering Yotmg Getitlewomans Garlatid ; 
and this begins — 

Ye fathers and mothers, and children also, 

Come draw near unto me, and soon ye shall know, etc. 

whereas the other form of the ballad begins — 

There once was a gentleman grand. 

Who lived in his country seat; 
He wanted an heir to his land, 

For he'd nothing but daughters yet. 



35 



II 



THE GARDENER PRINCE 



37 



II 
THE GARDENER PRINCE 



Far, far away in the blue distance of time, took place 
a great invasion of Bohemia. The savage Huns 
came pouring over Europe from the steppes of 
Northern Asia, carrying havoc and death wherever 
they went. They w^ere little dark men with black, 
beady eyes, and they sat their horses as if of one flesh 
with them. 

In the great destruction that overtook Prague, the 
capital of Bohemia, the town was fired, and the Huns, 
breaking into the royal palace, carried off the nurse 
with the young prince, and swept away far west, 
burning and destroying everywhere till they reached 
France, and there they were encountered on the plains 
of Chalons by the Franks and Visigoths under ^tius, 
and were totally routed. Attila, king of the Huns, 
after this battle, gathered the remnants of his force 
in the camp, surrounded himself with a ring of 
waggons, piled up the saddles of his horses, and 
stood on the top of this immense mass, torch in hand, 

39 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

ready to set fire to all, and perish, he and his men, 
in the pyre, should the Franks be able to burst 
through the enclosure. The conquerors did not 
deem it wise to drive him to desperation, and suffered 
him and the remnants of his savage army to retreat 
into Germany. This was in the year 451. 

The nurse of the Prince of Bohemia had perished 
on the way, and the little child had been taken 
charge of by a Hun woman. In the flight she threw 
away the child, and it was found and taken charge 
of by a poor man, whose wife, having no children of 
her own, was glad to adopt it. 

The child, who was called Oriol, grew up in the 
cottage of these good people, and believed them to 
be his parents. The reason why he was named 
Oriol was this. When the man found him, he was 
lying in a field of buttercups, and he had amused 
himself with pulling off the heads of the flowers, and 
had made himself a bed of the shining blossoms, and 
a pillow as well. The sun vv-as shining brightly, and 
when the man saw the babe lying amidst buttercup 
flowers, the reflection made him think the child was 
all golden, and he exclaimed, " Why, this is a golden 
babe ! " As or is gold in the French tongue, he 
called him thenceforth Oriol. 

When the boy was grown to man's estate, he was 
sent to be a gardener in the king's palace ; and the 
flowers he cultivated seemed to know that someone 
was set over them who loved them, for they flourished 
in a marvellous manner. Flowers like to be made 
much of, to be talked to, and encouraged to grow, 
and Oriol always had a good word to say to his 

40 



The Gardener Prince 

plants. He became warmly attached to them, and 
they to him. 

Now the king had got a daughter called Marcella, 
and she was wont to look through her window at the 
garden, and she saw the young gardener, and thought 
how clever he was with his flowers. She was never 
allowed to go abroad without her governess, but one 
day an irresistible longing came over her to go into 
the garden and see the flowers. 

Now there was in this garden a rose, and this rose 
had the property that whoever picked it would be 
pricked thereby to the heart, and could never be 
cured save by the gardener who had cultivated the 
rose. 

Of this the Princess Marcella knew nothing. She 
did not ask leave of anyone, but stole downstairs and 
went to the garden. 

There stood the gardener at the gate, 

And in each hand a flower ; 
" O pretty maid, come in," he said, 

''And view my beauteous bower. 

The lily it shall be thy smock. 

The jonquil shoe thy feet ; 
Thy gown shall be the ten- week stock, 

To make thee fair and sweet. 

The gilly-flower shall deck thy head, 

Thy way with herbs I'll strew ; 
Thy stockings shall be marigold, 

Thy gloves the violet blue." 

But the fair princess had seen a lovely rose the 
flowers of which were crimson as blood, and so thick 

41 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

that they hid the leaves and the thorns. She said to 
the gardener — 

' ' I will not have the gilly-flower, 
Nor herbs my path to strew, 
Xor stocking-s of the marigold, 
Nor gloves of violet blue. 

I will not have the ten-week stock, 

Nor jonquils to my shoon ; 
But I will have the red, red rose 

That flowereth in June." 

The gardener, who knew how sharp and dangerous 
were the thorns of this rose, endeavoured to dissuade 
her. He said — 

" The red, red rose it liath a thorn 
That pierceth to the bone." 

But she answered — 

*' I little heed thy idle rede. 
I will have that or none." 

Again he endeavoured to dissuade her — 

'* The red, red rose it hath a thorn 
That pierceth to the heart." 

But she answered — 

" The red, red rose, oh, I will hav'e. 
I little heed the smart." 



She stooped down unto the ground 
To pluck the rose so red ; 

The thorn it pierced her to the heart, 
And this fair maid was dead. 
42 



The Gardener Prince 

Now, when the gardener saw this, he was alarmed, 
and he took her in his arms, carried her upstairs, and 
i laid her on her bed. 

There she was found by the governess, lying as 




one asleep. But all the efforts to wake her were in 
vain. At last she became so frightened that she ran 
for the king and queen, and they came. They 
shook the princess, but could not wake her. They 
called her by every term of endearment, but she 

43 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

answered not. Then they sent for the Court 
physician, and he came, and tried every sort of 
remedy, but all were in vain. The maid remained 
fast asleep as one dead ; there was no rousing her. 
She neither breathed nor moved, nor did her heart 
beat, yet her cheeks were fresh as roses, and so she 
remained day by day unchanging. The parents 
were in sore distress, and they would not allow 
her to be buried, because they really did not know 
whether she were asleep or dead. 

Then they consulted the Court astrologer, and he 
looked at the stars, and read therein that none might 
restore the Princess save the gardener, and that he 
would marry her. 

When the king heard this, he was much perplexed 
what to do. He did not desire that his daughter 
should lie in this trance, without ever awaking; and. 
on the other hand, he did not relish the notion of 
having his gardener become his son-in-law. But he 
considered, and resolved to make Oriol restore this 
princess to life, and after that he would put the 
young man to death, and so frustrate the pro- 
phecy. 

Accordingly, he sent a waiting-maid of the princess 
to the garden. 

There stood the g-ardener at the gate, 

With cypress in his hand, 
And he did say, " Let no fair may 

Come into Dead Maid's Land." 

So the waiting-girl stood outside, and told the 
gardener what was wanted of him, to come and 
recover the princess of her trance-like sleep. 

44 



The Gardener Prince 

He accordingly obeyed, and was brought upstairs 
and shown where she lay. Then he stooped, and he 
found the thorn that was run into her heart, and he 
drew it forth, and the moment he had done this, she 
opened her eyes, gave a long sigh, looked at him, and 
began to speak. 

Immediately the king gave orders that he should 
be taken and cast to wild beasts. The king had lions 
in cages, and he was wont to feed them with male- 
factors who were sentenced to death. For at that 
time butcher's meat was very expensive, as a murrain 
had been introduced into the land by the Huns, and 
it had swept off most of the cattle ; and it never 
wholly disappeared. But if butcher's meat was dear 
and scarce, malefactors were cheap and abundant. 

According to command, Oriol was cast to the lions. 
But Marcella had a twin brother called Marcellus, 
and he was greatly shocked and grieved when he 
heard his father's order ; he entreated the king to 
spare the gardener, and, when he could not move 
him, he ran to the prison to beseech the gaoler to 
throw in his private tutor instead of the gardener. 
The noble-minded prince thought by this means his 
father's injustice might be prevented, and himself 
delivered for a time from his daily lessons. The 
gaoler, however, told him that his intervention came 
too late, for that Oriol was already cast to the wild 
beasts. 

But what was the surprise of the prince and of the 
gaoler when they found that the lions refused to 
touch the gardener, and crouched round him in 
respectful attitudes. 

45 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Now it is known to all the world that the lion will 
not touch royal blood. So the prince exclaimed 
that he was sure Oriol came of kingly stock, and he 
ran and told his father, who gave orders for the 
gardener to be removed from the lions' den, and 
retained in prison till he issued further instructions. 

When the princess awoke from her sleep, she could 
think only of the gardener. It was the nature of 
the rose that when the thorn was withdrawn, she 
who had been wounded would fall in love with the 
first person her opening eyes rested on ; and as it 
chanced, when Marcella raised her lids, she saw 
Oriol. So, though the sleep-giving quality of the 
thorn was overcome when the thorn was extracted, 
yet the subtle poison of love remained in her 
veins. 

She had none but her brother to whom she could 
tell her feelings. She was very unhappy, because she 
knew that the king, her father, reserved her deliverer 
for a cruel death ; and the Prince Marcellus particu- 
larly resented that his royal parent had objected to 
having the private tutor thrown to the lions, in 
default of criminals. 

The brother and sister consulted together, and 
resolved to effect the escape of the gardener, and to 
fly with him to England, where she could marry 
Oriol, and where, as Marcellus believed, he, himself, 
would not be held to his lessons. 

Accordingly, the prince went to the harbour and 
contrived to hire a ship in which they might sail to 
England. Then he went to the prison and per- 
suaded the gaoler to allow him to see the gardener. 

46 



The Gardener Prince 

To Oriol he communicated the plan for his escape 
and their flight. Then Oriol replied — 

*' I'll g-o to my lady at break of day, 
I'll carry my lady far away. 
But how shall I manage to snap my chain ? 
And how can I my liberty gain?" 

Then the prince gave him a tiny steel file, which 
he had hidden in his sleeve, and with this he was to 
work through the iron bars of his window, and so 
escape. He, Marcellus, would bring a ladder and 
put it outside the prison, so that when the bars were 
filed through, Oriol might escape with the ladder, and 
by means of the ladder release Marcella from the 
tower of the palace in which she was locked up. 
Accordingly, the young prince went to the harbour and 
gave orders that everything should be ready for sail- 
ing as soon as he arrived with his companions ; then 
he went back, and found his tutor in a great way 
because he was late for his Latin lesson, and was 
growling and threatening to report him to his father. 

Oriol worked with the steel file during the night, 
and succeeded in cutting through the bars. Then 
he thrust himself out of the window, and found 
Marcellus below with the ladder. He quickly 
descended. Then the prince bade him take the 
ladder and go to the palace and release his sister, 
whilst he went to the ship, to have all ready to start 
the instant they arrived. 

Now when Oriol came below the window of the 
princess, he found to his consternation that the ladder 
was far too short. She was above, looking out, 
ready to fly, but could not be reached. 

47 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

What was to be done? All the palace doors 
were locked and barred, and there were guards set to 
keep them. 

The princess was equal to the occasion. She 
had the most lovely golden hair in the world, and 
now 

The lady undid her g-olden hair, 

She cut it off with a golden sheer ; 

The lady took out her silver pin, 

Her hair it was neither short nor thin ; 

She twisted it in, and she twisted it out. 

And she made a ladder both strong- and stout, 

She wove it up and she wove it down, 

And she made a ladder to reach the ground. 

Now, when she had thus plaited and twisted her 
hair, and had formed of it a golden ladder, she 
fastened it to her window and looked forth. But 
when she saw what a distance she had to descend, 
her heart began to fail 

"Alack!" she said, "but I do not dare 
To plant my feet on this ladder of hair. 
Alack!" she said, "but were I to fall, 
I should dash my blood on the castle wall." 

Then Oriol saw that the night was spent, and the 
day at hand, and he was afraid lest he should be 
taken, and the plan come to naught. So he put 
his hand to the ladder. 

Oh, and he did climb by the golden thread 
That was wove of the hair of his lady's head. 
Oh, and he did mount by the golden stair 
That was fashioned all out of his lady's hair. 
The hair it was neither short nor thin, 
And was fastened above with a silver pin. 

48 



I 



The Gardener Prince 

When Oriol came to the window, then he took the 
princess in his arms and descended with her. 

Adown the ladder of gold they came 
As over the hills the sun did flame. 

So they escaped together to the harbour, where the 
prince was awaiting them, and as soon as they were 
on board, the anchor was hove, the sail spread, and 
they stood out to sea. 

'^Now for love and freedom," said Oriol. 

" And no more Latin lessons," said the prince. 

No sooner was the flight of the gardener with 
the children of the king and queen discovered, than 
the' utmost commotion ensued in the palace and 
town. The king at once consulted his astrologer, 
and the astrologer called in the assistance of a witch, 
and they together brewed a storm that broke with 
fury on the sea; the waves ran mountains high, 
and poured into the ship, that speedily became a 
wreck. It was driven back upon the French coast 
and dashed to pieces. Prince Marcellus escaped on 
one plank, the Princess Marcella on another, and 
Oriol, who clung to the mast, was carried far, far 
away, and was finally picked up by a ship and 
conveyed to a distant land. He believed that the 
dear princess and the generous young prince had 
been swallowed up by the hungry sea. 

The king and queen were rejoiced to recover their 
children. The king was extremely incensed at the 
neglect of the gaoler, at having allowed the window 
bars to be filed through unobserved, and he con- 
demned him to death. When the gaoler had been 
4 49 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

put to death, he told the Princess Marcella, his 
daughter, that the gardener had been caught and 
executed, and that he was then being carried to burial. 

When she and her brother heard this, they were 
in the deepest distress, and they ran to where the 
funeral was passing, and followed the dead in g*'eat 
grief But before the corpse was consigned to the 
earth, the princess plucked off the pall that was 
thrown over it, and to her great joy discovered that 
the dead man was the gaoler and not her beloved 
gardener. She now found it unendurable to remain 
without knowledge of Oriol. She often walked in 
the garden, and whenever she passed the crimson 
rose, the scent of it caused her love to wax stronger. 
So one night she took an old suit of her brother's 
clothes, dressed herself in it, and ran away. She 
embarked on board a ship destined for foreign parts, 
and sailed away in the disguise of a boy. 

We must now see what had become of Oriol. 

After many adventures, he arrived at the Court 
of Bohemia, where his father, now an old man, was 
king. 

When the Huns had been routed at Chalons, the 
realms they had overrun recovered, the princes they 
had defeated plucked up courage and emerged from 
their places of refuge. The Bohemians had rebuilt 
Prague, and made it more beautiful than before, and 
they had stuck up the heads of Huns who had been 
killed all along the walls, as a series of knobs, which 
was very picturesque, and also terrifying to aggressors. 

The king was grieved at the loss of his son. He 
made inquiries, but could obtain no news of him, and 

50 



The Gardener Prince 

he was sore afraid lest, after his death without heirs 
of his own body, there might ensue civil war among 
rival claimants, which would be productive of great 
misery. 

It fell out that Oriol arrived in Bohemia ; he had 
gone through various adventures that need not be 
detailed, and at length, weary, footsore, and covered 
with dust, he was approaching the gates of Prague, 
and he saw before him the walls, with little round 
white balls set along the top of the battlements, and 
he could not understand what they were. Now it 
happened that at this very moment the king and 
queen and the princes were feasting and making 
merry. Then, suddenly, in the hall appeared a 
black cloud, and the cloud opened, and in the midst 
of it was seen the ghost of the old nurse, who had 
long been dead. She cried out, " O king ! the 
dear prince of whom I was given charge is now 
approaching the gates of Prague, wayworn and 
dust-soiled. Go forth to meet and welcome him. 
You will know him by his pedigree, which I tattooed 
on his back with a needle and a little lampblack. 
After my death he was for a little while in the care 
of a Hun woman, but she threw him away, and he 
was picked up on a bed of buttercups by a poor 
peasant. As this peasant and his wife could not 
read, they never deciphered what was written on 
his back, and of course the prince himself was 
physically incapable of studying his pedigree in the 
place where I tattoed it." 

Having uttered these words, the ghost vanished. 

The king, overjoyed, leaped from table, and all 
51 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

his nobles rose. The whole of the court hasted from 
the palace, and the news spread like wildfire through 
the town. Every bell in every church was pealed, 
the people shouted and danced, and the children 
ran on the walls, and were so excited that they 
began to play ball with the Huns' heads, that were 
now bleached quite white, and were like lawn tennis 
balls, as white, as round, and as empty. 

The gates were thrown open, and forth came the 
king and queen and all the court. 

And when they saw the waywor^., dusty traveller 
coming along, they precipitated themselves upon 
him, threw him down, and tore the clothes off his 
back, and there, sure enough, from the nape of his neck, 
and over his shoulder-blades, and' down his vertebral 
column was his entire pedigree from Adam, and his 
real name, which was Wenceslas, and not Oriol at all. 

Then they pulled the prince up on his feet, and 
as he was much shaken and surprised by the treat- 
ment he had received, they set him on a horse and 
led him through Prague, with his back exposed, that 
all the people who could read might study his 
pedigree, and convince themselves that this was their 
very and true prince. Those people who could not 
read tore their hair with rage and compunction, and 
as much hair was pulled out on that day as sufficed 
to stuff cushions for many years after, and mix with 
the plaster wherewith houses were plastered for a 
like period. 

Now Oriol's troubles were at an end. Yet was 
he not perfectly happy, because he thought of 
Princess Marcella, and he secretly pined for her. 

52 



The Gardener Prince 

It has already been told how she ran away in 
boy's clothes. It fell out, most happily, that she 
rambled into Bohemia, and when she arrived at 
Prague, she offered herself as page at the palace, 
and was taken. What was her astonishment to 
recognise in the young Prince Wenceslas the man 
who had been the gardener Oriol. 

She was abashed, and did not quite know what 
to do. But she was happy to be at his side, to run 
by his horse when he went hunting, and to wait 
behind him at table when he dined. 

One day the prince went out fishing, and he 
made his little foot-page carry his wallet, in which 
were the fish he caught. 

The day was very hot, and the glare on the 
water wearied his eyes, and made him sleepy, so he 
lay down with his head on his page's lap and fell 
asleep. 

Whilst he was asleep, Marcella plucked all the 
buttercups within reach and strewed them about 
him, till he was completely surrounded with them, 
much as when found by the French peasant. 

Presently he woke, and, looking about, was greatly 
surprised. He said, " How came all these golden 
flowers about me ? " 

Then the page answered, " Master, I picked 
them." 

" But," said the prince, " why did you do it ? " 

" Master," answered the page, " I was formerly in 
service to a princess, and she told me a story of 
how a little babe was once found by a peasant 
among buttercups, and the sun shone on them, and 

53 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

the reflection over the child was such, that the 
peasant cried out, ' It is a golden babe ! ' and he 
called it Oriol." 

" I never told that tale but to one — and that was 
the Princess Marcella," exclaimed Wenceslas. 

Then the little foot-page said, " It was even from 
her I heard it." 

When the prince learned this, he was greatly 
agitated ; he sighed, and the tears came into his 
eyes, and he said, " I shall never, never be happy 
till I see my dear Marcella again." 

" Ah, master," exclaimed the page, " I have her 
portrait ; but do you know that she was wrecked 
and drowned in a terrible storm," 

When the prince heard that, his tears began to 
flow freely. He spoke no more, than to say he 
had no pleasure any more in fishing, and that the 
sole thing that could gratify him was to see the 
portrait of the princess. He bade the page produce 
it immediately. 

" Master," said the page, " the portrait is life- 
size. You must have patience till you return to 
Prague." 

" And you must absolutely surrender that picture 
to me," said the prince. " I can no longer live 
without it — that is to say, if it be a good likeness." 

" Sir," said the page, " on my word of honour it 
is a speaking likeness." 

"If you will give it me, you shall have what you 
desire." 

" I ask for one thing only," said the page, — '* your 
hand." 

54 



The Gardener Prince 

" Even that," said Wenceslas ; " I will cut it off 
and give it you freely, if I may have the portrait." 

Now, when they were returned to the city, 
Wencelas ran to his father and mother, and said to 
them, " Oh, my dear parents, I have not told you 
till now why I have resisted all your urgency to see 
me married. I loved and I was beloved ; and the 
princess I loved was Marcella of France. She was 
more lovely than the day. Her hair was longer 
than that of any woman in the world, but she cut 
it off for the love of me. It was like to the finest 
gold. But, alas ! she is dead. The cruel sea 
swallowed her up. Come and follow me, and I will 
show you her picture. But, first throw over your 
robes veils of mourning and black mantles. Let a 
solemn funeral march be played, and do you, father 
and mother, and all the court, walk in slow and sad 
procession, to the tolling of bells and the strains of 
the Dead March, and with handkerchiefs to your 
eyes, and lemons in your hands, into the apartment 
where is the picture of my beloved princess, now, 
alas ! no more. Let us do this in respect to her 
memory." 

Accordingly the king and queen and all the court 
put black mantles over their sumptuous robes, and 
the marshal walked first with his silver mace. '' One, 
two. One, two. Slow march!" ordered the marshal, 
and he rapped with his silver mace upon the floor, 
as a signal to proceed. And all, two and two, 
came on, to the tolling of bells, and the solemn, 
awe-inspiring strains of the band. The scene was 
so moving that all wept. Then they came into the 

55 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

chamber appointed by his little foot - page, at the 
extremity of which was a large gold frame with 
a curtain thrown over it. The prince, filled 
with impatience, rushed to the curtain and pulled it 
down. 

There, within the frame, stood — not a canvas 
covered with paint, but the smiling, speaking image 
itself — the beautiful Marcella, in the flesh, dressed 
in the robes of a princess, with her golden hair 
flowing below her shoulders — so much had her 
hair grown since it was cut off to make a ladder by 
which to escape. 

She stepped through the frame, and said, " Prince 
Wenceslas, the picture is yours. Your hand ! " 

Then the black mantles and veils fell off from 
the king and queen and court, and they flung aside 
their pocket handkerchiefs and the lemons, and the 
band struck up a merry dance tune, and the bells 
began to peal cheerily, and the king took the queen 
by the hand and began to caper, and the court 
followed suit, and danced and kicked out their feet, 
and crowed and laughed with pleasure. The people 
in the street shouted and turned heads over heels 
for delight, and the children began to pelt each 
other with the skulls of the Huns. 

Never had been seen greater mirth in the city of 
Prague. A despatch was at once sent to Paris to 
summon the Prince Marcellus for the wedding. 
Then the king said, " I believe somewhere up in 
the nursery is a little daughter of mine, I made 
no account of, born to me in my old age. I will 
certainly marry her to Prince Marcellus, and so cement 

56 



The Gardener Prince 

the Hnks of union between my nation and that of 
the Franks." And so was it done. 

Note. — This story is based on the old English ballad entitled 
"The Garland of Princely Lovers," printed at the end of the 
seventeenth or beginning of the eighteenth century. It is certainly 
a pretty tale. To some extent "A Winter's Tale" agrees with 
it. The veiled statue in one is the covered picture in the other. 
Bohemia Is the scene of both. I have worked into the story 
the fragmentary ballad of the Gardener, which seems to fit it 
well, and the incident of the lady making a ladder with her hair, 
which is a reminiscence of a nursery ballad I remember indis- 
tinctly from early days. 

The ballad of the Gardener is to be found in Child's English and 
Scottish Popular Ballads, Xo. 219, from Kinloch and Buchan. 
A west of England version is in my Songs of the West. It is 
most probably a mere fragment of a long story, the point of 
which is now lost, but I strongly suspect that the fragment that 
remains belonged originally to an English version of the myth 
of Thorn-rose. 



57 



Ill 
THE GOLDEN BULL 



A CERTAIN king was a very stubborn man. 
When he took a thing into his head, he resolved to 
carry it through at any cost. Now, there was an 
island in the seas that washed his shores, ruled over 
by a very old king, who took so much snuff that he 
dirtied not only his face, but his hands and all his 
royal garments. Unless he were new dressed every 
day, he made such a disgusting mess of himself that 
he was not fit to be seen. Accordingly, as it would 
cripple the finances, were he to be given robes in 
keeping with his dignity fresh every day, he was 
usually put in a cupboard, and only brought out on 
great occasions. Now the stubborn king of whom I 
first spoke had resolved to marry his daughter to 
the snuffy old king. He was an extremely ambitious 
man, and he thought that as the snuffy king spent 
nearly all his time in a cupboard, if this snuffy king 
were married to his daughter, he would be able to 
rule the kingdom of the snuffy king through his 
daughter, as well as his own. 

6i 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

When the princess heard what was designed, she 
was greatly distressed, and implored her father to 
desist from his purpose. But he could not be turned 
from it. 

Now she was the more disposed to resist his will, 
because a handsome young prince from a distant 
realm had come to her father's court and asked for 
her hand. She had seen him, and she liked him 
very well, and when she learned that he never took 
snuff, her liking became ardent love. 

Her father turned a deaf ear to her entreaties, 
and to the solicitations of the young prince, who was 
very sad, and would have departed to his own 
country, but that the king urged him to remain over 
the wedding festivities. 

As the princess was unable to dissuade her father 
from the proposed union with the snuffy old king, 
she entreated that at least she might be given three 
suitable dresses in which to be married, in which 
to travel, and in which to appear at the court of her 
intended husband. 

One of these dresses was to be like the sky, 
besprent with stars, the second was to be like the 
sky with clouds flying in it, and the third was to be 
embroidered all over with birds. One thing further 
she desired, and that was to be given a golden bull. 
The king her father agreed to this. 

Accordingly, she went to the goldsmith who was 
to make the Golden Bull, and she told him to make 
it hollow, and to contrive a door in the side that 
could only be opened by herself by means of a small 
key ; and that was to be so neatly managed that no 

62 



The Golden Bull 

one could see the door or the keyhole when the bull 
was closed. 

All was done exactly as she had desired, and the 
Golden Bull was brought into her room before the 
wedding, and very beautifully wrought it was. It 
was of the size of a real bull, and was all of 
pure gold, only it had rubies for eyes and silver 
horns. 

Now when it was time for her to be dressed 
for the wedding, and the snuffy old king was 
arrived, the princess put on her the blue robe 
sprinkled with stars, and, taking with her the two 
other dresses, she stepped into tne bull, closed 
the door behind her, and snap — she was fast 
inside. 

People wondered and waited, but she did not 
appear. The king, her father, sent to her room for 
her, and learned with great rage that she had dis- 
appeared — run away, it was believed, and taken her 
beautiful dresses with her. The old king, the 
bridegroom, began to cry, for he had been kept 
from snuff for twenty-four hours, to make him look 
clean and respectable, and he had gone through this 
terrible privation all for nothing. 

Messengers were sent in all directions, but no 
signs of the lost princess were found. No one 
could imagine what had become of her. So the 
snuffy king took to snuff again, and went back to 
his island. The sailors put him in a cask in the 
bilge-water, to be out of the way on the voyage, 
and he floated about there snuffing to his heart's 
content. 

63 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

The king, the father of the princess, gave the 
Golden Bull as a present to the prince who had 
asked for the princess's hand, as some amends for 
the refusal of the lady, his daughter. 

The prince had the golden bull conveyed on 
board ship, and sailed away for his own land. 

The prince was afraid lest the sailors should 
scratch their names on the Golden Bull, or scrape off 
dust from it, accordingly he had it set in his own 
cabin. 

One night, whilst he was asleep, and the sea was 
calm, the princess opened the door in the bull's side, 
came out, went on deck, and looked at the still sea 
that glittered in the moonlight. She was in her 
blue dress all strewn with stars, and as she moved 
she sparkled. The steersman saw her, and was 
dreadfully alarmed. She said nothing to him, and 
after a while she went below, but before stepping 
into the bull again, she went to the side of the 
sleeping prince, bent over him, and kissed his 
lips. 

He woke with a start, and thought he saw a 
wonderful vision of a sparkling woman glide away 
and vanish. In fact, when he woke, the princess 
had fled, gone inside the bull, and shut the door 
once more. 

During the day he heard the sailors talk of the 
appearance of a beautiful spirit in the ship, and he 
thought this must have something to do with what 
he had himself seen. 

The prince was sorely puzzled what to make of 
that which he had seen. He had caught sight of 

64 



The Golden Bull 

the figure for a moment only, and that as he woke 
from sleep. If it had not been that the steersman 
declared he had beheld an exactly similar figure on 
the deck in the moonlight, he would have supposed 
himself a prey to night fancies. 

As he was thinking this matter over in his 
cabin, he noticed a blue ribbon lying on the floor 
near the Golden Bull. It was embroidered with 
stars of pure silver, with a diamond in the midst of 
each. 

The prince considered this for some time. He 
was perfectly certain that he had had nothing of the 
kind in his cabin before. It matched precisely with 
the. dress of the mysterious figure of which he had 
seen a glimpse during the night. 

He folded it up and put it near his heart, and fell 
into great wonder as to how this would end. 

Now the prince found himself thinking a great 
deal about the princess who was to have been 
married to the snuffy old king, and he mar\'elled 
how she could have disappeared without leaving a 
trace behind. 

There was one thing that the prince considered it 
was his duty to do, and that was to have the vessel 
searched from deck to hold, to make quite certain 
that no one was concealed in it, that no one was on 
board except himself and the crew. 

A search was accordingly made, but it led to no 
result whatever, for they did not think of examining 
the inside of the Golden Bull, not knowing from the 
weight that it was hollow, nor being able to see that 
there was a door in the side, so cunningly contrived 
5 65 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

had that been by the goldsmith to whom the princess 
had entrusted the work. 

There are ever bad men in the world, and among 
the bad men at that time was the captain of the 
ship in which was the prince. He had cast his 
covetous eyes on the Golden Bull, and he thought 
that if he could get rid of the prince, he might be 
able to secure this valuable object for himself, so 
one day, after he had told his intention to some of 
the sailors who were likewise of covetous minds, he 
threw the prince into the sea. 

However, there are good men as well as bad in 
the world, and there were of both on the vessel. 
The mate, when he saw what was done, hastily 
threw a hencoop overboard, and the prince caught at 
the coop, which floated, and he was saved from 
drowning. The waves and the wind washed him 
ashore on a little island. 

The captain now made great revelry. He had 
put poison into the drink of all those sailors who 
had not joined him, and there was great drinking in 
the cabin which had been the prince's. But just as 
the mate was putting his cup to his lips, all at once 
a lady's arm was passed over his shoulder, and a 
delicate hand snatched the vessel from his lips, 
turned it over, and spilled the contents on the floor. 
He started and looked round, but saw nothing save 
the Golden Bull. He was sitting with his back to this 
when the thing happened. All the other men, after 
drinking, fell down on the floor, with the exception 
of the captain. Those who had been true to the 
prince never rose again, for they had been poisoned, 

66 



The Golden Bull 

but the rest were drunken and drowsy, and they 
slept. 

The captain threw himself on the prince's bed, 
and very soon he also slept. The mate pretended 
to be like the rest, but he soon saw what turn 
matters had taken, and presently he rose, stepped on 
deck, and, taking the steering into his hands, turned 
the ship round, and sailed back as quickly as the 
wind would carry her, and before morning was 
at the shore upon which the prince had been 
cast up. 

He saw the prince on the beach, and signed to 
him to come on board. The prince did this, and he 
and the mate consulted what should be done. They 
went down together into the cabin and bound the 
captain. Then they roused the drunken sailors ; 
and found that those on whom they thought they 
could rely were all dead. 

Now the prince was in a very difficult pass. He 
needed the assistance of the sailors to manage the 
vessel. So he spoke to them, and declared that 
their treachery was counteracted, that he knew they 
had been persuaded to do wrong by the captain, 
whom he had bound with ropes, and would hang 
when he came to land, and that he would forgive 
them if they proved faithful for the rest of the 
voyage. 

They all promised to make amends for the past ; 
and the prince, who was of a generous nature, did 
not mistrust them. The mate was obliged at times 
to take his rest, and then the crew were able, 
unobserved and unheard, to contrive a fresh 

67 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

treachery, which was to release the captain from his 
bonds. 

One night, when the sea was calm, and the prince 
was asleep on his bed, the captain, discharged from 
his bonds by his confederates, entered the cabin with 
a dagger in his hand, and stole in stocking-soles 
towards the bed where the prince lay. 

He raised his right hand to strike to the prince's 
heart, and to make sure that he smote him a death- 
wound at once, he drew down the coverlet so as to 
expose his breast to the blade. 

But at that moment he was caught from behind, 
the dagger struck out of his hand, and he was 
thrown on the floor. He uttered a loud cry, and 
the prince, starting from sleep, saw a mysterious 
figure like a lady in a dress dappled and grey, 
who was withdrawing, and who suddenly disap- 
peared. 

His attention was mainly directed to the captain, 
and he sprang on him and drove the dagger into his 
heart. 

Thus was he happily delivered from this great 
danger ; and when the false-hearted sailors saw that 
all their machinations fell through, and that their 
captain was dead, their courage failed, and they asked 
forgiveness again, which the prince accorded them. 

He now appointed the mate to be captain of the 
ship. 

He was much perplexed to understand how and 
by whom he had been aided. Some one had most 
assuredly cast the treacherous captain down. 

Of this the prince was made more confident when 
6S 



The Golden Bull 

he found on his pillow a veil of the finest lawn, light 
as a cloud. This must have been dropped by the 
person or spirit which had come to his assistance. 
He ordered the ship to be again searched from stern 
to stern, but no one was found save those who were 
well known to be in the vessel. 

Nothing further is related of the voyage till the 
prince reached his native land. 

Then, with great care, the Golden Bull was trans- 
ported from the ship to his own apartment in the 
palace. 

The king his father was grieved to find that his 
son returned sad at heart. In fact, his mind ran on 
the beautiful princess, who was to have been married 
to the snuffy old king, but who had disappeared. 
He found that he could not get her out of his 
thoughts, and often in his dreams at night he 
fancied he saw her gliding through his room, and 
that she sometimes came to his side, stooped 
and kissed him. Then, if he woke, he saw a 
shadowy figure step back into the darkness and 
vanish. 

Now, one night, a very marvellous thing happened. 
It was the eve of May Day, and all the young men 
had gone to the woods singing, to bring the may 
bushes home to plant them at the doors of their 
true loves. 

The prince could not sleep. He was thinking 
that these youths all had their true loves, and he 
was without one. The only princess for whom 
he ever could care was lost, and whither gone none 
knew. 

69 



The Old English Fairy Tales J 



He heard the singers go by under his window, 
and this was their song — 



Awake, ye pretty maids, awake 

Refreshed from dewy dream. 
And haste to dairy-house and take 

For us a dish of cream. 

If not a dish of yellow cream, 

Then give us kisses three. 
The woodland bower is white with flower. 

And green is every tree. 

A branch of may we bear about, 

Before the door it stands, 
There's not a sprout unbudded out, 

The work of God's own hands. 

Awake, awake, ye pretty maids. 

And take the maybush in. 
Or 'twill be g-one ere to-morrow morn, 

And you'll have none within. 



At that time of the year there was plenty of 
light in the sky, and though the prince kept his eyes 
closed, he could see everything in his room. 

All at once, as the sound of the song died away, 
he beheld the side of the Golden Bull open and a 
beautiful lady issue from it. She came towards him. 
He saw that she was dressed in a gown that was 
covered with all the birds of the air. There was 
not light enough for him to distinguish her features, 
but he was almost sure this was the lost princess. 
She came straight towards him, stooped, and kissed 
his lips. 

70 



The Golden Bull 

In a moment he had his arms round her, and held 
her, and asked her who she was. 

Then she was obliged to tell him the truth, and she 
explained to him how she had remained hidden in 
the Golden Bull, and that she alone had the key 
whereby the side could be opened. 

The prince then bade her go back inside, and 
remain there till he had returned from a progress he 
had to make through the kingdom, to receive the 
homage of all the people, as his father, who was 
very old, was about to abdicate. Before she retired, he 
gave her a costly ring from his finger, and he told 
her not to open her door till he returned and knocked 
three times at the side of the bull. 

Then she retreated, and he started on his journey. 
But before he started, his mother had told him that 
his father and she had arranged to have him married 
to the daughter of the king of an adjoining country. 
This made the prince very agitated, and he assured 
his mother it would not be possible for him to do so, 
as his heart was otherwise engaged. He locked the 
door of his chamber, gave the key to his mother, and 
bade her on no account allow anyone to enter the 
room during his absence. 

After the prince had been gone a few days, three 
ladies of the court, who were great favourites of 
the queen, asked to be allowed to look at the prince's 
private apartments during his absence. They had 
heard that he had there a most marvellous work of 
art, a bull formed of pure gold, with silver horns and 
ruby eyes. 

The queen thought there could be no great harm 
71 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

in letting them in, so she gave them the key, and 
they entered the prince's chamber and examined 
everything there with the utmost inquisitiveness. 

But what most interested them was the Golden 
Bull. They looked at it from every side; and 
presently one of the ladies said, " I feel as if I could 
not leave the place till I had kicked it." 

" Nor I," said the second. 

" Nor I," said the third. 

Then each of the ladies kicked the Golden Bull, 
whereupon, to their vast astonishment, the door in 
the side of the bull opened, and the beautiful princess 
stepped out. Alas ! she had mistaken their kicks 
for the strokes that the prince had assured her would 
be the signal of his return. 

Now when the three ladies saw her, they cried 
out, " This is the witch who has won the heart of the 
prince, so that he cannot marry the Princess Borrio- 
boola, whom his mother, our most gracious queen, and 
his royal father have designed for him. Let us 
make away with her, and then he will do his duty." 

So these three cruel women laid their hands on 
the unfortunate princess, drew her on to a balcony, 
and threw her into the river beneath. 

Happily, as she fell, her garments spread on the 
waves, and they were of such a texture that they did 
not draw her under. On the contrary, all the 
embroidered birds thereon at once began to flutter 
their wings and chirp, and stay her up, so that they 
bore her along on the surface down the stream, till 
she reached a point where she could step ashore with 
convenience. 

72 



The Golden Bull 

Then all the birds that were embroidered on her 
gown became mute and motionless, and were em- 
broidery only. 

The princess sat sad under a tree. Then she 
divested herself of the dress of embroidered birds, 
and under it was the suit of the clouds. She folded up 
the bird suit and hid it in the branches of the tree. 

Presently a serving-maid came to the river to fetch 
water, and she saw the beautiful lady sitting under 
the tree weeping, in her gown of clouds. The maid 
was so astonished, that she ran back to the house 
where she served and told her master. Now the 
master happened to be the faithful mate, whom the 
prince had advanced to be captain. 

Hearing the strange tale of the serving-girl, he 
ran down to the water's edge, and saw the beautiful 
lady in a suit of clouds, sitting weeping under a tree. 
He approached her with great respect, and she told 
him all her story. 

Then he mused a while, and presently said, " I 
advise you to come to my house, where you shall be 
well treated, and we must wait till the return of the 
prince, and see what he says and advises." 

This seemed excellent judgment, and the princess 
gladly agreed to it. 

We must now return to the palace, and see what 
was taking place there. The ladies told the queen 
what they had done, and she approved of their con- 
duct. Then they advised that the Golden Bull should 
be removed to a place where the prince might not 
see it, and that they should brew for him the Water 
of Oblivion. To this his mother gladly consented. 

73 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

The Golden Bull was conveyed to the royal mint to 
be melted up. The three ladies, who knew some- 
thing of witchcraft, set to work, and concocted a 
draught which would take away from anyone who 
drank of it, the memory of the past. 

Now when they had brewed this, they brought it 
to the queen, and she undertook to give it to her son 
on his return. 

A few days later, the prince came home, full of 
impatience to see his dear princess, who lived in the 
Golden Bull. 

No sooner had he arrived at the palace, than his 
mother met him at the entrance with a cup in her 
hand, and said to him, " My dear son, you shall not 
cross the threshold till you have drunk to the health 
of your father and me." 

" My dearest mother," he replied, " there is nothing 
you bid me — except to marry the Princess Borrioboola, 
— that I will not do ; " and he drank off the contents 
of the goblet. 

Immediately all recollection of his voyage, of 
the princess, of the Golden Bull, passed from his 
mind. He went to his room, and did not notice that 
the Golden Bull had been removed. When his 
father informed him that his nuptials with the 
Princess Borrioboola were to take place in three 
weeks, he acquiesced as a matter of course. 

Therefore great gladness came over the hearts of 
the king and queen, and they ordered immediate 
preparations for the wedding. 

The tidings soon reached the princess, who was 
staying with the captain, and she wept bitterly at 

74 



The Golden Bull 

the fickleness of the youth whose life she had saved 
and who had professed such sincere affection. 

The captain in vain endeavoured to comfort her — 
she would not be comforted, for her heart was com- 
pletely won. 

At last she heard that the prince was engaging 
many servants to attend on him and the princess 
who was to be his wife. So, without telling even 
her good friend the captain, she disguised herself as 
a page, and offered herself to wait upon the prince. 
She was at once accepted, and ordered to attend at 
the splendid banquet that was to be given on the 
evening before the marriage. The poor disguised 
princess was obliged in seeming unconcern to see him, 
and to stand by whilst he offered a thousand civilities 
to the Princess Borrioboola. Her heart was nearly 
broken. She inquired of his attendants about the 
Golden Bull, and heard that it had been taken to be 
melted up to be struck in medals to commemorate 
the event of the prince's marriage. She further 
learned that the prince had not noticed the removal 
of the bull, nor had made any inquiries about it. 

At the banquet she stood behind his chair, and 
brought to him the wine in his goblet. Then she 
slipped the ring from her finger and dropped it in. 
The prince emptied his goblet, and, finding something 
at the bottom, looked closely, and found a ring. He 
took it out, considered it attentively, and uttered a 
loud cry. With the recovery of his ring, his memory 
had returned, for the virtue of the stone in the ring 
was such that it expelled all poison and destroyed 
all witchcraft. 

75 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

He sprang from table, and asked after the Golden 
Bull. When he heard that it was to be melted up, 
he was very wroth, and insisted on being conveyed 
immediately to the mint. Regardless of everything 
save the Golden Bull and his sweet princess, he 
hastened from the palace, and arrived at the mint 
just as the bull was about to be destroyed. He saw 
that the door in the side was open and that it was 
empty. Then he uttered loud cries, demanding the 
princess who had lived in the bull. 

He ran back to the palace, brandishing his sword, 
and he declared that he would be the death of any 
man who could not tell him what had become of the 
princess who lived inside the bull. 

When the Princess Borrioboola heard this, she 
thought he must be demented, and she hastily ordered 
her equipage, that she might depart. She had no 
desire to be the wife of a maniac. 

Presently the whole palace was in an uproar. 
The Princess Borrioboola departed. The prince 
rushed from one room to another, with his sword 
drawn, crying out that he must find his idolised 
princess. 

Then, he considered that she had worn the ring, 
and he began to call out for the page who had given 
him his cup. 

But the page could nowhere be found. But instead 
of the page, there entered his own beautiful princess, 
in her garment of embroidered birds, and all 
the birds were fluttering their wings and singing. 
She was a marvellous sight, and it was wonderful to 
hear the music made by her gown. 

76 



The Golden Bull 

When the prince saw her, he was delighted. He 
shed floods of tears and clasped her to his heart. 

The wedding took place next day, and the Golden 
Bull was actually melted up to form medals in 
commemoration of this happy marriage. The prince 
urgently entreated the princess to tell him who were 
the three ladies who had thrown her into the river, 
and he would have them burned alive; but so good 
of heart was she, that she refused to tell him, and 
they escaped without being punished, which was 
more than they deserved. 

I have read in ancient history that the Princess 
Borrioboola was married to the snuffy old king, and 
that they lived happily together, and that she got to 
like tobacco, and took to chewing a quid. But you 
cannot trust all history. 

Note. — The story of the Golden Bull is based on an old English 
ballad of the same title, which is merely a folk-tale thrown into 
wretched jingling- rhyme. The full title is "The Golden Bull, or 
the Garland of Love's Craftiness." The date of the ballad is the 
middle or end of last century. It was printed in Boro' Churchyard. 
In several points it resembles Catskin. Not only in both are there 
the three suits of garments, but in the Golden Bull the prince falls 
sick. In Catskin sickness is feigned. I have altered the conclu- 
sion in order to avoid the too close similarity, and have also a 
little amplified the middle of the tale with the appearances of the 
lady emerging from the bull. One characteristic feature belonging 
to the opening of the story, which classifies it with a whole series 
of folk-tales, for very good reasons I have had to modify. 

There is no copy of this ballad in the Roxburghe Collection, nor 
in the Douce, but I believe there is one in the Madder Collection, 
in Cambridge House Library. It was printed and sold by J. 
Evans, 41 Long Lane. 

Tom Dibdin one day bought the little chap-book tale, and was 
so struck with it that he composed out of it the popular musical 
sketch or operetta of " The Casket," 1803. 

77 



IV 

SOUTHERNWOOD 



There was once a girl. She lived by the sea. 
Every day she went down on the sea wall, and sat 
there on the chalkstones of which the wall was 
built, and stuck sprigs of southernwood in her hair, 
and rubbed the leaves in her hands. And because 
she always smelt of southernwood, both because of 
the sprigs in her hair, and because she rubbed the 
leaves in her hands, and because she sat among the 
bushes and on the young shoots, for this reason folk 
called her Southernwood. Whether she had any 
other name, and if so, what it was, I do not know. 

One day, as she sat on the sea wall looking out 
to sea, she saw the sharp fin of a shark coming along, 
and a fish which the shark was pursuing leaped out 
of the water and fell into her lap, and lay there gasp- 
ing and turning all colours, green, and yellow, and 
blue, and pink. 

Then Southernwood picked flints and chalkstones 
out of the wall, and threw them at the shark, and 
6 8i 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

drove it away, back into the deep sea. And when 
she saw it was gone, she put back the little rainbow 
fish into the water, and it swam away quite joyous. 

Next day, when Southernwood came down to the 
beach and sat on the sea wall, she saw the rainbow 
fish come swimming to her, and it had a gold 
ball in its mouth, and it rolled the golden ball to 
her feet, and then swam away. 

Southernwood picked up the ball and played with 
it. She threw it up and caught it again ; she rolled 
it before her, and ran after it. 

As she was going home, she passed along the 
paling of the park of the Reeve of Lynn. She 
stood at the gate, which was ajar, and looked in to 
see the beautiful trees, and flowers, and peacocks. 
And as she stood looking, the ball rolled out of her 
hand and ran in at the gate. Then she was 
frightened, for she could not get the ball again 
without going after it. To go after it within the 
park of the Reeve of Lynn she thought would be a 
great liberty. 

However, she saw no one about, and she could 
not bear to lose her golden ball, so she slipped in 
at the gate, and as she stooped to pick up the ball, 
she touched the gate with her heel, and it swang 
together, and shut with a snap. Then she was fast 
as a bird in a snare, or a rat in a trap. 

She was dreadfully unhappy, and tried in vain to 
open the gate. She wept, and she pulled at the 
handle till the blood ran out under her nails ; but 
she could not open it. 

Then she saw coming towards her an old lady 
82 



Southernwood 

with snow-white hair, very stately, and very richly 
dressed, and she knew it was the Reeve's mother. 

The lady said to her, " Now you are in my park, 
you must come and be my servant. You will have 
to clean the boots, and make the beds, and do the 
cooking-, and mind the cellar, and wait at table. 
And for all that you shall have the great and 
unparalleled honour of being entitled the maid-of-all- 
work to His Excellence the Reeve of Lynn." 

Southernwood could not help herself She was 
fast in the grounds of the Reeve, and could not 
get out. 

Then the lady began to instruct her as to the 
condition of affairs in the Reeverie, as the house was 
called. 

" You must know and understand," said the lady, 
" that my son is a very worthy and affectionate 
character, when his heart is in the right place. But 
there,' continued she " is the rub. His heart 
straggles about. Sometimes he leaves it on the 
table, or in his portmanteau and it is lost. You 
have no idea what cruel things he will do when 
he is heartless. He will stick pins into cockchafers 
and spin them. He once tied the cat and dog 
together by their tails. He once took my pet bull- 
finch — but I will spare you the harrowing details. I 
had to turn everything up and down till I found 
and restored his heart to its right place, and then he 
was quite overcome with regret for the batbarities 
he had committed." 

" That is very shocking," said Southernwood. 

" You are right," said the lady. " You see my 
83 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

hair is turned silver. One lock turned white through 
his cruelties." She continued : " Sometimes his 
heart is in his stomach, and then he is excessively- 
greedy. He is then not only greedy, but offen- 
sively dainty. He grumbles about his food, picks it, 
leaves half on his plate, and turns up his nose at 
all wines except the crustiest port and the driest 
Sillery." 

" That is very disgusting," said Southernwood. " I 
have been taught to be content, and thankful for 
plain food." 

" Quite right too," answered the lady. " It is 
disgusting, and his greediness and daintiness turned 
the second lock of my hair silver." She continued : 
" Sometimes his heart is in his pocket, and then he 
becomes outrageously avaricious. You must know 
that the duties of Reeve require him to impose and 
gather in the local taxes and rates of the town of 
Lynn. Now, when his heart is in his pocket, 
then he oppresses and tyrannises over the citizens 
of Lynn to such an extent, that, unless I picked his 
pocket, and restored his heart to the right place, a 
rebellion would break out, and he would have his 
reeveship taken from him." 

" That is very painful," said Southernwood. 

" It is extremely painful and distressing," answered 
the lady. " And his conduct in this matter has so 
troubled me that it has turned the third lock of my 
head white as snow. But I will proceed." Then 
she went on to say : " Sometimes he gets his heart 
down into his boots. You must know that one of 
the offices and duties and responsibilities of a Reeve 

84 



Southernwood 

is to call out and conduct the militia in times of 
peril. We are on the sea, and exposed to foreign 
invasion. The Danes make descents on us and 
ravage the country. On such occasions the Reeve is 
expected to marshal the forces of Lynn and fall on 
the enemy. But when my son has his heart in his 
boots, he runs away and hides in a mulberry bush, 
and leaves the militia to make head against the 
enemy undirected." 

" That is simply scandalous," said Southernwood. 

" It is as you say, scandalous," acquiesced the lady. 
" And his conduct in times of great national peril 
from invaders has turned the fourth lock of my hair 
to silver." Then the lady proceeded : " Sometimes 
my son gets his heart into his mouth, and then 
there is, I can assure you, nothing he will not 
blab. He reveals not only all family affairs, but 
also all the concerns of the town charities, which are 
managed by the Reeve and aldermen, and will not 
bear looking into. He has caused great confusion 
and irritation by his talkativeness on such occasions." 

" That is most injudicious," said Southernwood. 

" It is eminently injudicious," answered the lady ; 
" and I have long feared that all participation in the 
direction and distribution of the charities will be 
taken from him — and then, where should we be ? 
Solicitude on this account has turned to white the 
fifth lock of my hair. I will now tell you something 
more." 

" I pray you proceed," said Southernwood ; " what 
you relate is most interesting." 

" Then," said the lady, " you must know that 

85 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

one of the offices of the Reeve is to be justice of 
the peace, or, as it is more elegantly put, of the 
quorum, which is an expression which nobody 
understands, and which therefore is regarded as 
poetical, and generally preferred. As justice of the 
quorum, all kinds of evil-doers, and those suspected 
as evil-doers, are brought before him on the bench. 
Now, not infrequently, so careless is my son that he 
leaves his heart on the window sill, and it gets cold. 
When he is cold-hearted, he judges with extreme 
hastiness, and is incapable of admitting any extenua- 
tion in the case of misdemeanours." 

" That is very sad," said Southernwood. 

" It is more than sad, it is inhuman," answered the 
Reeve's mother ; " and his inhumanity on the Bench 
has turned my sixth lock snow-white. I will now 
proceed to explain what has blanched my last lock 
of hair. This is occasioned by his putting his heart 
on the hob, or too near the fire, or warming it in 
sack posset. Then he is unpleasantly warm-hearted. 
You may find on such occasions that he will chuck 
you under the chin, and try to kiss you, and even 
urge you to name the day — which," pursued the 
lady, " is clean ridiculous, as he is Reeve, and you 
in a menial position." 

" This is positively terrifying," said Southernw^ood. 
" I do not feel inclined to accept your situation, 
madam." 

" You cannot escape from it," answered the lady 
promptly. " Here you are, and here you remain, 
anyhow for one month." 

" I shall be in mortal terror of the Reeve," said 
S6 



Southernwood 

Southernwood, " Is there no means, madam, 
whereby the heart of your son can be fixed in the 
right place. It seems to me, speaking with all due 
deference, that it is always wandering and losing 
itself, and getting where it should not be." 

" I have considered that," said the lady ; " and 
now you put it to me, I have a scheme which I 
anticipate will have the desired effect. I think, if 
you will assist me in melting some strong fish-glue 
that we may be able to put glue on his heart, and 
so fasten it solidly in the right place. It will then 
only be in very damp weather — damp, and warm, 
and relaxing — that we need entertain any solicitude 
about his heart becoming detached." 

" I will assist you with great pleasure," said 
Southernwood. 

Accordingly the lady and Southernwood filled 
the outer receptacle of the glue-pot with hot water, 
and put two spoonfuls of water with the glue. 

" It must not be too weak," said the lady. 

" Nor too stiff," said the maiden. 

Then the Reeve of Lynn was fetched, and placed 
reclining on a sofa, and Southernwood gave him her 
golden ball to play with, whilst they melted the glue, 
and got his heart smeared with it. The mother had 
found him dozing, in a soporific condition, as she 
expressed it, because he had put his heart under 
the pillow on going to bed, and had forgotten it 
there. It had been found when the bed was made in 
the morning, and a good deal of feather-down adhered 
to it, because there was a hole in the pillow that had 
been neglected by the last maid, who was careless 

87 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

and a bad needlewoman, having been brought up 
with a sewing-machine from earliest infancy. 

The Reeve remained quite pleased, playing with 
the golden ball, whilst his mother endeavoured to 
brush away the down from his heart. 

Meanwhile the water in the pot boiled, and 
bubbled over. " The glue is melted and steaming," 
said Southernwood. Then the lady came to the 
glue-pot with the heart in her hand, but the steam 
came over her fingers and scalded them, and with 
an exclamation of pain, and not considering what 
she did, she dropped her son's heart, and it fell into 
the glue-pot and was completely immersed in the 
fluid fish-glue. 

The Reeve uttered a shriek of agony — threw 
away the golden ball and writhed in extremity of M 
torture on the floor. The lady in her terror and ■ 
distress put her fingers into the pot to remove 
the heart, but burnt them so that she could do 
nothing. 

" Quick ! the sugar-tongs ! " she shouted. 

" Where are they, madam ? " asked Southernwood. 
But before she received an answer the door was 
burst open, and in came the Queen of the Elves, in 
flaming rage, with lightning flashing from her eyes. 
She rushed to the fire and snatched up the glue-pot, 
then to the Reeve and caught him in her arms, and 
as she retired through the door she cried, " And 
is this the treatment my elf son receives among 
mortals ! " 

Then she disappeared, carrying with her the 
Reeve and his heart in the glue-pot. 

88 



Southernwood 

Now after this the lady recovered her composure. 
She wept a great deal, and, sitting on the sofa, 
beckoned Southernwood to her. Southernwood 
prepared to seat herself, but the lady said, with 
dignity, through her tears, " Nay, not so. You 
occupy a menial position, so stand and listen to me." 
Then the lady said, " Now I am certain of what I 
long guessed, or, to put it more elegantly, entertained 
suspicions. The Reeve zuas a changeling. When he 
was a babe, or rather, when my babe was born, 
before he was christened, on one occasion, the nurse 
brought in some guava jelly into my room, and for 
a moment I turned my attention from my cherished 
infant and only child to the consumption of guava 
jelly. In that moment, it is my belief, the Queen of 
the Fairies effected a change. She carried off my 
son, who was the beautifullest, most virtuous and 
intelligent baby ever was seen at the age of eighteen 
hours, and she put her own brat in his place. This 
has been the occasion of all my sorrow and all my 
difficulty with the Reeve. You must know that the 
Reeveship of Lynn is hereditary in our family. His 
father died at the birth of the blessed babe ; accord- 
ingly, from the cradle my infant was Reeve of Lynn ; 
but his function and office and authority have all 
these many years been usurped by an elfin changeling, 
whose heart was rarely, if ever, in the right place." 

" But," said Southernwood, " why should the 
Queen of the Elves have changed babes with you ? " 

" The reason, I have no doubt, is this. Every 
twenty years a full-grown elf has to be given up to the 
great whale. Leviathan, who lies in the Wash, which 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

is that tract of sea into which discharge the Glen, 
the Nene, the Ouse, and the Nar, and on which we 
are situated here at Lynn. I strongly suspect that, 
in order to save some elfin youth from being 
sacrificed to the great Leviathan, this change has 
been effected, and my poor son is to be delivered over 
to the voracity of the monster ; indeed, there is no 
saying but that he may already have fallen a victim." 

Southernwood tried ineffectually to console her 
mistress. But, finding her efforts in vain, she 
picked up her golden ball and left the room. She 
went down into the park, and considered what had 
happened. 

Now youthful hearts are buoyant, and she soon 
took pleasure in the beauties of the garden, and was 
especially attracted by some water lilies, silver and 
gold, that floated on a little pond in the park. She 
desired greatly to pluck one of these beautiful 
flowers, but in straining to get one, she let fall the 
golden ball, and it rolled into the water. 

She could not think of not making every effort to 
recover the gift of the rainbow fish. So she took 
off her shoes and stockings and went into the pond. 
Then she stooped, but at once the ball rolled in 
deeper. So she waded to her knee. She could still 
see the ball shining through the water, so she 
stooped to take it. Again the ball rolled away, as 
her fingers touched it, and she was constrained to 
wade up to her waist. As the ball was still discern- 
ible, she put down her arm through the water, but 
in her effort to secure it touched it with her foot, 
and it rolled on, still farther to the middle of the 

90 



Southernwood 

pond. Then Southernwood waded on till the water 
reached her armpits. 

As she saw the ball glimmering out of the depth, 
she made a dive, got her head under water, and 
grasped the ball. 

But now, imagine what happened ! 

To her great surprise she found herself in a new 
world. She was walking on sparkling sands in 
which were beautiful shells, and trees of coral and 
waterweed grew before her, and the loveliest fish 
swam about and lodged in the branches of coral and 
weed. 

As she looked about in the greatest admiration, 
she heard a sad voice lamenting, and she held her 
breath and listened. The voice was that of a young 
man, and he sang — 

"Alack and a day that I must die 

(The prickles are sharp, but the leaves are green), 
And never again see the Norfolk sky 
(And the sweet birds sing in the treen). 

Alack and a day that the loathly whale 

(The prickles are sharp, but the leaves are green). 

Will swallow me up withouten fail 

(And the sweet birds sing in the treen). 

Alack and a day, I would see the sun 
(The prickles are sharp, but the leaves are green), 

Before my bonnie sweet life is done 
(And the sweet birds sing in the treen)." 

When Southernwood heard this, then, she was full 
of wonder and sorrow, for she remembered what the 

91 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

lady had said to her, and she stole along on tiptoe, 
to observe the singer unseen. She saw a beautiful 
young man sitting under a bush of coral. He was 
very pale and sad. He heard the rustle of her 
movements as she stirred the bushes and broke off 
the twigs, and he started to his feet and looked at 
her with amazement. 

He asked who she was, and she told him all. Then 
she asked him why he wept and sang so doleful a 
ditty. And he said to her that he was in Elfinland, 
and it was the custom in Elfinland every twenty 
years to deliver up a full-grown elf to the great 
Leviathan who lived in Lynn Deeps in the Wash. 
At one time they used to give a child every ten 
years to the monster; but they considered that this 
was such a sacrifice, that it would be preferable to 
feed the loathly whale once in twenty year*: with a 
full-grown elf; and, he added, the elves did all in 
their power to secure human children in exchange 
for their own, that they might rear them up for the 
food of the monster. This is what had occurred to 
him. He had been carried away when in his cradle, 
because his mother had not watched him every 
moment night and day till he was christened. And 
now he was twenty, and the Elfin Queen was going 
to convey him to the Wash and cast him to the 
Leviathan. He said, moreover, that every time the 
lot was cast who was to provide the victim on the 
next occasion. On the last the lot had fallen to the 
Elfin Queen, and she must either sacrifice her own 
child or that of human parents. Accordingly, she 
had made an exchange, and had left her child with 

92 



Southernwood 

his mother, and had taken him away from his 
mother, and had nourished him up till now, and that 
night he was to be taken to be cast into the maw of 
the loathly whale. 

When Southernwood heard this, she was much 
amazed, and she further asked the youth whether 
there was no hope of saving him. 

He answered that there was. As it happened, 
that very day the Elf Queen had brought back her 
own son into Elfland, he was very ill because his 
heart had fallen into a glue-pot. Now, if only he, 
the human youth, could be rescued, then the Elf 
Queen would have to deliver up her recovered son ; 
and as there was no probability of his heart ever 
being cleansed again from the adhesive and disgust- 
ing material in which it was enveloped, it would be 
no grea.t matter if he were eaten. 

Southernwood asked how the youth might be 
saved. 

Then he answered and said, " This night, when 
the moon rises, a great train of elves will issue from 
the pond, which is the great entrance to Fairyland. 
Before them will travel the will o' the wisp, and 
you will hear fairy music. Then will come the 
elf-folk in three companies, on their tiny horses." 

"How shall I know ^you,", asked Southernwood, 
" when so many pass by ? " 

Then he replied — 

"The very first band that passes by, 
Say nothing to that show. 
The very next band that passes by, 
Say nothing and let it go." 

93 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

" But when the third company passes, how 
shall I know you in that ? " asked the maiden. 

**0 first let pass the black, black steed. 
And then let pass the brown ; 
But when you see a milkwhite steed, 
Then cast the rider down. 

My rig-ht hand it shall wear a glove, 

My left hand shall be bare ; 
And these the tokens I give you, love, 

By which you'll know me there." 

" But how," asked the maiden, " shall I be able to 
cast you off your milkwhite steed ? " 

"O you must take your golden ball, 
And cast it unto me. 
And if you'd make the white horse fall. 
Then strike him above the knee." 

" And when the horse Is struck, what shall I do 
then ? " asked Southernwood. 

** O take me in your arms, fair maid. 
And hold me to your heart. 
Whate'er you see, be not afraid. 
And never from me let part. 

They'll turn me in your arms, fair lass, 

To an adder and a worm ; 
But hold me fast, nor let me pass. 

And none shall do you harm. 

They'll turn me in your arms, fair lass. 

To an adder and a snake ; 
But hold me fast, nor let me pass. 

And all for my mother's sake. 

They'll turn me in your arms, fair maid, 

To a goose, and then a swan. 
Then wrap your mantle, nor be afraid. 

And again I'm a Christian man." 

94 



Southernwood 

Now when the young man had said this, he bade 
Southernwood make haste to depart, before the 
elves should see her. If they were to find her in 
their realm, they might detain her there, and not 
suffer her to depart. Perhaps they might even 
retain her for the next occasion when the Leviathan 
had to be fed. 

He bade her roll the golden ball before her, and 
follow where it led. She did so, and the ball rolled 
away, and she ran after it. Then she rose out of 
the water, first her head, then her shoulders, then 
her body to the waist. Lastly she rose to her knees, 
and she forthwith stepped on land. 

Never one word did she speak of what she had 
seen and heard, but that night, just before the moon 
rose, she went into the garden and waited near the 
gate, for she knew that the elfin train would pass 
that way. Then presently she saw the horn of the 
moon glitter over the wall, and immediately a little 
will o' the wisp danced down the drive. And when 
it came to the gates, they opened of themselves, 
quite wide, and the flame passed through. 

Next she heard the sweetest and softest music, 
so soft and sweet that she nearly closed her eyes 
and slept for pleasure. But there was spear-grass 
growing near, and she took the spear - grass and 
twisted it in her hair and pulled, and it drew her 
hair together with much pain, and that kept her 
awake. 

The first band that passed consisted of fairy pages 
on tiny ponies. 

Southernwood had not only been assured that 
95 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

the true Reeve of Lynn would not be in that 
company, but also she knew, by the size of those 
who rode, that among them he could not be. 

The next band that passed consisted of fairy 
damosels, the maidens in waiting, the ladies of the 
bedchamber, the ladies of the bathroom, the ladies 
of the store-cupboard and the ladies of the dairy. 

Southernwood had been told to let the second 
company pass unnoticed, and she did so, not only 
because informed that the true Reeve would not be 
there, but also because he obviously did not belong 
to a party that was made up of the other sex. 

But when the third band passed, it was otherwise. 
This comprised all the nobles and knights of Fairy- 
land, in their richest vestures, all magnificently 
attired, and riding beautiful horses. 

Among them came the King of the Elves on a 
black steed, and Southernwood let him pass. 

Next came the Queen of the Elves on a brown 
jennet, and she allowed her to ride by. 

But when she saw a milkwhite steed, whereon 
rode a young man with one hand gloved, then she 
knew that this must be the true Reeve of Lynn, who 
was being taken to be devoured by the sea-monster 
in the Wash. 

Then, with all her force, she threw the golden 
ball, and it struck the white palfrey a little above 
the knee. The horse stumbled, went down and 
rolled over, and his rider was flung on the grass. 

Instantly Southernwood sprang to him, caught 
him in her arms, and folded her mantle about him. 

There was a great cry and commotion among 

96 



Southernwood 

the elves, they came round the maid, and the knights 
levelled their spears and tilted at her, but could not 
touch her. Then the queen spoke a word of power ; 
and immediately the beautiful youth in Southern- 
wood's arms became a writhing, hideous serpent 
with three heads, that put forth forked tongues and 
threatened to bite her and spit poison. But she 
had a brave heart, and she did not let go her hold. 

Then the queen spake a second word of power, 
and immediately the serpent became a great fire of 
flames and smoke in Southernwood's arms, rushing 
up and surrounding her face. But she remained 
firm, and wrapped her mantle the tighter about the 
fire, and it waxed faint. 

Then the queen spake a third word of power, and 
at once the fire was transformed into a white swan. 
Southernwood held the great swan very fast, although 
it fluttered and struggled to disengage its wings. 

Thereupon there rose a sighing and a sobbing, 
and the elves ran and came dragging after them the 
false Reeve of Lynn, the fairy changeling. The 
queen wept piteously, but it was of no avail, he 
must be the victim, as the true Reeve had been 
snatched from her power. 

But it must be said that the intended victim 
seemed indifferent to his situation and regardless of 
his impending fate. This was perhaps due to the 
enormous amount of fish-glue that encased his heart, 
and had now hardened. 

The train swept on, drawing the false Reeve with 
it. Then the gates closed, and no more of the elves 
was seen or heard. 

7 97 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Immediately the swan resumed the human shape. 
The true Reeve of Lynn slipped out of the arms of 
Southernwood, thanked her most gratefully for what 
she had done, and, taking her by the hand, conducted 
her to his mother, with the dignity and grace of a 
prince rather than of a reeve. 

Now when he came to his mother, she was 
delighted and rejoiced beyond measure. She kissed 
and embraced him, she wept and laughed for joy. 

The Reeve suffered his mother to give full rein to 
her feelings for some while, but when she paused 
for exhaustion, he made to her a profound bow, and, 
drawing Southernwood forward, said, " Madam, to 
this sweet and beautiful damsel I owe my escape 
from a most terrible fate. By her energy, by her 
courage, by her resolution, she succeeded in deliver- 
ing me. I have resolved that she shall be my wife." 

His mother seemed a little staggered and offended. 
Assuming a grave aspect, she said, " My dear son, 
gratitude is an admirable virtue, and eminently 
suitable in a Reeve of Lynn. But every virtue may 
be carried to an excess. You must remember this 
person, otherwise so admirable, occupies a menial 
position, and is in indigent circumstances." 

'"Position and circumstances be hanged!' which is 
an expression used in the first circles of Elfin Land," 
said the Reeve, with another bow. " My dearest 
lady mother, much as I respect your judgment, in 
this matter I shall be ruled by my own feelings. 
Whatever may have been the position and circum- 
stances of this lovely maid, of whom I am passionately 
enamoured, and to whom I am attached by the 



Southernwood 

most sacred obligations of gratitude, henceforth her 
circumstances shall be mine, or mine hers, and her 
position shall be that of mistress of my house, and 
reevedom, and person. And, dearest mother, in- 
asmuch as hitherto you have been sore troubled, 
even to the silvering of your seven locks, by solicitude 
for the heart of your supposed son, now, to ensure 
to you and every one that your true son's heart is 
in the right place, I commit its custody to my dying 
day to sweet Southernwood." 

Note. — The story of Southernwood is based, but based only, 
on the ballad of Tarn Lin. We have this only in Scottish form, 
but Tommy o' Lynn is well known all over England and the 
subject of humorous song-s. Moreover, the story of his capture 
by fairies and his release is common to all peoples. The maid 
and the gold ball I have worked in from another tale, to which it 
does not properly belong ; the real story concerns the loss of the 
golden ball, and the sentence of the maid to execution unless it 
be produced. I have also worked in the universally known story 
of the fairy changeling, common in Ireland, in Scotland, in 
Wales, and in Cornwall. In folk-tales the same elements are 
worked up again and again, and this is my sole justification for 
the hotch-potch of a story, Southernwood. For Tam Lin see 
Child, English and Scottish Popular Ballads, No. 39. For The 
Golden Ball, see appendix to Henderson's Folklore of the Xorthern 
Counties^ ed. 1866, and Jacobs' More English Fairy Tales. I must 
admit that the bit of ballad, p. 91, is not a genuine old fragment. 



99 



V 

THE SHEPHERD'S DAUGHTER 



There was once a king of England, and he was 
very fond of hunting. He went out hunting in the 
forest one day, and he had taken with him a roast 
chicken to eat when hungry. 

He had hunted all the morning without success, 
and by the middle of the day he was separated from 
all his attendants, and was hot and hungry and 
tired. Then he came out on a bit of furzy moor, 
and there he saw a green mound, and he sat upon it. 
He opened his wallet, and pulled out the chicken, 
and ate. 

As he was very hungry, he not only ate the meat, 
but he picked the bones clean, and then threw the 
bones away. He threw them down impatiently, 
because he was very vexed that all his hunting had 
been in vain. 

All at once a little woman stood before him with 
a stick in her hand, and she was brandishing this 
with vehemence, and her other hand was clenched, 

103 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

and she spluttered when she spoke, so angry was 
she. The little woman was no taller than the king's 
knee. He was much surprised, and asked her what 
made her angry. 

She answered, screaming shrilly, " You have 
thrown your chicken bones against my children ! you 
have lamed one, and broken the head of another, 
and all are bruised and crying." 

Then the king thought he heard a little shrilling 
in the grass like crickets — but it was the crying of 
the old woman's children. 

" This is my house," continued the old woman ; 
" you are sitting on the roof, and throwing the bones 
at my children, who were playing in the grass, en- 
joying the sun out of doors. And now, because 
you have done this thing, your daughter shall be 
taken from you, that is just born to you in St. James's 
Palace, and shall be carried away, and you shall not 
see her again, till the day she is given in marriage, 
and she shall be brought up as a poor shepherd's 
daughter, and shall keep sheep upon the moor." 

Then the little woman disappeared. 

The king mounted on his horse, and sounded his 
horn, and presently his huntsmen came up. He 
told them what he had seen and heard, and they 
looked, and lo ! the mound of green turf had sunk 
into the ground, and could not be seen at all. So 
all thought, though too polite to say so, that the 
king had been dreaming. 

When, however, the king came home from hunt- 
ing, he found St. James's Palace all in commotion. 
That very day a little daughter had been born to 

104 



! 



The Shepherd's Daughter 

him, and no sooner was she born, than she had been 
spirited away. 

The nurses and the chambermaids and the 
chamberlains looked everywhere for the babe, — in the 
cupboards, under the pillows, they turned up the 
chairs, they ransacked the drawers, they shook at 
the curtains, they beat the carpets, they turned out 
the dustbin, but nowhere could the newly - born 
princess be found ; moreover, the royal squires rode 
about as fast as they could, round the palace, and 
through the parks, but they could not see anyone 
going away with the new-born baby. 

It was very sad. And the saddest thing was 
that the king and queen knew, from what the little 
old woman had said, that the princess had been 
carried away into the country and given to some 
shepherd, and that she would be brought up as a 
country girl, and be married, they had no doubt, to 
some country bumpkin. But that was not all. 
They had no other child, and whoever married the 
little princess would become King of England. 

" It would be very painful," said the queen, " if 
she were to marry a Giles Scroggins." 

" It would be worse if his name were Buggins," 
said the king. 

" I don't think the people would stand it," said the 
queen ; " fancy on the coin of the realm Buggiiis, 
D.G., F.D." 

" There would be a revolution," said the king. 

" Then, again, his manners," said the queen. 

" And his morals," said the king. 

" We really know nothing of the manners and 
105 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

morals of the common people," observed the 
queen. 

" That is true," responded the king, and became 
thoughtful. 

" I have always had a great abhorrence of what is 
common!' said the queen. 

" Yet you say your devotions out of the Book of 
Common Prayer," retorted the king. The queen 
then changed the topic. 

Now it must be told that the little princess was 
whisked away by the pixy who lived under the 
mound, and was dropped into the arms of a shep- 
herd's wife who was shelling peas. This good 
woman was a little short of sight, and she really 
thought, as she shelled peas, that the babe had 
tumbled out of a pod. So she had her christened 
Sweet Pea, not because the pod out of which she 
came was other than that of the common pea, or 
that the peas among which she lay were other than 
common garden peas, that are boiled with mint ; but 
because, though ordinary peas are sweet, this darling 
little baby was a thousand times sweeter. 

The shepherd and his wife were very fond of her, 
and she grew up in their cottage, believing them to 
be her father and mother, and she learned to be 
thrifty and industrious and truthful and honest. 

As they were very poor, she was obliged to work. 
In time the shepherd became old and feeble, and 
then Sweet Pea was sent out on the moors with the 
sheep. 

Now it happened one day that the Duchess of 
Cornwall had gone with her ladies to a lake there 

1 06 



The Shepherd's Daughter 

is in Cornwall called Dozmaree, and they amused 
themselves with sailing in a boat on the rippling 
blue water. The duchess was knitting, and every now 
and then she put her knitting-pins into the water ; 
she said she wondered how deep the lake was. 

Then all at once there rose up beside the boat a 
man who was half a fish. He had long black hair 
hanging down, like seaweed, and a flat face, very 
pale, and large fishy eyes, and fins where men grow 
whiskers. He splashed the water over the duchess 
and her ladies, and they saw he had webbed hands. 
He was in a great rage, and could hardly speak. 
But at last he screamed out — 

" Beneath the waters where you swim, 
Sits my wife with babies three ; 
Why should you stick your knitting"-pin, 
Blind them that they cannot see?" 

And he said, that when the duchess thrust down 
her knitting-pin into the water, she stuck it into the 
eyes of his children. She had blinded one in both 
eyes, and the second had lost the right eye, and the 
third had lost the left. 

The duchess was so astonished and frightened 
that she could not speak. 

Then the mere-man said, '' Because you have 
done this, your son, that is just born, shall go clean 
contrary to what he wishes and ought to do. I 
cannot alter his heart, but I can make him go 
against all he would desire to do with his good 
heart." 

Then he dropped under the waves, and they saw 
107 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

him no more, but they heard a sort of plaintive 
sound, such as is made by mussels and oysters when 
drawn by the waves over stones — but it was the 
wailing of the mere-babes because their eyes had 
been put out by the duchess's knitting-pins. 

The unhappy duchess was too grieved and 
ashamed to tell her husband what had happened, 
but she thought much about the ill wish that the 
mere-man had laid on her beautiful little boy, who 
was called William, and who, because he was fairer 
and sweeter in appearance than any other William 
in Cornwall, was called Sweet William. 

Nevertheless, in spite of his name, he grew up to 
■be a sour and bitter William. He was very amiable 
in heart, but when he desired to kiss his nurse, then, 
instead, he slapped her ; and when he wished to say 
" You dear " to anyone who was kind to him, he 
said instead, " You are a naughty old pig." This 
was very sad, and the Duke of Cornwall was much 
troubled. He could not understand it. Of a good 
tree comes good fruit, and he and the Duchess were 
so good, that it was a wonder to everyone in Corn- 
wall that so cantankerous and uncourteous a boy 
should have been born to them. 

The duchess wept, and became pale and worn. 
Then, one night she had a dream, and in that dream 
she saw the Fairy Morgana, who is the greatest of 
all the fairies in Cornwall, and wishes well to all 
Cornish people. The fairy said to her, " Fern- 
seed is good for blind eyes. Go, scatter fern-seed on 
the waters of Dozmaree, and see what comes of it." 

Next day the duchess awoke, and remembered 
1 08 



The Shepherd's Daughter 

well what she had dreamed. So she went with her 
ladies over the moors and hills to the lake, and as 
she went, she plucked fern leaves and rubbed the 
seed into her hands, and filled a large reticule with it. 
When she came to Dozmaree, she mounted the 
boat and rowed over the lake, and all the way with 
both hands she strewed fern-seed, and as she strewed 
she sang — 

" The fern-seed rlg-ht and left I strew, 
Mere-man, for your babies three ; 
I g-rleve that I did wrong- to you. 
Fern-seed maketh eyes to see." 

Then out of the water rose the mere-man, and he 
said, " Because you have done this thing, and 
restored sight to my babes' eyes, I take off my ill 
wish as much as I can. Your son shall be changed 
to be in manner what he is in heart, as soon as he is 
married. Marriage is sovereign to surly manners." 

Then he went down under the water again, and 
they saw him no more. 

Now the Duchess told her husband what she had 
done, told him the whole story ; and they considered 
that William should be sent to the court at St. 
James's, to be there brought up where are the best 
of manners and morals. Moreover, there he would 
be sure to find some beautiful, amiable, accomplished 
and noble maiden, suitable to become his wife and 
future Duchess of Cornwall. 

So William went to the court of the King of 
England. Now, before he came, the queen sighed, 
and she said to the king, " Oh, if only our dear 

109 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

daughter had not been whisked away from us — she 
would now be old enough to be married, and it 
would have been so nice to have married her to the 
heir of the Duchy of Cornwall — so much better than 
going hunting after foreigners. But it is all your 
doing." 

" What is my doing ? " 

" Why, it is through your want of consideration 
in throwing chicken bones at the poor little pixies." 

" I never saw them," said the king. 

" Because you never look about you ; you are so 
inconsiderate. It was all your doing." 

" Well, I never ! " said the king. 

" It is of no use your saying ' W^ell, I never ! ' If 
you had looked before you threw chicken bones, as 
every wise and sensible and moral man ought to do, 
this would never have happened. As I said before, 
it is all your doing." 

" I think you might have minded the cradle a 
little better," observed the king. 

" How could I ? " asked the queen indignantly. 
" And to think of your throwing chicken bones about 
when your blessed babe was born ! " 

Now when William, son of the Duke of Cornwall, 
arrived at the court, then everyone was struck with 
his beauty and gracefulness. And everyone ex- 
claimed, " Surely this is Sweet William ! " 

But he had not been there many days before they 
found that in all he did he was ungracious and even 
unkind. 

William was troubled at this ; he knew that he 
wished well, and desired to do courteous things, but 

no 



The Shepherd's Daughter 

somehow he ahvays said and did just the wrong 
thing, and made enemies where he ought to have 
made friends. Immediately after he had done a 
rude thing or said an unkind word, he was sensible 
of it, and laboured to undo what he had done amiss, 
and always made matters worse by the attempt. 

Consequently, he had no friends, and he did not 
play games with the rest, nor walk nor ride with the 
rest ; and it was very little likely that he would win 
the heart of any fair lady. 

After he had been some time at the king's court, 
he returned home to see his father, who was dying, 
and he remained at home till the duke was dead. 
Then he determined to go back to the court and 
pay his respects, as Duke of Cornwall, to the king 
and queen. After that he would return to his 
duchy and attend to it ; but he greatly feared that, 
however much he might wish to be a generous and 
good duke, he would only irritate and annoy the 
Cornish people. 

He was riding alone, on his way back to London, 
when he passed over the moor on which Sweet Pea 
was tending her sheep. 

Now I must tell you that this same day Sweet 
Pea was sitting on a green mound that rose out of 
the heather. She had taken with her for her food a 
hard-boiled egg. As she was hungry at noon, she 
pulled the egg out of her pocket and began to peel 
it. The shell she broke carefully, and put all the 
little pieces on a stone, one on top of another, and 
she had broken them so neatly that they were all 
round and of one shape. Then she took the fine 

III 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

skin that is inside the shell, and she stripped it 
carefully, and with a pair of scissors cut the fine skin 
into strips, and began to sew them together with a 
needle she had, and which she threaded with a fibre 
from a spider's cobweb, and she made out of the 
skin little shirts. 

She heard a cackling laugh, and looked up. There 
stood before her a funny old woman, who looked 
smilingly on her, and said, " Little shepherd's 
daughter, will you give me the eggshell cups you 
have made ? They will serve as porridge bowls for 
my children." 

" With all my heart," said Sweet Pea ; " and if you 
want more, I will bring another egg to-morrow and 
make more." 

" You are very good," said the little woman ; 
" and in payment I will bring you your husband 
this way — and his name is Sweet William." 

Then the little woman looked at what the girl was 
doing, and said, " May I see what you have made?" 

" By all means," said Sweet Pea, and she put the 
little doll suits into the old woman's hand. Then 
the pixy — for a pixy it was — danced and capered 
and screamed for joy. And when she ceased, she 
said, " Will you give me these for my little children ? " 

'' Most gladly," answered Sweet Pea ; " and if you 
want more, I will bring another egg to-morrow and 
make you as many more shirts and jackets as you like." 

Then the pixy said, " Because you have done this, 
I will tell you who you really are. You are not a 
shepherd's daughter. You are the daughter of the 
King and Queen of England. And now — see — out 

112 



The Shepherd's Daughter 

of the forest comes riding the man who is to be 
your husband. Follow him, and do not tell him you 
are a princess." 

Then the little woman disappeared, taking with 
her the eggshell porridge bowls and egg-skin shirts. 
Now, as William, Duke of Cornwall, came riding 
through the heather, his dog that he had ran after 
Sweet Pea's lambs and sheep and scattered them. 
Then William called to the dog. He wanted to 
call him off, but instead of shouting, " Lion — come 
back ! " he called, " Lion — at them ! " 

So the dog pursued his sport, and he ran down 
one sheep, and then another, and killed all the flock 
of Sweet Pea. She wept and entreated, but it was 
all in vain — every one of her sheep and lambs was 
torn and dead. Then she went weepingly to the 
beautiful, princely-looking young man riding on his 
horse and told him that these sheep were all that 
her father and mother possessed, and that unless they 
were paid for the old people would perish from want. 

He looked at her, and thought how lovely she 
was, and he wished to pay her for what damage his 
dog had done, but when he pulled out his purse, in- 
stead of giving it her, he struck her in the face with it. 

Then she asked what was his name. She must 
have justice done. And so distressed and angry was 
she, that she forgot all that the pixy had said to her. 

He answered — 

"O some clo call me Jack," he said, 

"And some do call me Jame, 
But when I'm in the king's high court, 

Sweet William is my name." 

8 113 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Then he struck spurs into his horse and rode away, 
and the dog followed him. He was unhappy and 
wroth with what had happened, but it was like his 
ill luck : when he wished to do right, then he did 
wrong, and when he wished to say a civil word, then 
he said a rude one. 

He took his horse all by the head, 

And swift away did ride ; 
She gathered up her skirts and ran 

Hard by his stirrup side. 
And when she to a river came, 

She bared her breast and swam ; 
And when she was on the green grass, 

Then swift a-foot she ran. 
He never was a courteous knight 

To bid her mount and ride. 
And she was such a simple maid, 

She did by him abide. 

Thus she ran on, and as she ran, her feet were 
wounded, and the blood flowed from them. But she 
heeded it not. She was resolved to have justice 
done for the sheep the dog had slain, for the sake of 
the poor old couple whose they were, and because 
they had been entrusted to her. 

Now the darkness began to come on, and it would 
soon be night. Nevertheless she ran on, as says 
the ballad — 

"Now stay, the night is falling fast, 

Full weary thou must be." 
" I will not stay, by night or day, 

But run 'longside of thee." 

As soon as ever they came to London gates, then 
the youth galloped hard away over the pavement, 

114 



] 



The Shepherd's Daughter 

but she was so weary and so lame that she could 
only limp along. But she asked her way to the 
king's palace, and when she reached it, then she 
stood at the door and knocked and rang. 

There was no servant in the hall 

Nor noble heard the din ; 
So down there came the king himself, 

And let the fair maid in. 

Now the king was very much astonished when he 
saw a poor shepherd girl at the palace door, breath- 
less with running, soiled with dust, and with blood 
flowing from her feet. 

He was a courteous king, so he led her into the 
hall, and made her sit down, and then he asked her — 

"What wouldst thou have of me?" he said; 

'* O, what dost seek?" said he. 
"Thou hast a man in thy fair court 

That hath a-robbed me." 
"What hath he robbed thee of, fair maid? 

Of purple or of pall? 
Or hath he ta'en the red gold ring 

From off thy finger small?" 

Then the shepherd's daughter answered and said : 
" He has not taken from me purple or pall, for I 
have none of these things, but only brown linsey- 
woolsey gowns. And as for a gold ring, I never 
saw gold in my life, and very seldom any silver." 
Thereupon she told the king how the young knight 
had come riding up with his dog, and how the dog 
had worried her sheep, and the knight, instead of 
calling off the dog, had urged it on, and then how, 

1^5 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

when she had asked him to pay for all the sheep 
that had been killed, he had struck her across the 
face. 

Now, vvhen the king heard this story, you may be 
sure he was very angry, for not only was he a 
courteous king, but also he was just. But he had 
many knights and noble youths in his court, and he 
did not know which of all these was the guilty one. 
So he said — 

"How dost thou know this noble knight? 

What dost thou know him by?" 
'* By his locks that are as yellow wheat, 

And by his bright blue eye.'" 

The king answered in great wrath — 

"Oh, if he be a married man, 

I'll hang him on a tree ; 
But if he be a bachelor, 

His body I'll give to thee." 
The king he called up his men 

By one, by two, by three ; 
Sir William once was first of all. 

But now the last came he. 
Then out he held full fifty pounds, 

All wrapped in a glove. 
" Fair maid, I'll give the same to thee. 

Go, seek another love." 
"Oh, I want nothing of thy gold, 

Nor nothing of thy fee. 
But I will have thy body whole 

Which the king hath granted me." 

There was no help for it. The king had promised, 
and William was obliged to submit. He was very 
wroth, because he was Duke of Cornwall, and this 

ii6 



I 



The Shepherd's Daughter 

was but a poor shepherd's daughter. A marriage 
was to be made, but not in London. The king 
said it should be in Cornwall, where all might see 
their new duchess wed. Then said the duke — 

"Would I had drunk the water clear 

When I did drink the wine, 
Rather than any shepherd's brat 

Should be a lady of mine ! 
Would I had drunk the puddle foul 

When I did drink g-ood ale, 
Rather than here that shepherd maid 

Should shame me with her tale ! " 

Then she answered him — 

"A shepherd maiden though I was, 

You might have let me be ; 
I never had come to London town 

To ask for aught from thee. 
A shepherd brat what if I was ? 

You might have ridden by, 
And never a word to you, fair knig-ht. 

Had ever spoken I." 
He set her on a milkwhite steed. 

Himself upon a g"rey, 
And forth he rode with the shepherd maid 

From London town away. 
The very first town they came unto, 

He bought her a golden ring, 
The very next town they came unto, 

He made her a gay wedding-. 

Then up and spoke the shepherd maid : " Foras- 
much as now I am your wife, and Duchess of Corn- 
wall, I will tell you who I be. Think not that I am 
a poor shepherd's brat. I am better born than you. 
For you are a duke's son, and I am the daughter of 

117 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

the king and queen. Think not that I am poor as 
the shepherd with only his flock of sheep ; I am the 
heiress of the crown of England. You have in this 
Cornish land great mines of tin, but I have all the 
golden treasure of great England. 

If you make me lady of one g-ood town, 
I make you lord of three." 

Then there was great rejoicings throughout the land 
when the tidings were known, that the only daughter 
of the king and queen was found, and was married 
to William, Duke of Cornwall. And now also was 
the Duchess of Cornwall glad, for her son's good 
heart shone forth in all he said and did. For, indeed, 
marriage is the sovereign cure for churlishness. And 
the king and queen of England laughed and cried 
for gladness, and made the fountains in London spout 
wine, and they threw buns, with many currants in 
them, out of their state carriage windows as they 
drove through the streets. Indeed, there was great 
rejoicing, such as cannot be described. 

You must know that ever after, the eldest son of 
the King and Queen of England is entitled, not only 
Prince of Wales, but also Duke of Cornwall, for in 
the marriage of Sweet William and Sweet Pea, the 
realm of England was united to the ancient duchy 
of Cornwall, thenceforth to be " One and All." -^ 

Note. — The story of the Shepherd's Daughter is based on a folk- 
tale combined with a folk-ballad. The ballad is very well known. 
It first appeared in print as " The Beautiful Shepherdesse of 
Arcadia," and was reprinted in the Roxhurghe Ballads, Hi. i6o ; it 

1 " One and All " is the motto of the duchy of Cornwall. 



The Shepherd's Daughter 

is very well known still among- the peasantry of England, and is 
sung- to a fine ancient melody. It is known well also in Scotland. 
A snatch of the ballad occurs in Beaumont and Fletcher's play, 
''The Knight of the Burning Pestle," that was printed in 1613. 
The story is perhaps derived from the older " Ballad of Sir Gawain's 
Marriage." See concerning it Professor Child's English and 
Scottish Ballads, the new edition, No. no. The folk-tale I have 
combined with it is one I remember being told as a child. 

In Roger of Wendover's Floivers of History, written in 1235, is 
the story of King Edward, son of Alfred the Great, and the 
Shepherd's Daughter. Their son was the famous King Athelstan, 
who succeeded Edward in 924. It is possible that the ballad may 
have been based on this story. 

In the "Marriage of Sir Gawain," in Percy's Reliqties, the 
damsel is bewitched and made hideous. In the folk-tale she is 
also subject to enchantment. In the ballad, as we have it, all the 
earlier part of the story, telling how it was that she, a queen's 
daughter, came to be living as a shepherdess, is lost. We have, 
in fact, only the second half of the ballad preserved to us. 

For particular reasons I have been obliged to alter the first 
incident in the ballad. 



119 



VI 

THE TURKEY FACTOR 



121 



VI 

THE TURKEY FACTOR 



There was a certain factor who went into the East 
and did business for merchants in London. Although 
a young man, he was so honest and intelHgent, that 
the merchants felt confident in placing their affairs 
in his hands. 

By his honesty and steadiness he had amassed a 
little fortune of five hundred and fifty pounds, and 
he thought that when he had six hundred, he would 
set up business for himself, become himself a merchant, 
and he was confident that in a few years he would 
grow to be very rich. He came to Turkey on his 
business. 

Now one day he saw a man carried to burial, and 
there came some Turks and arrested the body, for 
they said that the man had died in debt fifty pounds, 
and unless the money were paid, his carcase would 
be cast to the dogs to devour. The widow and 
orphans of the deceased wept and entreated, but the 
Turks insisted that it should be so. 

123 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Then the factor was moved with pity, and he paid 
the man's debt of fifty pounds out of his own pocket, 
and gave orders that the funeral should be proceeded 
with. The widow and children wept tears of joy 
now, and called down blessings on his head. 

Another day, as the factor was walking near the 
sea, he heard a voice crynng, and when he hastened 
to the spot, saw a beautiful girl, and the Turkish 
soldiers were going to strangle her and throw her 
into the sea. 

The factor asked what she had done. 

Then he learned that she had been a slave in the 
sultan's seraglio, and had waited on the sultana ; 
and that one day she had let fall and broken a 
precious crystal phial filled with otto of roses, and 
that as this was greatly esteemed by the sultana, she 
was very angry, and had ordered the slave girl to 
be strangled and thrown into the Bosphorus. 

The factor asked what was the value of the crystal 
phial with the precious scent, and was told that it 
was worth five hundred pounds. They further told 
him that if the sum were forthcoming, the sultana 
would be content to let the girl live. 

Five hundred pounds was a large sum. Indeed 
it was all that remained of the factor's savings. He 
debated in his mind a moment. Then the girl 
threw herself on her knees before him, and, wring- 
ing her hands and weeping, implored him to save 
her. 

So the factor, who was a tender-hearted man, paid 
the five hundred pounds, and took the girl to his 
ship, and said that he would convey her to England, 

124 



The Turkey Factor 

where there would be no such chance befall her 
again. 

After he had finished his business in Constanti- 
nople, and had sold well the wares he had been 
commissioned to sell by the merchants in London, 
and had laden the vessel with such wares as were 
to be had in the East, silks and gold brocades, and 
Damascus swords, and spices and sugar - cane, he 
sailed back to England, and in the ship with him 
was the maiden whom he had rescued from death. 

His masters were very much pleased with what 
he had done. He had disposed of their goods to 
immense advantage, and he had brought back pre- 
cisely those articles which were then in great request, 
for the King of England was going to marry his son 
to a princess, and there were to be immense rejoicings 
and banquetings in London. Thus all the silks and 
brocades were bought up at a great price, and all 
the spices and sweet stuffs sold at once. 

The merchants made their factor a very handsome 
present for his services. 

Now it must be told that when he arrived in 
England, he gave the maiden to his sister, who kept 
house for him, and she became the servant 'to his 
sister and to him. She was very gentle and amiable, 
and very grateful to the factor for having saved her 
from a terrible death. 

Very soon the merchants commissioned the factor 
to go again to the East. This time he was not to 
go to Constantinople, but to China. 

Accordingly, he made ready to depart. 

Now, before he started, the captive maiden came 
125 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

to him and brought him a beautiful silk waistcoat, 
embroidered with flowers of various colours and a 
gold dragon swallowing a silver moon. 

She said to him, " My dear master, I shall never 
forget what I owe to you. Now, I desire that you 
would accept from me this waistcoat that I have 
worked for you, and promise* me that when you 
appear before the Emperor of China, you will put 
on this garment." 

He thanked her for her attention in working this 
waistcoat for him ; he admired greatly her taste, and 
he assured her he would not fail to do that which 
she desired. 

Then he started on his voyage, which was a very 
long one, and lasted many months. 

At last he reached China, and when the emperor 
heard that an English merchant-ship had arrived, 
he gave orders that the factor should come to the 
palace at Pekin and produce the best of his goods, 
that he might see them, and buy those which pleased 
him. 

The factor remembered his promise, and he drew 
on the richly-embroidered waistcoat, and went to the 
palace, his servants carrying bales of English goods 
after him. He saluted the emperor with great 
respect, and proceeded to show him the produce of 
English looms. But presently he saw that the 
Chinese sovereign was not looking at them, but had 
his eyes intently fixed upon his waistcoat. 

Then the emperor said, " Sir, you will do me a 
favour if you will tell me where you got that garment. 
I assure you that it greatly surprises me to see you 

126 



The Turkey Factor 

in it, with such remarkable flowers embroidered on 
it in such a singular manner, and with the device of 
a gold dragon swallowing a silver moon." 

The factor replied that the waistcoat had been 
embroidered for him by the hands of a servant girl 
in England. 

Then he proceeded* to narrate to the emperor the 
story of this girl : how she had been a slave in the 
palace of the sultana, how she had broken a crystal 
phial of otto of roses, how she had been condemned 
to death, and how he had rescued her by paying 
five hundred pounds. 

The emperor was greatly moved. He said, " Know, 
Englishman, that this captive girl is my daughter. 
She, and she only, knows all the various stitches that 
go to make embroidery of flowers such as are on 
your waistcoat ; and no one in all China is suffered 
to fashion a gold dragon swallowing a silver moon 
unless he or she be of the blood-royal. One day, 
when my daughter was cruising about on the Yellow 
Sea with her maidens for pleasure, as the weather 
was extremely hot, and she had been unwell, and 
her mother and I thought sea air would do her 
good, it so happened that Malay pirates took 
the vessel, carried off all on board, and the empress 
and I never heard what became of our daughter. 
In the palace yard is a well, and it is nearly full of 
the tears we have shed for her loss. A great sage 
who read the stars assured us we should hear of her 
by the time the well was full. Yesterday her 
Imperial Highness came to me and said that another 
night of weeping would make the well overflow. 

127 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Now," continued the emperor, " I shall richly reward 
you in the present, but I desire you to return and 
bring me my daughter, when I will give her to you, 
or any man who returns her to me, together with 
five hundred thousand pounds, and make of him, if 
he desire it, a mandarin of five tails." 

The factor was both surprised and glad, and he 
promised the emperor that he would hasten back to 
London, and would speedily return and bring the 
princess with him. 

The emperor, without more ado, bought the entire 
contents of the merchant ship, and paid double for 
everything. He, moreover, gave a rich reward to 
the factor. He also sent a mandarin to the top of 
a tower, and he was to count the hours till he saw 
the sail of the returning vessel, and every hour he 
was to pull away a tile from the roof and throw it 
down. When no tile fell, then the emperor would 
know that the ship containing his beloved daughter 
was in sight. 

Not to make a long story, it must be told that 
no adventure befell the factor as he returned. The 
captain of the ship had heard all that had been said, 
and the promises that had been made. 

When the factor arrived in England he at once 
hasted home to his sister's house, and rejoiced the 
heart of the poor damsel with the news that he had 
seen her father and mother, and that they were 
impatient to receive her in their arms. 

Then he went to the merchants and paid them 
the double sum for all their goods which he had 
received of the emperor, and they were only too 

128 



The Turkey Factor 

pleased when he said that it was his desire to return 
at once to China, where he hoped to be as successful 
with their merchandise the second time as the first. 

Now costly robes were purchased for the princess, 
and she was no longer treated as a servant. She 
was by no means elevated by pride, but was sweet 
and gentle and modest as before. 

After a delay only sufficient to allow of the 
unlading of the vessel and its relading, the factor 
made ready for sea again, and the same captain 
commanded in the ship as before. 

The princess was taken on board and was treated 
with the utmost respect. She had embroidered with 
her own hands a golden dragon swallowing a silver 
moon on a broad strip of dark blue silk, and this 
was to serve as pennon at the masthead. 

Now the captain of the vessel was an ambitious 
and an avaricious man. He recalled what were 
the terms of the promise made by the Emperor of 
China, that he would give his daughter in marriage, 
together with five hundred thousand pounds, to the 
factor, or to any other who should restore his 
daughter to him. He resolved to make away with 
the factor on the voyage, so as to obtain the reward 
for himself. 

Accordingly, one night, when the factor was asleep 
on deck, the captain threw him overboard, and sailed 
on without him, and reached China in safety. 

The poor princess was full of tears and sadness 
of heart at the disappearance of the good factor 
The captain said that he believed he had fallen over- 
board accidentally. 

9 129 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Now, when the ship arrived at Pekin, and the 
mandarin on the tower top ceased to throw down 
tiles, the emperor ran with all his court down to the 
beach to receive his daughter. 

He was rejoiced to see and kiss her ; and was 
sorry to hear of the loss of the factor, but gave less 
heed to this in the exuberance of his joy at the 
discovery of his beloved child. 

As he had undertaken to marry her to the man 
who brought her to China, he bade his daughter 
prepare to become the wife of the captain. 

She was much shocked, and weepingly entreated 
her father not to enforce this, but he said that he 
had made the promise and must observe it. 

Then she entreated that she might be allowed 
three weeks in which to mourn for her lost friend 
and benefactor, and to this he consented. 

The story turns back to the factor, who had been 
thrown into the sea. Fortunately, he was a skilful 
swimmer, and there was an island at no great dis- 
tance. By great exertion he managed to reach it ; he 
crept up the beach, cast himself under a palm tree, and 
was so exhausted that for some time he could not move. 

When day dawned, he rose from where he was 
lying, and proceeded to examine the island. There 
were many fruit trees on it, and there were many 
shell-fish to be had on the rocks, so that he was in 
no fear of starvation ; but his mind was in sore 
trouble because of the princess, who he knew would 
fall a prey to a wicked schemer. 

But he knew neither how to assist her, nor how to 
liberate himself from the island. 

13c 



The Turkey Factor 

One day he saw a curious old grey man crawHng 
about on the shore. He had very long thin legs 
and arms and a fat grey body, and he usually walked 




on the tips of his toes and the ends of his fingers, 
and his beard swept the ground. He walked like 
this on all fours because he was in search of delicate 

131 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

sand-worms and skipping sand-fleas, which were 
great dainties to him. He was, in fact, the Old Man 
of the Sea. 

When he came up to the factor, he stood upright, 
and then the factor saw that he had got fish-scales 
down the side of his nose. 

He had great saucer eyes, without any colour, or 
light, or expression in them. 

He asked the factor who he was, and how he 
came there. 

The factor at once informed him, and asked the 
Old Man of the Sea whether there were any means 
of leaving the island, whether he had a canoe, or 
whether any vessels touched there. 

The old man answered that he needed no canoe 
himself, he was as well, if not better, under water than 
on land. And as for foreign vessels coming to that 
coast, he was glad to say none did, or they would 
spoil his hunting ground. 

He seemed much annoyed at any human being 
taking up his abode on the island, and he said so. 
The factor replied that none could desire to be away 
from it more than himself, and that if the Old Man 
of the Sea could show him how to leave, he would at 
once depart. 

The old man considered a moment, and then said, 
" There is but one means of your leaving here. You 
must get on my shoulders and let me swim with you." 

" I will do that," answered the factor, " if you will 
convey me to some point whence I can make my 
way to the court of the Empress of China." 

The Old Man of the Sea began to rub the scales 
132 



The Turkey Factor 

on his nose, and after a Httle consideration, he said, 
" I will do that, but only if you will promise me 
your first son after you are married to the princess 
of China." 

The factor thought within himself. Now that she is 
a princess, I am quite sure she will not willingly 
consent to marry me, and I will release her from 
doing so, if I get to Pekin. So he said aloud, " Very 
well, old man, I agree to your terms." 

" Then," said the Old Man of the Sea, " get on my 
back." 

At once he went down on all fours, and the factor 
jumped and was on his back in a minute. The old 
man ran like a crab sideways to the water's edge 
and went in, and then began to swim, working his 
legs and arms like a crab. 

The distance to the mainland was not so great as 
might have been supposed, or else the old man swam 
very fast. 

The factor was brought ashore, and to his surprise 
found himself landed in China. 

As the old man shook him off his back, he lifted 
himself up, and, rubbing the scales on his nose, said, 
" Do not forget your promise. When you have your 
first-born son, I will come and demand him." 

The factor went on through the land, and it was 
speedily noised abroad that he had escaped from 
drowning, and was coming to claim the princess and 
the reward promised with her. 

When the captain heard this, he was filled with 
fear ; he thought that his treachery would be revealed, 
and the emperor would put him to a cruel death. 

133 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

So he hasted down to the ship. There was a plank 
between the quay and the deck, and he went hastily 
on to this plank. But he was in such agitation that 
his feet slipped and he fell over into the sea. 

He might, no doubt, have been saved, had it not 
been that the Old Man of the Sea, after having 
deposited the factor on the shore, was swimming 
about under water to see whether there was any 
refuse cast out from the ships which he might eat 
himself, or take home to his little ones. And just 
when the captain fell from the plank, then the Old 
Man of the Sea came up out of deep water to the 
surface, and threw his long legs and arms round 
him and carried him down into the depths. 

The sailors and those on shore thought that the 
captain had been seized by a monstrous water-spider 
or grey crab. He was never seen again, nor is it 
known what the Old Man of the Sea did with him, 
though it is held that he and his little ones ate and 
enjoyed him. There is positively no accounting for 
tastes. 

When the factor came to the palace, the princess 
wept for joy. He told her that he would not hold 
her bound by her father's promise. He was but a 
poor man, and she an illustrious princess. She 
answered him : — 

"Sir, were you a beggar, I'd still be your wife, 
Because when just dying you saved my life." 

So the marriage was prepared with great splendour 
and with great joy. 

A twelvemonth passed in great happiness, and the 
134 



The Turkey Factor 

factor loved his wife very dearly, and the emperor 
and empress were very fond of him. 

At last, one day, the princess presented him with 
a little son. 

The factor was overwhelmed with alarm and 
concern. He remembered the promise he had made, 
and he gave orders to the guards to watch every 
road, and on no account to allow any one to 
approach the palace without his consent. 

That night he heard a scratching sound against 
the wall, and, looking at the window, saw the Old 
Man of the Sea entering. He had crawled up like 
a spider. 

The old man stood up on his legs for a moment 
when he entered the room, and said, " I have come 
for your son, according to agreement." 

The factor was for some moments too concerned 
to speak. At last he mustered up courage to say, 
" Give me till to-morrow, that I may break the 
news to my wife. I have not yet told her about 
the promise." 

The old man rubbed the scales on his nose, and 
considered, then said, " Very well, till this time to- 
morrow. I have eaten rather freely to-day, and am 
not indisposed to postpone the consumption of the 
babe till I have digested my present dinner." 

Then he rubbed his nose again, and went out of 
the window on all fours, and down the wall again. 

How he came from the sea, how he had passed 
the guards unobserved, the factor never learned. 

The father was in inexpressible distress. He was 
afraid to tell his dear wife that she must part with 

135 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

the babe, that was already the light of her eyes and 
the treasure of her heart. 

He sat up late in great distress of mind. Then, 
all at once, he felt a chill come over him, and he 
shivered. Looking up, he saw a shadowy form. 
This figure addressed him, and said, " I am the 
ghost of the man to whom you gave a tomb. You 
spent fifty pounds to obtain for me decent burial. I 
have not forgotten the obligation. Now I will show 
you how to obtain delivery from the Old Man of the 
Sea. You observe how, whilst speaking, he rubs his 
nose. That is because of the scales on it. If those 
scales were off, he could not breathe on dry land. 
When he appears again, then rub up his nose the 
wrong way, and all the scales will be rubbed off. 
He will lose his power, and gasp like a fish out of 
water. Catch him by the scruff of his neck and 
throw him into the Well of Imperial Tears. There 
he will swim and dive till the end of time, or till the 
tears dry up, and never be able again to regain the 
sea. Henceforth, when you look on your little son, 
remember that the dead as well as the living can be 
grateful." 

Thereupon the ghost vanished. 

Next evening, when the Old Man of the Sea came 
scrambling into the room through the window, the 
factor at once sprang at him and rubbed his nose 
upwards ; whereupon a number of silvery scales 
flew off and fell on the floor. The old man staggered 
back, and gasped, and could not speak. His power 
was gone from him. The factor seized him by the 
scruff of his neck and carried him, kicking and 

136 



The Turkey Factor 

writhing, to the courtyard, and threw him into the 
well that had been filled with the tears of the 
emperor and the empress, when they wept for their 
lost daughter. 

Whether he be still there, whether the well be 
dried up — these are matters I cannot say, as I 
have never been at Pekin. Ask those who have. 



Note. — This is the story on which the old Eng-Hsh ballad of 
" The Turkey Factor " runs. I have somewhat altered the conclu- 
sion, as the final portion of the ballad is rather inexplicable. 
The Tale of the Thankful Dead is very widely spread. A very 
similar story is found in Wolf's Detitsche Hausmdrchen. 1851, p. 
243. A variant in the Zeitschrift filr deutsche 3Iythologie, 1855, 
from the Odenwald (ii. 374), where the merchant is English. 
Another in Meier's Deutsche Volksmdrchen mis Schivahen, 1852 
(No. 42), where also the merchant is Eng-lish. A version in 
Strapparola's NottipiacevoU, Venice, 1573. It is singular that in 
the German versions, as in the English, the end should be 
similar. It is properly this : — 

The merchant or factor, when cast on the desert island, is 
assisted by a mysterious grey man (in one form a black man), who 
brings him to the mainland on condition that he is given the 
firstborn. At the covenanted time he comes for the babe, and the 
factor yields it up, to receive it back again, and then the black or 
grey man reveals the fact that he is the ghost of the dead. K. 
Simrock, Der giite Gerhardf, conjectures that this is a corrupt form 
of an old pagan mjth, that Odin or Wuotan is the grey man, who 
rewards the merchant for having been merciful to the dead, and 
that the offering of the child is a relic of human sacrifice. This is 
extremely probable, the original significance having been lost, 
and by this means the later part of the story got into confusion. 

The English ballad which I have used is not older than the 
middle of last century ; it is in "white letter," and is very rudely 
versified, without a particle of poetic value. It was printed in 
Bow Churchyard, and begins — 

Behold, here's a ditty, 'tis true and no jest, 
Concerning a young gentleman in the East. 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

It was also printed by J. Evans, 41 Long- Lane. It is found in 
the Roxburghe Coll. iii. 869 ; in the Douce Coll., iv. 28, is one of J. 
Potts's, probably a little later. ** The Turkey Factor's Garland," 
Liverpool, 1794, is a reprint. The earliest dated copy is "The 
Factor's Garland," to the tune of "The Wandering- Lady," in J. 
Roberts' Collection of Old Ballads ^ vol. iii. p. 221 ; this is 1725, and 
as this was an old ballad then, it probably dates from the reign of 
James I. 

There are several editions of the ballad in broadside and 
g-arland. 



38 



VII 

THE UNDUTIFUL DAUGHTER 



There was a beautiful damsel who lived with her 
father and mother in a seaside place. They had a 
fine house and garden, and many servants. 

This damsel was so vain that she cared for 
nothing but to look at her face in a glass. 

Now, before her birthday, her father said to her, 
" Tell me what you most desire in all the world, 
and if possible, it shall be yours." 

So she said, " Give me a room, all the walls of 
which are lined with mirrors, so that in it, wherever 
I look, I shall see myself." 

He was sorrowful when he heard this, and he said 
to her, " My dear child, unless you think and care 
for something else except your own self, and your 
own beauty, I do not think that much good will 
attend you." 

But she was headstrong and vain, and nothing 
would satisfy her but to have her looking-glass 
chamber. She answered her father and said, 

141 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

What is there more beautiful to be seen than my 
face ? " 

He rejoined, " Surely there are sweet flowers, the 
rose and the lily, and the daffadowndilly." 

" The rose," said she, " has thorns, the lily has no 
colour, and the daffadowndilly has no scent. I am 
more beautiful than all these flowers — I have no 
teasing thorns, I have blooming pink cheeks, and 
my breath is sweeter than the new-mown hay." 

" Then," rejoined her father, " there are beauteous 
birds, the peacock and the nightingale." 

" The peacock," she said, " has a hideous voice, 
and the nightingale has voice and no comeliness. 
Therefore I am better than they. I dress more 
gorgeously than the peacock, and I have the voice 
of a nightingale." 

" Then," rejoined he, " consider the butterfly and 
the bee." 

" The butterfly," she said, " has no honey, and the 
bee has a sting. I am better than they. I am 
joyous and bright as the butterfly, and I have store 
of gold and jewels and riches, treasure richer than 
the honey in the hive of the bee." 

When her father heard her thus speak, he saw 
that her mind was fully eaten up with vanity. But 
as he had promised to give her what she desired, he 
was obliged to let her have the room lined with 
mirrors. 

Therein the beautiful damsel was happy. She 
twirled and skipped, and looked at herself from 
every side, and in every posture, and was quite 
satisfied that never had there been anyone more 

142 



The Undutiful Daughter 

beautiful than she, and that there was nothing else 
worth seeing except herself. 

So time passed, and a new birthday drew near. 
Then her father said to her, " Tell me what you 
wish, and I will give it you." 

She answered, " I wish to consult the Old Woman 
of Norwood as to whom I shall marry." 

Her father rejoined, " That is not a wise thing to 
desire. When it pleases Heaven, the right man will 
come, one whom I and your mother will approve of, 
and you will love ; and if he is a man of honour, and 
character, and family, then the marriage shall take 
place. You are our only child and our heir, and we 
do not intend you to be thrown away on anyone." 

" Thrown away on anyone ! " exclaimed the 
maiden. " I am not one who will allow of that. I 
am quite sure I will not marry anyone under a king." 

" A king ! " exclaimed her father. " You aim 
very high. I do not know where you will find one. 
Our king in England has a good queen — God grant 
him and her a long life ! " 

" I did not say that I would marry an English 
king. There are other kings, and one may come to 
me from over the sea. I will hear what the Old 
Woman of Norwood says to me." 

" The Norwood gipsy may put strange fancies 
into your head. She can do you no good," said her 
father. 

Nevertheless, as he had made the promise to let 
her have on her birthday what she asked, he was 
obliged to consent. 

So she mounted her milkwhite horse, and she 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

had bells of silver hung to the bridle, that they 
might tinkle, and cause people along the way to 
run out of their houses and look at her, the most 
beautiful damsel in all England. 

When she reached Norwood, she found an old 
woman who lived in a hollow oak tree. A dog lay 
at her feet, a black cat sat on a branch above her 
head, and at the top of the tree was perched a raven, 
and above the tree-top hummed a gnat. Then she 
put a purse of gold into the old woman's hand, and 
said to her, " Tell me whom I shall marry, and what 
shall become of me." 

Then the old woman said, " Little dog, little dog ! 
what do you say ? " 

The dog stood up and barked, " Wow-wow-wow." 

" Did you hear what my dog said ? " asked the 
Old Woman of Norwood. 

" I heard him say ' Wow-wow,' nothing more." 

" He said in Dog-Latin, that you would marry a 
king." 

" I knew it would be so," retorted the girl. " Tell 
me something more ? " 

" Little cat, little cat ! what do you say ? " called 
the gipsy woman. 

Then the black pussy stood up on the branch, 
stretched itself, and said, " Mi-aw, mi-aw, mi-aw." 

" Did you hear what the cat said ? " asked the witch. 

" I heard him say ' Mi-aw,' nothing more." 

" He said in Cat-Greek, that you would sleep in a 
golden bed." 

" Of course I shall, if I marry a king. Tell me 
something more." 

144 



The Undutiful Daughter 



D 



" Little crow, little crow ! what do you say ? " 
screamed the old hag. 

Then the raven flapped his wings, and answered, 
" Caw-caw-caw." 

" Did you hear what the raven said ? " asked the 
gipsy. 

" I heard him say ' Caw,' nothing more." 

" He said in Crow-Indian, that you would be 
attended by servants dressed in blue, who would 
rock you in your golden bed." 

" That is nothing wonderful," said the maiden. 
" Tell me something further." 

" Little gnat, little gnat ! what do you say ? " 
screamed the old woman. 

Then the mosquito that was humming and flutter- 
ing above the tree-top, dropped within hearing of the 
girl's ear, and with a shrill pipe cried, " Pe-heep." 

" Did you hear what the gnat said ? " asked the 
witch. 

" 1 heard him give a shrill little cry, like ' Pe-heep ! ' " 

" That was Midge-Chinese. He said you would 
sleep under curtains of living green." 

Well ! the damsel was well pleased with what she 
had heard, but she wanted to know more. 

The witch said, " I have no more creatures whom 
I can ask, except only a worm that burrows in the 
ground, and he cannot speak." 

" Then what good is he ? " 

" He can crawl on a slate and write a message," 
answered the witch. 

" Then summon the worm," ordered the girl. 

The old hag took a piece of crooked iron, and 
lO 145 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

scratched on the soil, and presently drew out a long 
red worm. This she placed on a bit of slate, and it 
began to crawl. 

When it had crawled over the surface, the witch 
said — 

" Do you see what he has written ? " 

" I see only some slimy wet marks." 

" That is his writing, and he writes to say, that 
you will be carried away from home in a coach 
drawn by a thousand white horses, shaking their 
white manes." 

" That will be a grand wedding," said the girl. 

Then she returned home. And if she was a 
proud woman when she went forth to consult the 
Old Woman of Norwood, she was a prouder woman 
when she came home. 

She went into her room lined with looking-glasses, 
and said, " I shall marry a king." 

" Who told you that ? " asked her mother. 

"It was said by the dog when he uttered ' Wow- 
wow.' " 

" I would not believe the bark of a dog," said her 
mother. 

" And I shall sleep in a golden bed," continued 
the girl. 

" Who said that ? " asked her mother. 

" That was said by the cat when he said ' Mi-aw.' " 

" I would not put faith in the mi-aw of a cat," 
said her mother. 

" And I shall be rocked to sleep by attendants 
dressed in gowns of blue," said the girl. 

" Who said that ? " asked her mother. 
146 



The Undutiful Daughter 

" That was told by the raven when he said ' Caw.' " 

" If I were you, I would laugh at the caw of a 
crow," said her mother. 

" And I shall have waving curtains of living green 
above me," continued the vain girl. 

" Who told you that ? " asked her mother. 

"That was what the midge said that fluttered in 
the air." 

" And what does a midge know about the future ? " 
asked her mother. 

" And I am to ride in a coach drawn by a thousand 
milkwhite horses," said the girl. 

" Who put that nonsense into your head ? " asked 
her mother. 

" That was written by an earthworm on a bit of 
slate." 

" And pray, who taught the worm to write ? " 
asked her mother. " I can see farther off than can 
those stupid creatures, and I see that your vanity 
and folly will bring you to a bad end." 

But the girl would give no heed to what her 
mother said. She believed the earthworm, but not 
her own mother. 

Now drew near this damsel's birthday, when she 
would be eighteen. And one night she had a dream, 
and in that dream she saw the Old Woman of Nor- 
wood, who said to her, " I have appeared to tell 
you something. There is a feather on the tail of 
the gnat that flies above my oak tree, and the 
feather told the gnat, and the gnat told the raven, 
and the raven told the cat, and the cat told the dog, 
and the dog told the earthworm, and the earthworm 

147 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

scribbled the message on a bit of an old crock, that 
you were to marry on your eighteenth birthday the 
promised king. You must say nothing to your 
father or mother. He is now in the harbour with 
his ship, and the sign of the ship is The Golden 
Apple. Ask your father to let you go down to see 
over the barque. The Golden Apple, and the captain 
is he who will be your husband. I have sent a hedge- 
priest to the town, and he will marry you on board 
ship. But mind this — if you say a word to your 
father or mother about this, all will fall through that 
has been promised you. I have appeared in dream 
to the sea-captain, and he will expect you. The 
priest you will see standing by the capstan. He 
has been unfrocked by the bishop, but what of that ? 
A priest is always a priest." 

The girl's father came to her and said, " To- 
morrow is your birthday : ask what you wish, and I 
will do it for you." 

Then she said, " There is a ship come lately into 
harbour, called The Golden Apple. I greatly desire 
to go over her." 

Her father shook his head, and said, " This is a 
very unwise request. I hear no good account ol 
this vessel. Some say it is that of a notorious 
pirate ; but, indeed, no one really knows any certainty 
about her, nor who her captain is ; but some assert 
that the crew is made up of runagates, and has on 
board a hedge-priest lately unfrocked by his bishop 
for grave misconduct." 

However, as he had promised to let her have her 
way, he was obliged to grant her request. 

148 



The Undutiful Daughter 

Accordingly, on the morrow morning, she and 
her father and mother went to the ship, and the 
captain received them very graciously, and invited 
them to go all over the vessel. 

By the capstan was a man, all shaven and shorn, 
but with a hang-dog look, and the fair maid was 
sure this was the priest of whom the Old Woman of 
Norwood had spoken. 

The captain invited them down into his cabin, 
and then all at once he whistled, and his sailors 
sprang on the father and mother, and bound their 
hands, and put something over their mouths that 
they could not cry out, and forthwith the sea-cap- 
tain gave his hand to the damsel, and led her up 
the companion ladder on deck, and the hedge-priest 
hastily married them over the capstan. 

After that, the sea-captain said, " Make haste, 
go home and bring all the gold and silver and jewels 
in the house. I will not let your parents go till that 
is done. 

Oh, take of your father his gold and his treasure, 
Oh, take of your mother her fee without measure." 

" But," said she, " is it true that you are a 
king?" 

" Yes," he answered ; " call any of my men and 
ask them." 

Then she summoned a little cabin-boy, and 
said, " Answer me truly — who is your master ? " 

He said at once, " He is a king." 

Then she was satisfied that she had the right 
husband. 

149 



The Old English Fairy iales 

But she asked further, " Shall I be driven 
away in a carriage drawn by a thousand white 
horses ? " 

He answered, " Yes ; call up any of my men, and" 
ask them." 

So she summoned the mate, and said, " Is it so, 
that if I go with your master, I shall be carried 
away in a coach drawn by a thousand white 
horses ? " 

He answered, " Nay, you say too few. There 
will be ten thousand white horses shaking their 
milkwhite manes." 

Then she was content. 

She hasted on shore, and she filled baskets with 
all the jewels and gold she could find, the silver 
plate, the necklaces and chains of her mother, rings 
and goblets, and everything of value she could lay 
her hands on, and she made all her servants carry 
them down to the harbour, and they were taken on 
board by the sea-captain and his men. 

Then he said, " Is all here ? " 

She said, " All but one gold bodkin with which 
my mother does her netting, and one silver spoon 
with which my father eats an egg." 

He said, " Go and fetch them." 

So she went back and brought the gold bodkin 
and the silver spoon, and then nothing was left in 
the house but pewter dishes and maplewood 
bowls, and a wooden spoon. 

Now, when she had thus cleared her home, then 
the captain released her father and mother, and at 
once spread sail, and as there was a fine wind off 

150 



The Undutiful Daughter 

shore, the sail filled, and the ship flew away to sea 
like a gull. 

Then said the damsel, " But where is the coach ? " 
and where are the white horses ? " 

The captain laughed and answered, "This ship is 
the coach, and the waves shaking their white manes 
are the horses." 

" But," said she, " you are a king. Where is your 
kingdom ? " 

" My kingdom is this ship," he answered, " and 
my name is Andrew King. Therefore it is true 
that you have wed A. King." 

Then she saw that she had been deceived, and 
she cried out — 

**0 captain! O captain! here's fifty gfold crowns. 
I pray thee, I pray thee to turn the ship round. 
O captain ! O captain, here's fifty gold pounds, 
If thou wilt but set me again on the ground." 

But he would not hear of it. 

Now before very long she found that her husband, 
the sea-captain, was indeed a great pirate, and robbed 
ships on the sea. 

And when she had sailed to-day and to-morrow. 
She was wringing her hands, and bewailing in sorrow. 
And when she had sailed not many a mile, 
She knew she had been an undutiful child. 

Now after a while a strange thing happened. 

Although the sails were full spread, and the wind 
blew free, yet the vessel made no way in the sea. 
And this was the reason, I suppose. The father and 

151 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

the mother of the damsel had been so filled with 
grief that they had been plundered and deserted by 
their own daughter, whom they had loved so dearly, 
and had treated with such indulgence, that both 
died of a broken heart, and neither blessed the 
daughter before death closed their eyes and paralysed 
their tongues. And it is said that no ship will sail 
with one on board who has been the death of father 
and mother, and unforgiven by them. 

And when she had sailed to-day and to-morrow, 
She was wring-'mg her hands, and bewailing- in sorrow. 
And when she had sailed, the days were not many, 
The sails were outspread, but of miles made not any. 

Then the sailors saw they were in evil plight, and 
that there was something which prevented their 
getting forward with the ship. It is told that there 
is a little shell-fish, like a limpet, called the remora, 
and that when it attaches itself to the keel, it arrests 
a vessel in full sail. 

The sailors dived and examined the ship's keel, 
and no remora was there. So they knew that the 
fault must be on board, and they resolved to draw 
lots, and discover who it was who held the ship fast 
in mid-seas. 

They cast the black bullets as they sailed on the water, 
The black bullet fell on the undutiful daughter. 
"Oh, who in the ship must go over the side?" 
Oh, none save the maiden, the fair captain's bride. 

When the damsel learned that the lot had fallen 
on her, and she was to be cast overboard, and that 

152 



The Undutiful Daughter 

unless she were drowned, the ship could not move 
on her way, then she said, weeping — 



"Oh, get me a boat that is narrow and thin 
And set me, undutiful daughter, therein." 

But they refused. They wanted the boat for 
themselves, and could not spare it for her. Then 
she said — 

"Oh, take a white napkin, about my head bind it. 
Oh, take a white napkin, about my feet wind it. 
Alack that I must in the deep salten water, 
Alack! I must sink, an undutiful daug-hter." 

To this they agreed. They bound a v/hite 
kerchief about her head, and they wrapped a sheet 
about her feet. 

They took a white napkin, about her head bound it, 
They took a white napkin, about her feet wound it, 
They cast the fair pretty maid over, and she 
Did sink out of sight in cruel salt sea. 

Then at once the beak of the vessel began to cut 
the waves, they foamed about her sides, and she 
sped along her course like a gull. That night there 
was no cloud in the sky, an east wind was blowing, 
and the moon was full. Then the man at the wheel 
saw something in the water : — 

The moon it was shining, the tide it was flowing, 
Oh, what in the wake of the vessel was swimming? 
"Oh, see, boys! oh, see! how she floats in the water! 
Oh, see, boys! oh, see! the undutiful daughter." 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

At the cry of the man at the helm all the crew 
ran on deck, and with them the captain, and they 
could see the dead woman following the ship. 

Then the sea-captain spoke, standing in the 
bows — 

"Why swim in the moonlig-ht, upon the sea swaying-? 
Oh, what art thou seeking-? for what art thou praying?" 
"O captain! O captain! I float on the water, 
For the sea giveth up the undutiful daughter. 

Oh, take of my father the gold and the treasure. 
Oh, take of my mother a fee without measure. 
Oh, make me a coffin of deepest gold^ yellow. 
And bury me under the banks of green willow." 

The demand of the dead lady was not so readily 
granted. The captain did not like to take all the 
treasure that the maiden had carried off, and convert 
it into a coffin. But night and day the drowned 
woman followed the ship, and cried out for the 
restoration of all that of which she had despoiled 
her parents. 

It was clear that she could not sink. The sea 
rejected her, because of her guilt. 

After three days, the sailors became so alarmed 
at being thus followed by the dead woman, that 
they insisted on her demand being complied with. 
So she was again taken on board. 

Now, all the gold was brought forth and melted 
up, and made into a golden coffin, and in that golden 
cofBn her body was laid ; and they put in beside 

^ In the original '* deepest stole yellow" : what stole means I do 
not know. 



I 



The Undutiful Daughter 

her all the jewels she had taken from her parents. 
Then they lowered the gold coffin into the sea again, 
and at once it began to float away, with the sun 
shining on it, and was lost to sight. 

After three days, they were short of water, and so 
came ashore to fill their casks. 

The sails they were spread, and the wind it was blowing-, 
The sea was so salt, and the tide it was flowing-. 

They steered for the land, and they reach(^d the shore. 
But the lady in her coffin had got there before. 

It was even so. The first thing they saw on 
coming to land was the gold coffin washed up on 
the beach. Then they heaved it farther up, to where 
hung some green willows, and they buried the 
undutiful daughter under their waving, living green 
boughs — and so were fulfilled all the words of 
prophecy told concerning her. She had married a 
king. She had been driven in a coach by white 
horses, even by the foaming waves. She had slept 
in a golden bed, — her coffin, — and been rocked by 
attendants in blue gowns, even the sea-waves ; and 
she had now been laid under wavy curtains of living 
green, the branches of the willow. 

Note.— The old ballad of "The Undutiful Daughter" is one that 
I have heard from half a dozen ag-ed singers in the west of England. 
It is always sung to the melody to which "The Frog and the Crow " 
is set in Mr. W. Crane's The Bahys Opera. A similar ballad is 
found in Scotland, " Bonnie Annie " ; it is given by Kinloch, but is 
more imperfect than the English form of the ballad. In the story 
I have based on it, all the first part is new ; for obvious reasons I 
haVe been unable to follow the ballad exactly — that is to say, for 
reasons obvious to all who are acquainted with the ballad. 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

There is an old printed ballad entitled " The Faithless Captain ; 
or, The Betrayed Virgin," which seems to be a comparatively 
modern recast of the older story. All the supernatural element has 
been eliminated from it. Instead of the damsel being- cast over- 
board because the lot is thrown and falls to her, the ship is 
nearly wrecked, and she accidentally falls overboard. The body 
still follows the vessel, and, seeing his bride there in the water, the 
captain, who, after all, is not faithless, jumps overboard, and is 
drowned as well. 



156 



VIII 

THE SHEPHERDS OF SALISBURY PLAIN 



When was it? — On a Monday morning, at four by 
the clock, did Duke Gerans die. 

And when Gerans, Duke of Dunan Dufeneth — 
that is to say, of what is now Devonshire, died, he 
left his daughter Imogen to the care of Melor, Duke 
of Cornwall. He had no son, this sole daughter, 
and she was his heir. 

Now Duke Melor was an ambitious man, and he 
thought how that he would like to unite the two 
duchies under his rule. Therefore he kept Imogen 
in his court, and had her well watched, and he put 
her to common duties, such as ill befitted her rank. 
She was set to wash the clothes, and to card and 
spin, and make up the fires. And all she got for 
her work was, " Fie, Imogen ! thou art idle ! " 

Now there was a prince in Wales of the name of 
Raymond. He was hunting one day, and he rode 
on in the wood till evening fell. Then all at once 
the oak trees began to dance. They plaited their 

159 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

branches together, and went round and round in a 
ring, and shook their leaves, and trailed their roots 
along the ground. Raymond's horse stood still and 
trembled. 

The owls began to fly about hooting, and the bats 
to cry and dash to and fro. Then little blue flames 
appeared on the ground, also in a ring, and danced 
from left to right, whilst the oaks danced from right 
to left. 

Raymond looked on in great astonishment, and 
knew not what all this portended. 

Then he saw that the oaks began to change 
shape, and gradually they assumed the forms of old 
women clad in cobwebs, and with mildew on their 
heads instead of hair. All at once they stood still, 
and then with a leap the blue flames sprang on to 
their heads, disappeared, just as if they had sunk 
through their crowns, and shone out of their eyes 
like glow-worms. 

The horse on which Raymond rode trembled so 
greatly as to shake his rider, and he could not count 
how many old women, and how many pairs of 
shining eyes, were fixed on him. 

Then the earth opened before Raymond, and out 
of it issued a puff of very white smoke, like steam 
with moonlight on it, and this smoke became a 
cloud, and the cloud dispersed, and in the place 
where it had been he saw a fairy ; she was old, 
wore a crown on her head, and had long silver hair, 
very fine, that hung down to her feet. 

She spoke to Raymond and said, " Prince ! I am 
Morgana, and am the last of the fairies who have 

1 60 



The Shepherds of Salisbury Plain 

power. All these you see about you are those who 
lived and were mighty in the days of King Arthur. 
But they are wasted and wprn away. I was the 
youngest of all, and the time of my reign is coming 
to an end, and then I shall become even as they. For 
this cause have I appeared to you. Imogen, the 
daughter of the Duke of Duffeneth, is my godchild. 
Her father is dead, and she is his heir. The accursed 
Saxons, with their Nixes and Kobbolds, are flowing 
on over the land, and driving all the old fairies and 
pixies into holes and corners. I love the ancient 
British race. I do not desire to see the Saxons 
extend their power farther west. Therefore I would 
have Imogen to be your wife, for you are brave, and 
belong to the good old Welsh stock. Also, I love 
my god-child, and would deliver her from her present 
condition. She is now with the Duke of Cornwall, 
who does not treat her well, and as becomes her rank. 
Look here ! " 

Then the fairy held up a great mirror, and at 
once it was full of light like a great moon, and in 
the midst of the blaze stood the figure of a beautiful 
girl. 

'* This is she," said Morgana. " This is Imogen, 
who is to be your wife. Go and deliver her." 

Then the glass became clouded and eclipsed. 
The fairy disappeared, and all the old hags were 
resolved again into oak trees that were stationary. 

After this adventure. Prince Raymond could think 
only of the beautiful girl he had seen in the mirror, 
and he had no rest till he had started in quest 
of her. 

II i6i 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

At last he reached Cornwall, and he traversed it 
till he arrived at the palace of the duke. He was 
received with great honour, and was well entertained. 
At table he looked round, but nowhere could he see 
the beautiful damsel of the mirror. There were 
many fair women present, but none in the least 
resembled her. He wondered, but said nothing. 
He remained for several days at the court, but did 
not see the object of his love ; and he began to 
suspect that he had been duped by a dream. 

One while he melancholy pines 

Himself with grief away ; 
Anon he thinks by force of arms, 

To win her if he may. 

One day, sad at heart, he walked by the side of 
the river Camel, when he saw that a girl was there 
washing linen in the water. 

He did not concern himself about her, but, as he 
drew near, he saw her face reflected in the water. 
There was much light in the sky, and this shone 
round her face, just as he had seen the beautiful 
damsel in the fairy Morgana's mirror. He stood 
still, and looked more attentively, and recognised 
that this was the very maiden he had had assured to 
him as his wife. 

He at once addressed her with respect, and asked 
her name. She replied that she was Imogen, 
daughter of the Duke of Duffeneth. Then he told 
who he was, and asked her if she would be his true 
love and bride. 

She answered that she could do nothing without 
162 



The Shepherds ot Salisbury Plain 

the consent of the Duke Mellor of Cornwall, who 
was her guardian, and she advised the prince to open 
his purpose to him. 

Raymond accordingly went to the palace and 
declared to the duke that he desired the hand of his 
ward, the Lady Imogen, in marriage. 

The duke was much concerned, but he disguised 
the embarrassment in which he w^as, and promised to 
consider the matter well and discuss it with the 
duchess and with his counsellors, and he promised 
to give an answer in three weeks. Meanwhile, he 
desired the prince to return to his own land and 
make all preparations to receive his bride in the 
event, which he did not doubt, of the decision arrived 
at being favourable. 

Prince Raymond at once agreed to this, and, after 
having in vain solicited an interview with Imogen, 
to bid her farewell, he departed, more enamoured after 
having seen her that once by the waterside than he 
had been when shown her likeness in the magic glass. 

Now Duke Mellor acted in subtlety. He had no 
desire to have his ward married to a powerful prince 
who would claim the duchy of Duffeneth, and he 
hasted during the absence of the prince to arrange 
the marriage of the beautiful and noble Imogen with 
a common stable-boy. 

Imogen was filled with grief and shame when she 
learned the intention of Duke Mellor. She besought 
her guardian to allow^ her to remain as a drudge, 
and unrharried. She declared that she had no desire 
to become a wife, and that she abhorred the choice 
he had made for her. He was deaf to her entreaties. 

163 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Then she resolved to effect her escape. She put 
on her most sordid garments, stained her face and 
hands with walnut juice, and made up a little bundle 
of her effects. 

The lady, shifting out of doors, 

Departed then by stealth. 
Than thus with baseness to be watched 

Who should have lived in wealth ? 

The story turns now to the noble Raymond, who, 
on reaching Wales, found that there had been a 
revolution during his absence, and that a kinsman 
had usurped the throne and crown, so that he could 
not enter his realm. He was therefore obliged to 
turn his course elsewhere, and was ashamed in these 
circumstances to go back to Cornwall. He could 
not ask the beautiful Imogen to share his fortunes, 
when these were so low at ebb. 

His horse took him on through England, till he 
was obliged to part with him, because he had 
exhausted all the money he had in his purse. 

When he had sold his horse, he lived for a while 
on the produce, and when that came to an end, he 
sold his rich apparel, and lived on what he received 
for that, wearing only a poor dress. At last he was 
constrained to sell his sword, and he lived a week on 
the money he had obtained for his sword. Then he 
hacked away his spurs, that were of gold, and dis- 
posed of them to a goldsmith, and was able to 
maintain himself for one month on what his spurs 
brought in. 

After that, he had nothing more to sell, and rather 
164 



The Shepherds of Salisbury Plain 

than starve, he hired himself as a shepherd on 
Salisbury Plain. Now he began to think with sad- 
ness on the loss of the fair Imogen. He valued his 
lost principality only as a means of winning her. 

A brace of years upon that plain, 

Near Salisbury that lies, 
In ill content with feeding flocks, 

A shepherd's life he tries. 

Now, as he roamed over the plain, he often 
encountered a shepherdess who was young, and who 
took care of a flock of sheep. She often sat in the 
shade of one of the great stones that form Stonehenge. 
She would pluck the harebells in summer, and form 
a wreath of them for her hair, and would decorate 
the little lambs in spring with pretty flowers. 

Raymond both observed and spake with her, 
indeed on that wide and desolate plain there were 
not many with whom he could converse. He learned 
that she was the shepherdess to a very old couple 
who lived at some distance ; but she would not tell 
him much about herself, for she was very shy and 
modest. 

In spring Raymond made himself a pipe of willow, 
and played to her, sitting by her side among the 
huge masses of Stonehenge. 

Now, not a little to his shame and self-reproach, 
did he discover that his heart was turning with love 
to the shepherdess who called herself Maudlin. He 
wondered that he could forget the beautiful Imogen 
so soon. Moreover, he thought it great disgrace that 
he, of royal blood, should love so much a poor 

165 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

peasantess. But he considered further that fate was 
against him, that he had not the smallest chance of 
recovering his principality, and that therefore as a 
shepherd he must live and die. If, then, he was 
to remain a shepherd, it would be sensible to submit 
to what could not be helped, and marry a girl of the 
class to which he had been cast down. 

Now, it will be remembered that the fairy Morgana 
had appeared to Prince Raymond and had shown 
him the image of Imogen in a glass, and had urged 
him on to go into Cornwall and ask for her to be 
his wife. She had not forgotten Raymond in his 
trouble and exile, and one day, whilst he was sitting 
along with Maudlin under one of the great stones 
of Stonehenge, she suddenly appeared before them, 
dressed all in green, and with her silvery hair flutter- 
ing about her head, so that she looked like a living 
daisy. 

She said to the young people as they started to 
their feet, " Do not be afraid of me. I will do you 
no harm. I will take care of your interests ; but to 
assure my favour, I desire one thing of you. There 
is a fountain of the purest water that bubbles up at 
some little distance from this spot. I desire you to 
go every morning and clear out this spring. A 
hideous toad jumps into it at night, and unless 
this toad be taken out before the sun's rays fall on 
the water, great mischief must ensue. Therefore I 
ask if you will undertake this for me, to cleanse the 
fountain, and remove the toad every morning early. 
I do not force you to do it. I ask you if you will. 
But, remember, if you freely undertake to do this 

1 66 



The Shepherds of SaHsbury Plain 

thing for me, I expect that you will fulfil your 
undertaking." 

The young people cheerfully promised to do what 
the fairy had requested, and she pointed out the 
spring to them, and then vanished. 

And now, every morning, they rose very early, and 
met at Stonehenge, and went on together to the 
well, and cleared it out and threw out the hideous 
toad ; and this they did daily before the sun 
ascended into the sky. 

This went on for some while. At last came 
Midsummer Eve, and then there is really no dark- 
ness at night at all. The two young peasants met 
very early indeed at the circle of Stonehenge, and, 
because it was so early, they thought there was 
plenty of time before them ; and because it was 
Midsummer morning. Maudlin had collected flowers, 
and she was weaving a wreath for the head of the 
young shepherd, her companion ; and he, on his side, 
had collected a posy and bound it with a green rush, 
and had brought his pipes, wherewith to play her 
a tune. But, instead of continuing to play his pipes, 
he put the instrument down on the grass, and sang 
to her the following song — 

*' The ploughman's labour hath no end, 
And he doth churlish prove ; 
The tradesman hath more work in head 
Than doth consort with love ; 

The merchant venturing abroad, 

Is ever on the roam ; 
The sailor tosses on the seas, 

He rarely is at home. 
167 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Then choose a shepherd, bonnie girl, 

Whose hfe is merry still, 
Who gaily spendeth all his day 

Upon the fair green hill ; 

And when at eve the day is done, 

Returneth home betime. 
And at the fire turns a crab. 

And sings some merry rhyme. 

Nor lacks he tales, while round about 

The nut-brown bowl doth trot, 
And sitting sings his cares away, 

Till he to bed be got. 

Then sleeps he soundly all the night. 

Regards not morrow's cares. 
Nor fears the blasting of his corn. 

Nor the wrecking of his wares. 

Oh, this I know full well, fair lass, 

More quiet nights and days 
The shepherd sleeps and wakes, than he 

Whose cattle he doth graze. 

A king, in truth, is but a man, 

And that, sweet lass, am I. 
Content is worth a monarchy. 

But mischiefs shoot full high." 

It was a pretty song. When he had done, he saw 
that the damsel was in tears. 

Then he said, " This is very truth. Those who 
sit high, at them doth Mischance aim her bow. It 
is through the hearts of the greatest on earth that 
the keenest arrows pierce." 

" That is indeed so," observed the girl. " Those 
who stand on the ground cannot be cast down, 
only such as be on high." 

1 68 



i 



The Shepherds of Salisbury Plain 

" It is with us," said Raymond, " that we are in a 
lowly condition, and in our lowliness are not exposed 
to great tribulation. Now listen : I will tell you a 
story. 

" There was once upon a time a young prince, and 
he rode into a distant duchy to seek himself a wife. 
When he arrived in that duchy " — 

" What duchy was it ? " asked Maudlin. 

" The duchy of Cornwall," answered Raymond. 

Then he continued : " When he was there, he 
saw the most beautiful damsel imaginable — curiously 
enough, now that I look on you, you remind me ot 
her greatly." 

" Where did he see her ? " asked Maudlin. 

" That is singular — he saw her face in the water. 
She was stooping over the river washing clothes. 
But ^o proceed. The prince asked her hand of the 
duke, and he was bidden return to his principality 
in Wales and make all ready for the wedding. 
Accordingly he departed, but when he reached his 
native province, he found that a cousin had usurped 
his power and dominion ; so that he, from being a 
great man, had been cast very low. So. in this case 

Mischief shot full high. 

And in such distress was he that he was con- 
strained to sell his horse, and his garments, and his 
sword and gold spurs — and at last to become " — 

Then Raymond hastily arrested himself. 

Thereupon Maudlin smiled, and said, " And did 
the prince forget the beautiful damsel, and fall in 
love with another ? " 

169 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Raymond coloured crimson — he could not answer 
her. Then she said — 

** I grant, fair youth, you loved her well. 
If that your love were such, 
Yet think of me, your second love. 
In love to be as much. 

Your twice-beloved maid is here. 

Submits herself to thee. 
And what she could not at the first. 

The second time shall be. 

In fortune, not in person changed. 

For I am still the same. 
In heart and mind as chaste and true 

As first to me you came." 

You cannot imagine the joy and surprise of 
Raymond when he discovered that the shepherdess 
of Salisbury Plain was no other than his dear 
Imogen, and that, thinking himself to be false, he 
had all the while been true. 

Then she told her story, how she had fled from 
the court of the Duke of Cornwall, and had taken 
service with a poor old couple on the edge of 
Salisbury iPlain. 

Then, all at once, the sun rose and flashed on the 
two as they sat talking, and Maudlin — or Imogen, as 
her real name was — cried out that they had forgotten 
about the fountain. 

At once they hastened to it ; Imogen carrying the 
wreath she had been wearing, and Raymond with 
the pipe in his hand. They ran to the hawthorn 
bush under which bubbled up the spring, and, she 

170 



The Shepherds of SaHsbury Plain 

kneeling on one side, and he on the other, they 
thrust their hands into the water, to draw out the 
toad and to cleanse the spring. But whilst thus 
engaged, groping for the foul reptile, the sun, already 
risen, shone into the water. 

At once the spring became turbid, bubbles rose in 
it, and then great bursts of water, so that Raymond 
and Imogen started back in haste, one on each side. 

The water boiled forth with fury, great spouts 
rose into the air, and the amount was so great that 
the fountain became a lake, and Imogen and Raymond 
had even to step farther back from the advancing 
waters. 

They were so astonished, they hardly thought 
what to do. Then Imogen cried out that the wreath 
of flowers she was plaiting was carried away on the 
water, and Raymond exclaimed that his pipe was 
dancing on the foaming waves. 

Now the spring broke through all bounds and 
the volume of water poured forth in a river, and 
Imogen ran down the stream on one side, pursuing 
her floating garland, and Raymond on the other 
side, endeavouring to recover his pipe that was 
washed away. 

But presently all thought of garland and pipe was 
gone from them, for they saw themselves divided by 
a great river as broad as the Thames ; and it rushed 
along at a great rate. 

Raymond, seeing Imogen crying on the farther 
bank, plunged in to endeavour to cross and reach 
her, but the flood swept him off his feet and carried 
him down. Imogen tore her hair and ran on, in the 

171 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

utmost terror, which was only allayed when she 
saw her dear friend scramble ashore on the farther 
bank. 

So they hasted on all through the day. At last 
Imogen became alarmed as to what might happen to 
her if night fell, and she saw a tree that was 
uprooted and was being carried down by the current, 
and she threw herself among the branches, in the 
hopes that it would float her across to Raymond. 

Now the drifting tree went into the midst of the 
rush of water, and was swept along there, without 
drawing near to either bank. When Raymond saw 
this, he went into the water again and swam, and 
did not desist till Imogen held out her hand as 
he approached the tree, and helped him up into the 
branches. 

By this time, night had come on. The sun was 
set, but as it was midsummer, there was much light 
in the sky ; moreover, the moon was as a crescent of 
the colour of gold. All through the night they 
were swept along, till they heard the roar of the sea, 
and presently, at dawn, beheld the rising sun flash 
on the foam of the breakers rolling in. 

When they reached the spot where the waves met 
the river, then they were tossed about, and washed 
off the tree ; but they would not let go each other's 
hand, and the blue waves carried them gently and 
threw them up on the sand. They were so exhausted 
as to be insensible. 

When they opened their eyes, the fairy Morgana 
stood before them. She reproached them for their 
neglect of what they had undertaken. She said to 

172 



The Shepherds of Salisbury Plain 

them : " My children, never be so engrossed in your 
own concerns as to forget the duties you owe to 
others. That is one lesson I hope you have learned. 
But there is another I wish you to take to heart. 
When difficulties occur, do not struggle against 
them, but try to circumvent them. If you had not 
been foolish, both of you, and thought of something 
else except your wreath and pipe, you would have 
gone round the head of the river, which might have 
been done with the utmost ease, instead of running 
down the stream and then endeavouring to stem 
the current. Most difficulties may be got round at 
their source, which can never be overpassed if 
allowed to grow in volume. That is the second 
lesson. And now, your troubles are near their end. 
I will call my carriage and restore you to where you 
were." 

She clapped her hands, and at once a carriage made 
ot green rushes appeared, drawn by a thousand field- 
mice. She insisted on Imogen entering, she entered 
herself, and made Raymond sit on the box beside an 
old rat who was coachman. 

So they drove through the land till they reached 
Salisbury Plain, till they arrived at the house of the 
old couple with whom Imogen had lived, and, when 
they arrived, they found there a great concourse of 
people with horses and armour. 

The Duke of Cornwall was dead, and the people 
of Duffeneth had risen to demand their own duchess, 
and had sent out messengers who had traced her in 
her flight to the cottage by Salisbury Plain. She 
was now clothed in magnificent robes, and was 

173 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

mounted on a dapple grey, but she insisted on 
Raymond accompanying her. She returned to 
Exeter, where she was proclaimed duchess, and then 
she married Raymond. 

Soon after, she lent him troops, and he marched to 
Wales, and speedily recovered his own principality. 

And so these lovely princes both 

Each other did befriend, 
Where, after many a hard mishap, 

Their lives had joyful end. 

Note. — This is based on the old English ballad of '* The Strange 
Lives of two Young- Princes in England," which was printed in 
A Collection of Old Ballads^ 17251 vol. iii. The earlier part is so 
distinctly founded on the story of Havelock the Dane and Argentile, 
that I have somewhat altered it, as this latter story is given in 
this collection. After the flight of the damsel, then the story no 
longer bears any resemblance to that of Havelock. The ballad 
as it comes to us is not in its original shape, but is a rewriting of 
a much earlier one, in the reign of Elizabeth or James I. The 
collector of the Old Ballads supposed that this composition was 
founded on the story of Raymond Fitzgerald, the conqueror of 
Ireland, who married Basilia, sister of Richard Strongbow, in 
1 174. But there is nothing save the name to favour this 
hypothesis. 

All the portion of the fairy of the fountain is imported into it 
by me from a story in A New Collection f Fairy Tales, none oj 
ivhich were ever before printed, in two volumes, London, 1750, 
It is somewhat of a surprise to me that among the many collec- 
tions of modern days, this curious old book has not been noticed 
and stories taken from it. 



1/4 



IX 



KING HORN 



/5 



IX 

KING HORN 



There lived in times long gone by, a king of the 
name of Murray, and he ruled over the Western 
Isles, which went by the name of the kingdom of 
Sodor. He had a good wife and a little son, and 
the name of this son was Horn. 

Now this was at the time when the Norsemen 
sailed round the coasts of England and Scotland 
and Ireland, plundering and burning and slaying. 

One day King Murray rode out, attended by two 
knights, and, when he came to the beach, he found 
that a fleet of Vikings had just arrived and disem- 
barked. Before he could fly, they killed him. Then 
they went up to his palace, and the queen had but 
just time to escape in the confusion, and to hide 
herself in a cave among the rocks. 

As for the little Prince Horn, he was out at the 
time, playing with two other boys of his own age, 
whose names were Athulf and Fikenhild. 

At first the Norse pirates thought they would kill 
Horn, but, instead of doing this, they put him and 
12 177 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

his two companions in a small boat, and thrust it 
out to sea. 

Then the sea began to flow, 
And Horn child to row ; 
And the sea the boat did sweep, 
Far, far out, over the deep. 

The three boys were in the boat all night ; they 
were cold and hungry and frightened. Happily, no 
storm arose. They knew not where they drifted. 
At last, day dawned. Athulf and Fikenhild had fallen 
asleep with crying and with weariness. Now, as 
the sky began to lighten, Horn touched his com- 
panions, woke them, and said — 

" Friends young-, Hst to me, 
I will say a word of glee. 
I hear the sweet birds sing, 
I see the green grass spring." 

The two sleepers sat up in a boat, and they saw 
a coast not far off, and the tide was carrying them 
up upon the yellow sands. 

They were very glad now, and, with their hands 
in the water, they rowed, for they had no oars, and 
at last ran ashore. 

Then they jumped out, and Horn, turning to the 
little boat, said — 

" Ship, by the sea flood 
Days have thou good. 
By the sea brink, 
In water do not sink. 
If to Suderey you come, 
Greet kin at home, 
Greet the queen my mother, 
And of friends each other." 

178 



King Horn 

Then he thrust the httle boat from land, and saw 
it swim away on the falHng tide. 

Horn and his companions walked up on the land, 
and at last met with men who told them they were 
come into Westerness, which may have been Argyle. 
There reigned over this little realm a king called 
Aylmar, and he received the three boys very kindly, 
and asked whence they had come. 

Horn spoke for them all, and told his story. 

Then Aylmar summoned his steward, who was 
named Athelbert, and told him to see to Horn and 
his comrades, and to give them a good education, 
which consisted in being able to play the harp, 
carve the meat, and serve the wine. This is what 
he said — 

"You must teach him to harp, 
With his nails cut sharp, 
Before me to carve, 
And of the cup to serve. " 

So time passed, and Horn and his companions 
grew up into tall, handsome young men. 

Now the king had got a daughter named Rymen- 
hild, and she saw Horn, and took a great fancy to 
him, and one day asked Athelbert to contrive that 
she should have a talk with him. 

xAthelbert agreed, but he was somewhat discon- 
certed, because he did not know v/hether the king 
would approve of it. Horn was indeed a very hand- 
some and well-educated youth, but his kingdom was 
spoiled and taken possession of by the Norsemen, 
who already occupied the Orkney Isles, and had 

1/9 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

tried to get hold of Ireland. However, he did not 
like to refuse the princess, and so he contrived that 
they should meet. 

Now King Aylmar had no son, so that Rymen- 
hild was his heir. She told Horn that she loved 
him dearly, and that she wished him to plight to 
her his word that he would marry her and no one 
else. 

Horn replied that he really was not worthy of 
such an honour, but that he would consider her pro- 
posal after he had been dubbed knight. So the 
princess urged the steward to persuade her father to 
make Horn a knight. 

Athelbert agreed to this, and he went before the 
king, and represented to him that Horn was now 
of age to receive knighthood, that he could do all 
that was required of a knight with lance and sword, 
and that his birth was royal, and he was entitled to 
knighthood. 

Aylmar consented to this : he called for Horn, 
and thereupon dubbed him knight. 

Now, as soon as Horn had been knighted, he at 
once proceeded to confer knighthood on his com- 
rades, Athulf and Fikenhild. 

Then Horn went before the princess, and said 
that, as he was a knight, he must go forth on his 
adventures, and show that he was worthy of the 
honour he had received. He promised that if he 
came back, he w^ould ask for her hand. 

Then she gave to Horn a gold ring with a stone 
in it, and on the stone was engraved her own like- 
ness. And she told him that the property of the 

1 80 



King Horn 

ring was to carry him safe and sound through all 
danger. 

Then Horn went down to the shore. 

He arrived most opportunely, for just then a 
Norwegian pirate ship had run up to the shore. 

Horn and his companions at once fell on them, 
took them by surprise, routed them, and he cut off 
the head of their leader, and came back to the 
palace, carrying it by the hair, and he placed it on 
the table before the king. 

Now it must be told that Fikenhild was false at 
heart, and he had whispered into the king's ear that 
Horn had conceived a plan of poisoning the cup he 
offered the king, so as to kill him, then possess 
himself of Rymenhild, and ascend the throne of 
Westerness. 

After Horn had put the Viking's head on the 
table, he went to Rymenhild to tell her what he had 
done. He found her in tears, and this was what 
she said : She had dreamt, and thought she had 
gone out fishing, and had caught a fine and beautiful 
fish. But the net burst, and the fish fell out. 

Horn comforted her as well as he was able, and 
pledged himself to be good and true to her. 

Now, Aylmar believed the lying tale told him by 
Fikenhild, and he drove Horn away from his 
presence, and bade him leave the realm. 

Before Horn departed, he bade Athulf remain be- 
hind and watch over Rymenhild, and see that none 
harmed her, and he promised that in seven years he 
would return and claim Rymenhild for wife. 
Then he took ship and departed. 
i8i 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

The ship sailed west, and he landed in Ireland, 
where he was well received by the king, whose name 
was Thorstan, and by the two princes, Harold and 
Berild. But he did not give his real name, he called 
himself Cutberd. 

Now it fell out that at Yule, which is Christmas, 
there came a Berserkr, with a number of Northmen, 
and he defied the king and his men to fight. 

But Cutberd stood up and offered to take the 
adventure upon him. 

This the king reluctantly allowed. But, in fact, 
Horn had recognised in this big Berserkr the com- 
mander of the expedition that had come on his 
father's land, and had killed his father. 

You must understand what these Berserkrs were. 
They were Northern men who worked themselves up 
into mad fury, when foam dropped from their 
mouths, they gnawed the tops of their shields, they 
had in their madness twice the strength of ordinary 
men, and believed that when the fit was on them, 
no steel would wound them. It was something like 
possession by an evil spirit, and we hear a good 
deal about it in old Norse history. There is no 
doubt that these Berserkrs were mad at the time. 
When the fit was off them, they were so exhausted, 
they could scarce move for hours. 

Now Horn knew the man, and he was resolved 
to avenge his father. He had on the ring given him 
by Rymenhild, and his own trusty armour. 

Horn now fought the Berserkr, and after a furious 
onslaught killed him. Then the Irishmen rushed 
on the fellows of the Norse chief, and killed them 

182 



King Horn 

all ; but it was a hard fight, and the pirates behaved 
so bravely, and made such a stubborn stand, that 
the two princes, Harold and Berild, fell in the fray. 

King Thorstan was much grieved at the death of 
his sons, and he now offered his daughter to Cut- 
berd to be his wife. But Cutberd said he could not 
take her, as he had promised to be true to another 
fair lady ; but he undertook to remain with Thorstan 
for seven years, to help him against his enemies. 

Now it must be told how that time slipped away, 
and the seven years were nearly at an end. King 
Aylmar had resolved to have his daughter married, 
and had looked out for her King Modi of Rennes, 
in Brittany, who had come all the long distance to 
seek him a wife. Rymenhild had refused to hear 
anything of him, but the seven years were nearly 
over, and her father was greatly set on the marriage, 
and she hardly knew what to do. Then the faithful 
Athulf sent messengers in all directions to seek Horn, 
and to tell him to come at once, and deliver Rymen- 
hild from the difficulties in which she was placed. 

One day it fell out that Horn was hunting, when 
he met a little foot-page in the wood, and he asked 
him who he was and whence he came. 

The little page said he had been sent from 
Westerness by Athulf to bid him return at once, as 
the Princess Rymenhild was about to be married to 
King Modi. 

Horn at once bade the boy return as swiftly as 
he could, and say he would arrive next Sunday 
morning. 

Unhappily, whilst the little foot-page was return- 

183 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

ing by ship, a storm arose and wrecked the vessel, 
and all therein were drowned. 

Now Rymenhild watched every day, expecting 
Horn to come, and at last reluctantly she had 
promised her father that if he did not arrive on the 
following Sunday, she would do as he desired. 

Then the sand washed up to her feet the body 
of the little foot- page, and she knew he had been 
drowned, and she greatly feared either lest he should 
have perished on his way to Horn, or, worse still, 
had been wrecked along with Horn on his way back. 
Then she gave herself quite up to despair. 

Horn, nevertheless, was on his way. When he 
received the news, he went before King Thorstan, 
and told him both who he was, and what was his 
present need. He asked him to let him have some 
Irish kernes to come with him and fight for him, if 
there were need to fight. 

King Thorstan readily assented, and speedily Horn 
had a ship made ready, and entered it with his men, 
and sailed for Westerness. 

He was much detained by the storm in which 
had foundered the boat of the foot-page. But at 
length he arrived on the coast of Westerness, and 
he and his men went on shore, and he bade them all 
abide hidden in a wood till he summoned them. 

Then he went forward by himself, and he met a 
palmer coming along in a grey suit, with his cockle- 
shell and his long staff. 

Horn stood before the palmer, and stayed him, 
and asked him what news. 

The palmer said that there was great news, for 
184 



King Horn 

that day the king's daughter, the Princess Rymenhild, 
had been married to the King of Brittany, and that 
there was to be a great feast in the palace, but that 
all told how sad the princess was, and that her eyes 
were red with tears. 

Then Horn asked the palmer to change dresses 
with him. He agreed, and Horn went on his way 
disguised, and he took berries of blaeberry, and 
stained his face and hands, that none might know 
him. So he went to the king's gate. 

He came to the gate-ward 

That answered him full hard. 

Horn bade him undo soft, 

Many time and oft ; 

But ne'er could he win 

That the man should let him in. 

Horn began the gate to turn 
And the latchet unspurn. 
The porter-boy — he by his rig 
Horn took and threw over the brig, 
That his ribs him did break, i 
And so Horn passed the gate. 

When Horn had got through by this means, he 
ranged himself among the beggars. He looked out 
for his faithful x\thulf, but could not see him, because 
Athulf was on a high tower looking for Horn to arrive 
with his men ; and though he had seen the palmer 
arrive, it had not struck him that this could be his 
dear master. 

Presently the princess came down, and not only 
were her eyes red with weeping, but the tears were 
on her cheeks, and the roses had faded out of her face. 

185 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

She saw the beggars, and, full of gentle com- 
passion, she filled a great silver-mounted horn with 
wine, and handed it to the beggars. All drank 
except the palmer, who sat down on the floor, and 
held out his bowl of rough pottery. The ancient 
poet says — 

Her horn she laid down 

And filled him from a brown (pitcher) 

His bowl that held a gallon 

For she weened he was a glutton. 

Then he spoke to her, and said, " I am not a 
beggar. I will not drink wine save out of a white 
mug. I am a fisherman, and my nets are close by. 
They have been lying in the sea these seven years, 
and I am come to see if a fish be in them." 

The princess was much surprised at what he said. 
She was more surprised when he said, " Come, fair 
lady, fill up the horn and drink the health of Horn." 

She put the silver-lipped horn to her mouth, but 
she so trembled that she spilled the wine. Then 
she stooped, when the wine was spilled, and as she 
stooped, she said to the palmer, " Why speak you of 
Horn ? Have you seen him ? " 

Then the palmer dropped the ring in the wine, 
and she took it up and knew it again, and well-nigh 
fainted. She hastily retired among her maidens, 
to her bower, and sent one of them to bring the 
palmer to her. 

Now Horn came in, and speedily he told her who 
he was, and how that his men were at hand in a 
wood, and that he would deliver her from King Modi. 

i86 



King Horn 

Thereat Rymenhild was right joyous, and Horn 
went, and bade her send Athulf to him into the 
wood. And she did so. 

Then they armed, and marched towards the 




castle of King Aylmar, and blew a trumpet, and 
Horn proclaimed who he was, and that he had come 
to demand the princess. 

Then King Modi bade his men arm, and the gates 
be thrown open, and he rushed forth, with intent to 

187 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

cut to pieces both Horn and his men. But Horn 
and his Irishmen made a good fight, and the end 
was that Modi fell, and his men were routed. Horn 
pushed on into the palace, and appeared before King 
Aylmar, and told him all the story of his acts, and 
convinced him that there had been slanderous accusa- 
tions made against him. 

Then he asked King Aylmar to let him have 
Rymenhild for wife, but said that he had no purpose 
to marry her till he had reconquered his own 
kingdom of Sodor, or the Sudereys. 

The king consented, and though Rymenhild was 
sorry that he should leave so soon, yet she saw that 
he was very determined to marry her as a king and 
not as an outcast. Before he departed, Horn was 
inclined to severely punish Fikenhild, but his old 
comrade fell on his knees before him and entreated 
forgiveness, and swore that he would be true to him 
evermore. And because Horn remembered how 
they had been playfellows together, and how 
together they had fared in the open boat, he was 
softened, and forgave him. 

Horn departed, and he took with him the Irish 
kernes lent him by King Thorstan, and he had 
with him as well his faithful Athulf, and some men 
from Westerness, who were glad to serve under him. 
When Horn landed in Sudderey, he found a man 
bound to a tree, and he asked him who he was. 
The man replied that he was a knight, and had 
been a servant of King Murray, but now he was 
badly treated by the Norsemen, who ruled the 
isles. Then he said how that the natives were 

i88 



I 



King Horn 

weary of the Norsemen, and how they wondered 
that Horn did not return to claim his own. 

Horn now told him who he was, and wherefore 
he had come. He released him from his bonds, 
and bade him go about and tell his people secretly 
to be ready and rise suddenly on their tyrants, and 
he would be with them to aid them. 

Now all happened right as Horn devised, and he 
was able to slay the Northmen, and those he did 
not slay he drove out of his father's old realm. And 
now there was great rejoicing in the isles, and Horn 
was overjoyed to find his mother still alive, in the 
cave in which she had concealed herself these many 
years. 

In the meantime, things had not been going well 
with Rymenhild. It must be told that at the time 
King Aylmar had grown old and childish, and for 
seven years Fikenhild had been at his side as 
counsellor, and had gained such a complete mastery 
over the old king, that he could make him think 
and do just what he liked. 

Fikenhild was very ill pleased at the return of 
Horn, and at his own humiliation, and he was not at 
all grateful that his life had been spared. 

He began now to scheme how he might take 
advantage of Horn's absence ; and he talked to the 
foolish old king, and turned him about just as he 
wished. Fikenhild persuaded the king that Horn 
had been killed by the Norsemen in Sudderey, and 
that the Norse were coming on to attack the kingdom 
of Westerness. 

When Aylmar heard this, he was in a great fright, 
189 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

and he asked what was to be done. Fikenhild 
answered that he must give him Rymenhild as wife, 
and appoint him to succeed him in the kingdom, 
then the people would rally round him as their 
future sovereign, and fight bravely, under his leading, 
against the invaders. 

The king gave his consent ; but Rymenhild would 
not listen to a word Fikenhild said. She would not 
believe that Horn was dead. 

So Fikenhild built a strong tower by the sea, which 
could only be reached at low tide, and he carried off 
the princess and set her therein, and said that there 
she should remain till she consented to marry him. 

Now one night Horn had a dream : he thought 
that Rymenhild was on a rock in the sea, and the 
tide was rising, and she was in great peril of being 
drowned, and she stretched forth her arms, and cried 
to Horn to help her. 

Next morning Horn mounted his ship, and took 
his companions with him, and sailed for Westerness, 
and as it chanced, as they neared, they saw a new 
white tower standing in the sea. Horn greatly 
wondered, because this tower was not there when he 
departed, so he ran his ships under the walls, and 
there saw, sitting on the rocks, a man who was 
Athulfs cousin. Horn told who he was, and asked 
about the tower. Then he learned all the treachery 
of Fikenhild. 

So he and his men hastily disguised themselves 
as harpers, and put on long cloaks over their armour. 
They came to the tower door, and said they were a 
party of minstrels, and asked to be admitted. 

190 



King Horn 

Rymenhild bade them be allowed to come in ; 
and Fikenhild's men made no demur, for — 

Horn said, they were harpers 
And some were g-'igerers (fiddlers). 

Now, when they came into the hall, Horn took 
his harp and sang a ballad, and the ballad was the 
story of Rymenhild and her sorrows, and the burden 
of every verse was Rymenhild 's wail of- — 

' ' Well - a wa}- ! Ah, well - away ! ' ' 

This made the princess weep bitterly. 

Then, all at once, Horn drew his fingers across 
the harp with a mighty clang, threw off his cloak, 
his fellows did the same, and they drew their swords, 
and were speedily masters of the castle ; and as it 
happened that Fikenhild was then in it, they had 
him also in their power. He was ordered to be 
tied to the tails of wild horses and torn to pieces. 

And now not much more remains to be told. 

There was a joyous marriage of Horn and 
Rymenhild, and after that Horn went back to 
Ireland, and got King Thorstan to give his daughter 
to the faithful Athulf. Then Horn went back with 
his wife to Sudderey. 

Note — The old English lay of Horn exists in three MSS., one in 
the Cambridg-e University Library, one in the Bodleian, and one 
in the British Museum. It is a very early tale, for it was translated 
from Eng-lish into French by a Norman poet of the reign of 
Richard I., and the French lai is still extant. 

There is no historic basis for this story. In the MSS. the 
kingdom of Murray is Suddene, which I venture to suppose is 
Suderey or Sodor, — the Hebrides or Western Isles. The incident 

191 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

of Horn sitting among the beggars is like that of Cadwallo, King 
of the Britons, at the gate of Edwin, King of Northumbria, in 
Roger of Wendover ; and, in a measure, is Hke that of the return 
of Ulysses. 

An example or two must be added to show the language of the 
original. 

He dude horn inn late 

Rigt at halle gate, 

He sette him on the benche 

His harpe for to clenche. 

He makede Rymenhilde lay 

And heo (she) maked Walaway. 

Rymenhild feol yswoge (swooning), 

Ne was there none that louge (kiughed), 

Hit smot to homes herte 

So bitere that hit smerte. 

The lay of Horn has been edited by J. R. Lumby for the Early 
EnglishText Society," 1866. 



f 



192 



X 

HAVELOCK AND ARGENTILE 



13 193 



X 

HAVELOCK AND ARGENTILE 



There was once in Denmark a great king named 
Gunter, and he had a wife and one little son, who 
was called Havelock. 

Now there rose up war in Denmark, a great 
rebellion broke out, and the castle of King Gunter 
was entered and set on fire, and the king was 
killed. 

The nurse of little Havelock said to the queen, 
" Follow me. We must fly, or the wicked rebels 
will kill you and the young prince. My husband is 
captain of a ship, and he is now in harbour. Let us 
get on board, and he will spread sail, and carry us 
away where Prince Havelock can be kept safely till 
the good times return." 

So the queen consented, and fled with the good 
woman to the sea, and they went on board. The 
captain, whose name was Grim, at once hoisted sail, 
and the ship flew out on the blue sea. 

But they had not been sailing many days before 
195 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

a pirate vessel hove in sight, and ran alongside of 
the merchantman. The captain and all his crew 
fought desperately, and drove away the pirates. 
The fight had been so furious that all his men were 
killed or wounded. By the greatest piece of good 
luck he himself escaped. 

The terror in which the good queen was, whilst 
the battle had been waged, and the sense of her 
great loss in the death of her dear husband. King 
Gunter, and of the kingdom of Denmark, so over- 
came her, that her spirits sank, and she died at 
sea. Then there arose a dreadful storm, and to 
save the vessel the captain was obliged to throw 
all the lading into the sea. He could hardly 
manage the ship himself alone — and all the wounded 
sailors died. At last the gale drove the vessel 
as a wreck upon the Lincolnshire coast, and it was 
stranded at the place afterwards called from him, 
Grimsby. 

Then the captain and his wife came on shore, and, 
forasmuch as they were without means, they took 
the wreck, sawed it in half, and turned it into a 
house by the side of the sea. Happily the little 
boat belonging to the ship was uninjured, and the 
captain used this for going out fishing. Luck 
attended him, and he sold his fish well. What he 
did not sell, that he and his wife and the little 
Havelock ate. The fish were turbot, salmon, mullets, 
porpoises, mackerel in great plenty, and great junks 
of whale, with the blubber. 

Now the nurse was a skilful cook, and she dressed 
all the fish that they ate in the finest and most 

196 



Havelock and Argentile 

dainty way, and little Havelock watched her, and 
soon learned to cook quite as well as she. 

As the nurse and her husband did not desire that 
the child should be known, they did not call him by 
his true name, but always Cueran ; and he grew up 
to believe that the fisherman and his wife were his 
father and mother, and he had no thought but that 
Cueran ^ was his right name. 

In time the fisherman Grim became much better 
off, and, instead of going out fishing, he became a 
salt-merchant. He made pans and put sea-water 
in them, and his wife lit fires under the pans, and 
strained the water away. Then there was left in 
the pans only beautiful white salt. 

The good man and his wife had two sons of their 
ovrn. They were younger than Cueran, and they loved 
him and sei'ved him as an elder brother. Cueran's 
supposed father and mother often said to him, " Let 
no one ever see you asleep ; for if you are seen 
asleep, great mischief may come of it." They would 
not allow him at night to be in the same bedroom 
with the two boys of their own, for they did not wish 
these two to see the lad, who, they thought, was their 
elder brother, when he was asleep. Why that was, 
that you shall hear presently. 

Now the salt-merchant went about the country 
selling salt ; but at home, at Grimsby, his wife 
minded the pans, and the two young boys kept up 
the fire under them. In order that they might 
work, they must eat, so Cueran remained in the old 
wrecked ship turned into a house and cooked the 

^ Cueran in the old British tongue means a scullion or cook. 
197 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

dinner, and his nurse used to say that he surpassed 
her in cooking just as a king surpasses common men 
and the rose excels the daisy. 

It happened one day that the king of that country 
came to Grimsby, and this was the reason of his 
coming. The queen had run short of salt, and 
there had been no salt in the palace when the dinner 
was cooked one day. The food was so tasteless that 
the king could not eat it, and he said, " If you can't 
put in salt, put in something else." 

Next day the queen put soda with all the meat, 
into all the puddings and pies ; and the dinner was 
so nasty that the king pushed his dish away, and 
said he could not eat it. 

Then the queen said he must go to Grimsby and 
buy her salt of the merchant there. 

The king said he would do so. He rode and he 
rode till he came near Grimsby, and as he drew near, 
he lifted up his nose and said, " Good ! good ! " for 
he smelt fried herrings. 

He had not gone much farther before he sniffed 
again and said, " I am sure they are cooking turbot 
which is eaten with oyster sauce." 

He had not gone farther before his eyes began to 
twinkle and his mouth to water, and he said, " I 
would, oh I would that I had some of that whale 
blubber I smell cooking so daintily ! " 

Then he put spurs into his horse's sides, and 
galloped till he came to the cottage on the beach 
made out of the old wreck, and there all the delicate 
smells of all the different courses that were being 
cooked for dinner that day were mingled just as in 

198 



Havelock and Argentile 

pot-pourri are mingled rose-leaves, thyme, bay salt, 
orris root, and lavender. 

The king jumped off his horse, went in, and found 
that Cueran was engaged preparing dinner for his 
father and mother and brothers. The king was very 
hungry after three days' fast — for he had not eaten 
anything that day, nor all the day before when he 
had refused the soda-seasoned victuals, nor on the 
day before that, when he had rejected the wholly 
unseasoned meats. 

The king was so hungry that he could not contain 
himself, and he insisted on Cueran dishing up. 

And then he sat at the meal, and ate up every one 
of the seven courses, and even the entremets, which 
were scallops and winkles and a mayonnaise of 
lobster. 

Presently the merchant and his wife came in with 
their sons, and the king said he had come for salt, 
which the merchant was very ready to sell. Then 
he said he positively must have the young cook-lad, 
to make him his own cook in the royal kitchen, for 
the cook he had had the queen had dismissed for 
impertinence and wasting the coals. 

The merchant and his wife were very reluctant 
to lose their dear Cueran, but when they saw that 
the king had set his mind on it, they were obliged 
to consent; but they made two conditions, — one was 
that he should have his young brothers with him to 
serve as scullions, and the other that he should have 
a room to himself in which to sleep, and not be put 
into the common dormitory. 

The king consented, and would have granted 
199 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

much more, had they asked it, so eager was he to 
secure this perfection of a cook. 

So Cueran became the head cook in the palace of 
the King of Norfolk. The name of the king was 
Edelsi. 

Now it must be told that the brother-in-law of the 
King of Norfolk was King of Essex, and had his 
capital at Colchester. His name was Edelbert, and 
he had married Orwain, the sister of the King of 
Norfolk, who had his capital at Lindsey. 

The King of Essex died, and he left the charge of 
his wife and his daughter Argentile, and of his 
kingdom, to his friend and brother-in-law Edelsi. 

The poor Queen Orwain was broken-hearted at 
the loss of her husband, and she lived only twenty 
days after him, and her body was laid beside his at 
Colchester. 

King Edelsi was greedy after other things beside 
herrings, turbot, and whale blubber. He desired 
land as well. When King Edelbert was dead, he 
thought he would annex the kingdom of Essex to 
the kingdom of Norfolk and Lincoln, for these two 
counties were then comprised in one realm. To do 
this, he must put aside his niece Argentile. He was 
not so wicked as to think of killing her. He thought 
it would be quite sufficient if he married her to the 
cook. After that, no one would think of making a 
queen of her, so he supposed. 

Argentile arrived at the court at Lindsey, and very 
little was made of her, and she did not say who she 
was, nor did the king declare that she was his niece. 
He told his wife, the queen, that she was a young 

200 



Havelock and Argentile 

woman he had hired to help the man cook in his 
work ; and, to make sure that she kept the place, as 
kitchen-maids in those days were very flighty, he was 
resolved to marry her to Cueran. 

Argentile cried much when she heard that her 
uncle was going thus to degrade her. She entreated 
him not to persevere in his purpose, but he would 
not be dissuaded, and the marriage took place. The 
king took care there should be plenty of witnesses, 
and the bridegroom made and sugared his own 
bridecake. All went well for some time. Cueran 
was very handsome and well made ; he had a beauti- 
ful face and beautiful hands, indeed so delicate were 
his fingers that he had but to touch dough with the 
tips of them, and the most beautiful puff paste was 
the result. He was also very strong, and if anyone 
showed himi any impertinence, he wrestled with him 
and threw him, and would tie his arms and legs with 
his sash, and not let him go till he had promised 
amendment. The king and the knights were so fond 
of him that at his wedding they left him some of the 
cakes and puddings and tarts, and graciously con- 
descended not to consume all his wedding cake. 
They took off all the sugar and the almond-paste, 
but graciously allowed him and his wife to eat some 
of the dark currant substance. 

One night Argentile awoke from a dream that had 
troubled her ; and she touched Cueran so as to wake 
him, that she might tell him her dream. Then she 
was greatly frightened and astonished to see a flame 
issuing from his mouth. Presently the flame danced 
on to the floor, ran along, passed through the keyhole, 

20I 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

and disappeared. Argentile was dreadfully alarmed. 
She shook her husband, but he was as one senseless, 
she could not wake him. At last she saw a flame 
come from the keyhole, run along the floor, and jump 
into Cueran's mouth again. Then he opened his 
eyes and asked what she wanted. 

She told him what she had seen — a flame in his 
mouth that left him, and was away for an hour, and 
then returned to him, and that all the while the 
flame was absent he was as one dead. 

" I do not know what this can be," answered the 
cook. " All I can say is, that in dream I went to 
Grimsby to see my father and mother. When I got 
back, I felt you trying to rouse me." 

" That which I desired to tell you," said Argentile, 
" was a dream I had." 

" Tell it me," said Cueran ; " but I think dreams 
are often great nonsense." 

" I dreamed," said Argentile, " that there was a 
great bear, and round the bear were many little 
foxes. Then there came a huge boar, and it rushed 
at the bear and gored it till it died, and when it was 
dead, then all the little foxes came wagging their 
tails and fawning on the boar. And the boar went 
rooting about in quest of you, and to escape it you 
ran up into a tree, and then the sea rose and washed 
the tree away with you clinging to it, and threw you 
up on our shores. Then I thought you pushed the 
tree back into the water and got on it, and swam 
away, and landed where the boar was, and you 
fought and killed the boar, and then all the foxes 
came to lick your hands." 

202 



Havelock and Argentile 

" I know what this means," said Cueran. " There 
has been a great hunt to-day, and a wild boar has 
been killed and will be cooked to-morrow. I shall 
cut it up." 




" I do not think this is the interpretation of the 
dream," said the princess doubtfully. " What does 
the tree mean ? " 

" It means the logs that will burn to boil the 
boar." 

203 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

" And the sea that rose ? " asked Argentile. 

" That means the copper boiling in which the 
junks of boar-flesh will be stewing." 

The princess was not satisfied. 

" I am sure," she said, " you are no ordinary man. 
Common men do not have flames in their mouths. 
I wish you would get leave to go and visit your 
father and mother at Grimsby, and take me and 
your brothers with you." 

" I was even thinking of that," said Cueran. " It 
is but right that they should see their daughter-in- 
law." 

So next day Cueran asked leave of King Edelsi 
to go to Grimsby and show his bride to the salt- 
merchant and his wife. 

The king laughed and gave his consent. 

Then Cueran started, and he took with him 
Argentile and the two scullion boys. 

Now they were very well received by the old 
people, who were delighted with their new daughter. 
And when Cueran and his brothers had gone to see 
the salt-pans, she said to the old man and woman, 
" I want you to speak to me the truth, and tell me 
who my husband is. If you will do that, I will tell 
you who I am. When he is asleep, there is a flame 
in his mouth, and when he dreams, the flame travels 
about, and where it goes, his thoughts go also. I 
am sure he is not what he thinks and says, any more 
than I am what you suppose and the king gave 
out." 

Then the old couple looked at each other, and 
presently the woman said, " The truth must come 

204 



Havelock and Argentile 

out. It is true that Cueran is not our son. He is 
the son of a king in Denmark who is dead, and he 
has lost his inheritance." 

" And I," said Argentile, " I am the daughter of 
the King of the East Saxons, and am deprived of my 
inheritance." 

Now, when the young men came in, Argentile was 
very desirous that her husband should sail for 
Denmark and try to recover his kingdom, for now she 
saw what her dream really meant. The bear was 
Cueran's father, the foxes were the lords and vassals. 
The boar was the upstart king who reigned in his 
room. The tree into which Cueran climbed was 
the ship, and the sea had really carried him to the 
Lincolnshire shore. Then, surely, the dream foretold 
that he would regain what had been lost. 

Now the salt-merchant and his wife went to their 
chests, and they brought out fine clothes that had 
been saved from the wreck, and they clothed Cueran 
and the princess, and they put on their two sons 
fitting garments. 

They bought a ship, and Cueran sailed away in it 
with the princess and with the two young men as his 
attendants. 

They arrived in Denmark, and as the ship was 
laden with merchandise, they unloaded it, and Cueran 
and his wife went to the town to lodge. 

Now in that town lived Sigurd, who had been 
seneschal to King Gunter, and had amassed great 
riches, but, after the fall of Gunter, he had served the 
new king, whose name was Odulf. But so also had 
most of the great men of the land, even as, in 

2oq 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Argentile's dream, the foxes had fawned on the wild 
boar. 

As it fell out, Sigurd invited Cueran, who was 
Havelock, to stay at his house. 

Now it was told King Odulf that a merchantman 
had come to the town with a very beautiful wife, so 
he gave orders to his men to go and carry off this 
fair wife. He would see her, and, if she was as fair 
as was said, keep her for himself, as his own wife was 
dead, and cut off the head of the merchant. 

Then one evening, when all were at supper in the 
house of Sigurd, in rushed the servants of King 
Odulf, and they seized on Argentile, and tried to 
carry her off. But Havelock snatched down an axe 
which was hanging against the wall, and fell on those 
who were bearing away his wife. Yet he was not so 
speedy but that Sigurd was wounded, and several of 
his men. He pursued the servants of the kirrg^nto 
the street. Three men he killed, two he wounded to 
the death, and he hewed off the hand of the man 
who had laid hold of Argentile. 

Then he took refuge with his wife and his servants 
in a church ; and he shut the doors and ascended 
the tower and rang the bells. 

The King of Denmark urged on his men to besiege 
the church, to kill Cueran, and to capture Argentile. 
But Havelock and his foster-brothers and servants 
threw down stones and tiles, and defended themselves 
valiantly, and the king called off his men, after he 
had lost several more. 

Now Sigurd, who, though wounded, had looked on, 
was much perplexed in mind, for he did not think this 

206 



Havelock and Argentile 

young man could be a merchant, as his behaviour 
was that of a prince ; moreover, he was in face much 
Hke his old master. King Gunter; so, when the 
assault had ceased, he made those who had been 
besieged in the church come to his mansion. 

When they were there, Sigurd inquired of Cueran 
who he was, what his name might be, and who his 
companions were. Of the lady he asked whence she 
came, and who were her parents. 

" Sir," said Cueran, who was also Havelock, " I 
know not who I am. I know that I was born in 
this country ; a mariner, whose name was Grim, took 
me away when an infant. When on the high seas 
we were attacked by pirates, by whom we were badly 
treated. Then we were cast by a storm on the 
coast of Lincoln, at a place called Grimsby. The 
good man to whom the ship belonged and his wife 
nou^shed me ; much they regarded and tended me. 
Then I went and served a king, and I was cook in 
his kitchen. There I was given this lady to be my 
wife, and she is his relation. She is very dear to me, 
and I am very much beloved by her. I came to this 
country, but I know none of my friends. I knew 
not with certainty if I had any relatives here. When 
I was in Denmark, I was called Havelock ; when in 
England, I am called Cueran. You may call me as 
pleases you, by one name or the other." 

Sigurd stood and listened. He well remembered 
the son of Gunter, and he knew that he bore that 
very name of Havelock. He remembered another 
circumstance — when he saw him in his cradle as an 
infant, a flame came out of his mouth. But he said 

207 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

nothing. He promised to set guards round the 
house, and he spread the report that the merchant 
and his wife had retired to their ship, and had put 
out to sea. 

Now, in the night, when Havelock was asleep, 
Sigurd stole into the bedroom to look, and there 
was the flame playing about the mouth of the sleep- 
ing man. Then he made quite sure he was the son 
of his old master, King Gunter. 

Then he sent for his people, he sent for his knights, 
for townsmen, and for foot soldiers. Many came 
from all parts. When he had assembled a large 
number, he went to speak to Havelock. He caused 
him to wash and eat. He had him dressed in 
splendid robes of cloth of silver, and he brought him 
into the hall. When Havelock entered the hall and 
saw so many armed men assembled, he thought 
some treachery was designed, and that they would 
fall upon him. He made a spring at an axe which 
a youth was holding. 

Then Sigurd said, '' Do not fear, my friend. I 
assure you I love you more than I did yesterday 
when you were sitting at my table." 

Then he brought forth the ivory horn of King 
Gunter. Under heaven there had never yet been a 
knight who could sound this horn, and it was said 
that never would that horn sound again till the true 
king of Denmark had appeared. The upstart King 
Odulf had often tried to sound the horn, but had as 
often failed, and the people of Denmark knew well 
that therefore he was not their right king. 

Sigurd now took the horn and tried to sound. 
208 



Havelock and Argentile 

He could not do so ; and he handed it to a 
knight. 

" Whoever shall blow this horn that it sound," 
said he, " I will give a golden ring that is worth a 
castle. He who shall wear that ring will never be 
drowned, even though he should fall into the sea ; 
nor will he be burned, even though he should fall 
into the fire. That is what is said of the ring." 

Everyone now pressed forward to try the horn ; 
but none could sound it, much or little. Then they 
delivered it to the young man Havelock. When he 
held it, he looked at it, and said that he had never 
blown a horn. He said, " I will let it be. As no one 
else can sound it, and some are great knights and 
mighty huntsmen, I am not likely to succeed, as I 
am but a cook." 

''No," said Sigurd; "you also must put the horn 
to your mouth." 

" Sir," said Havelock, " to please you I will do it, 
though I am sure I shall fail." 

Then he took up the horn and placed it against 
his lips ; and directly the horn touched his lips, it 
sounded as loud and shrilly and merrily as when his 
father blew it. And all were greatly astonished. 

Then Sigurd clasped Havelock in his arms. 
" Now," said he, " I have found my rightful lord ; 
now I have him whom I have desired, and for whom 
I will fight. This is the lawful heir, and he who 
should wear the crown of gold." 

And all in the hall swore their allegiance and did 
homage. All the barons of the kingdom were sent 
for, and when they heard his story, and how he 
14 209 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

sounded the horn, they received him as their lord. 
When this was done, the people assembled. In four 
days there were many hundreds. In five days there 
were thirty thousand. Then they defied King 
Odulf; and there was a battle fought on a plain. 
Havelock gained the victory. All men came to him, 
suing for pardon and swearing fealty. The knights 
of the kingdom, the chief men and townsmen, made 
him their lord and king. 

Then he held a great feast and merrymaking. 
He afterwards summoned all his ships, with all the 
power of the realm. 

With this great host he passed the sea, and defied 
King Edelsi. He sent him word that he challenged 
him if he would not restore the rightful inheritance 
of his wife. 

King Edelsi sent back answer that he would fight 
with him ; he sent him all the saucepans, and kettles, 
and toasting forks, and ladles out of the palace 
kitchen, and said that these were the weapons suit- 
able for a cook. 

Then a great battle was fought that lasted till 
evening ; and many men on both sides were slain. 
Black night came on, and settled down on the 
combatants ; and the issue of the battle was deferred 
till the next day. 

Now, by the counsel of Queen Argentile, a thing 
was done that proved of great success. Indeed, as 
men were flocking out to the assistance of King 
Edelsi, it seemed that on the morrow the Danes 
would be outnumbered. 

During the night, the Danes, by Argentile's 

2IO 



Havelock and Argentile 

advice, cut down trees and made posts, and planted 
these posts in long rows. Then they took up the 
bodies of the dead men, the soldiers who had been 
slain the previous day, and they tied them to the 
posts ; and they armed them with kitchen-ladles and 
toasting-forks and cleavers, and some had cauldrons 
and kettles on their heads, and some the covers of 
fish-kettles on their arms as shields, and fish-slices 
as swords ; in a word, the dead men were all erect, 
and armed with the spoils of the kitchen that King 
Edelsi had sent in mockery. 

Then, during the night. King Havelock and his 
men decamped from their former position and made 
a circuit, and came to the rear of the army of the 
English men of Norfolk and Lincoln. 

Now, when the sun arose. King Edelsi sent spies 
to observe the enemy. 

And as these spies drew near, they were filled 
with terror, for they saw rank on rank of dead men 
standing up, all armed with kitchen utensils. They 
were so frightened, that they ran back and said to 
King Edelsi that all the dead cooks and scullions of 
every age from the creation of the world had risen 
from their graves to fight for and maintain the 
right of the only cook who, in all the course of the 
world's history, had laid claim to a crown. 

Edelsi was uneasy, but he bade sound the advance, 
and the army of the English advanced. 

But when they came in sight of the host of dead 
men prepared to meet them with kitchen utensils as 
their weapons of warfare, their hair stood on end, 
and they trembled. At that same moment, Havelock 

211 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

and his Danes charged from the rear, and the dis- 
comfiture was complete. The Norfolk and Lincoln 
men threw down their arms and sued for peace. 

All the kingdom of the East Saxons was restored 
to Queen Argentile. 

King Havelock held a great festival at Colchester, 
and received the homage of his barons. 

King Edelsi only lived five days after this. Me 
had no heirs. His children were dead. So his 
nobles willingly agreed that Havelock and his wife 
should have the land of King Edelsi. So he had it ; 
and he reigned as king for twenty years ; and 
nothing more is recorded in English history of the 
events of the reign of King Havelock, save that he 
was very particular about his victuals, and liked 
everything sent up to table to be very well cooked ; 
for indeed he knew how things should be done, 
having been a cook himself. And Havelock is 
believed to have been the first and last king who 
had been a cook. 

Note. — The story of Havelock is one of the most ancient of our 
sagas, so ancient that it has passed away out of our nurseries, 
and has been clean forgotten. It exists, however, in several ver- 
sions. The old English lay of Havelock is one of the few poems that 
have happily been recovered, after having long been given up as 
lost. It was at length discovered by accident in a manuscript be- 
longing to the Bodleian Library, which had been catalogued as a 
Collection of Lives of the Saints. It was edited by Sir F. Madden, 
in 1828, for the Roxburghe Club, and has since been re-edited by the 
Rev. Walter W. Skeat for the Early English Text Society, 1868. A 
French " Lai de Aveloc" exists, which was composed within the first 
half of the twelfth century. The story was abridged by Gaimar in 
his English Chronicle, and he wrote between 1141 and 1151. 
There are numerous other references to the tale in other historians, 
all of which will be found in Mr. Skeat's edition. 

212 



Havelock and Argentile 



The story varies very considerably in the several versions, and 
Hav^elock's wife is variously called Arg-entile or Goldburgh, and 
the several kings who are named in the tale also differ. 

That Havelock was an historical character is more than 
probable, and Mr. Skeat fixes his date as somewhere in the 6th 
century. Mr. Haigh in his Congiiest of Britain by the Saxons, 
1861, gives these dates : Havelock's father slain, a.d. 4S7 ; his 
expedition to Denmark, a.d. 507 ; his reign in East Anglia, a.d. 
511-5.31 or a little later. The story was converted into a ballad by 
Warner in his Albion's England, published in 1586 ; or what is more 
probable is that he took a current ballad and rewrote and spoiled 
it. That was what rhymesters did at that period. The Scots 
preserved the early ballads intact, our English rhymesters 
vulgarised them in rewriting them, to suit the false taste of the 
day, and so the old ballads on which they were based got 
lost. 

As not only the names but the incidents vary in the several 
versions of the tale, I have rewritten it ; and hope sincerely I 
have not done what I am complaining that the ballad-mongers 
did at the close of the reign of Elizabeth and in that of James I. ; 
but if so, my version may go into the fire. The old lays have 
happily been preserved and published. 

Finally, the seal of the town of Grimsby, which dates from the 
thirteenth century, represents Grim with Havelock on one side of 
him and Goldburgh (Argentile) on the other. 

No point can be made out of the fact of the hero Sir Henry 
Havelock having been derived from Lincolnshire, as showing more 
than that a personal name continued to be used in that part of 
England and was adopted as a surname, and there is no more 
likelihood of blood relationship than that all "Williams" in England 
should be lineal descendants of William the Conqueror, or all Peters 
and Simons should be the offspring of the chief of the apostles. 



21 



XI 

THE MAN WITH THE BELL 



215 



XI 

THE MAN WITH THE BELL 



In the vale of the Ouse, long, long ago, lived a great 
man called Buern Buzecarle. 

One day he was sitting feasting in his hall, when 
he and those with him heard a little bell ring, and 
straightway through the door came an old blind 
man, ringing a small bell he held in his hand. 

Now there was a bench across the hall, and as 
the old man came in direct, he fell over the bench 
and sprawled on the floor. 

Thereat Buern Buzecarle and all his men broke 
out into laughter. 

The blind man picked himself up, and Buern 
bade his servants give him some meat off the table, 
and some ale from their drinking horns. 

The blind man said, " Buern Buzecarle, shall I 
say what I see ? " 

" Then," said Buern, " you will keep silence, for 
you see nothing." 

" I see," said the blind man, *' that you are going 
217 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

a far journey, to lose the Pearl of Humber. And 
then, because you have lost the pearl, you will throw 
away everything else you have, the box in which 
was the pearl, and the chamber in which was the 
box, and the house in which was the chamber, and 
the land on which was the house, and Northumbria 
in which is your land." 

" You see this, do you ? " asked Buern, laughing. 

" Yes, I do," answered the blind man. 

"If you could not see the bench that was before 
your nose, how can you foresee that which may never 
come to pass." 

" The blind can see what is hid from seeing eyes," 
answered the man with the bell, " and the seeing 
eyes discern that to which the dark eyes are blind." 

Now Buern Buzecarle had got a pearl, the finest 
pearl that ever was seen. It had been got out of 
the Humber, and it was as large as a hen's egg, and 
it shone like the moon in the dark. Nothing that 
Buern had got did he value so highly as the Pearl of 
Humber ; for other men had houses and lands, and 
horses and hawks, and servants, but he alone in all 
England had the pearl. 

That was quite true which the man with the bell 
had said, even that he was going away. 

He was going to Germany about merchandise. 
What the blind man had said stuck in his thoughts, 
and he put away the pearl in a strong iron case, and 
the case he put in a strong stone chamber at the 
bottom of the tower, and he gave the three keys to 
his wife, that she should keep the pearl safe whilst 
he was away. But he did more. On top of the 

218 



The Man with the Bell 

box he set an iron cock, and if anyone touched the 
box, the cock would peck out his eyes. And in 
front of the chamber he set an iron dog with steel 
teeth, and if anyone came to the door the dog would 
bite his legs and crush the bones. And in front of 







the tower he set an iron man, so that if anyone came 
to the tower, the iron man would swing about a great 
mace set with steel knives, and would pound and cut 
the intruder to pieces. 

Then the wife of Buern Buzecarle said to him, 
" But how will you be able to get to the pearl when 

219 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

you want it? Will not the iron man beat and cut 
you ? And if you escape the iron man, will not the 
dog crunch your leg bones ? And if you escape the 
iron dog, will not the iron cock peck out your eyes ? " 

Then her husband said, " No, because I know the 
secret how to make them all still." 

" What is that secret ? " asked his wife. 

" Nay, if I tell you, you will tell others." 

" Indeed I will not. I see you do not love me, 
that you keep this secret from me." 

So Buern told her. 

Now Buern went on board ship and sailed away 
from England. 

At this time the King of Northumbria was called 
Osbrith. Northumbria was at that time a very great 
kingdom ; it reached from the Humber to the Firth 
of Forth, and the capital city was York. There 
King Osbrith held his court. 

Osbrith was a very proud man, and he bade a 
goldsmith make him a crown, for he desired to be 
crowned king in York Minster. He gave the gold- 
smith all kinds of jewels to set in the crown. 

The man said that he wanted one for the top 
that would be larger than, and would outshine, the 
rest. But the king had no more. 

Then the goldsmith said, " It is a pity that the 
king has not Buern's Pearl of the Humber, for that 
would suit the crown admirably, and be a very crown 
of beauty to the crown itself." 

When Osbrith heard this, he considered within 
himself and said that, as the pearl came out of the 
Humber, it ought to belong to him ; and that it was 

220 



The Man with the Bell 

not right that one of his men should have a finer 
jewel than himself, their king. 

So he sent to Buern's house to bid him come to 
him at York. But Buern was away. 

Then the king considered that he must have the 
pearl shortly, for he was soon to be crowned, and he 
would be ashamed to have the crown put on his 
head without a goodly jewel at the top ; and no 
other jewel would do for him but the pearl that 
Buern possessed. 

So he sent messages to the wife of Buern 
Buzecarle to say that he would buy the pearl. 

She sent back word that she could not sell it, as 
her husband valued it above all he possessed. 

Then the king sent men to take the pearl. But 
they came back and said it was fast behind three 
keys, and that the lady kept the keys, and could in 
no way be persuaded to give them up. 

The king was very angry, and he rode himself 
into Ousedale to see Buern's lady. 

And when he saw her, he asked for the keys. 
She refused them to the king. Then he ordered his 
men to bring in a block and an axe, and he said he 
would have her head cut off unless she surrendered 
the keys. 

You may be sure she was in a dreadful fright, 
and she gave the three keys to the king. 

Now, when Osbrith and his men came to the 
tower, they saw that they were not advanced greatly, 
for at the tower gate stood the iron man, and he 
swung about his mace set with steel knives, and no 
one could come near to the door. 

221 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Osbrith was very angry, and he returned to the 
lady, and he said, " Make a great fire in the kitchen, 
and tie the lady to the spit, and turn her round and 
round and roast her till she tells me how we may 
get into the tower, past the iron man." 

So the servants bound the lady, and tied her to 
the spit, and made the spit turn before a roaring fire. 
First it singed her silken dress. Then the fire singed 
her hair, and when it began to burn her flesh, she 
screamed that she would tell. 

They unbound her, and she said : "If you would 
pass the iron man, you must roll up to him a barrel 
of tallow and a ball of tow." 

This, accordingly, the king's men did, and the 
iron man beat about with his iron mace, and first he 
struck into the barrel, and all the tallow came out 
and got about his mace, and then he struck at the 
ball of tow, and the tow came out and became 
tangled in the knives and spikes of his mace, and, 
because of the tallow, stuck to them ; and when he 
swung his arm, the tow came after the mace, and he 
banged again at the barrel, and more tallow came, 
and then next at the ball, and more tow came, and 
ever the tangle of tallow and tow became thicker 
about his mace, till at last it made a great ball like a 
huge silkworm's cocoon, and could do no man any 
harm whom it touched. 

Now, when the king and his men saw this, they 
rushed to the door, and thrust over the iron man 
with his muffled mace, and put the key to the lock 
and entered. 

Then they reached the chamber door, before which 



The Man with the Bell 

lay the iron dog. It got up and snarled, and showed 
its steel teeth, so that no man might come near. 

The king went back to the house, and he ordered 
all the cobwebs in the country round to be collected, 
and he had the lady wrapped up in them, and he 
said she should be tickled to death by spiders, 
unless she told him how he could pass the iron dog. 

She bore the discomfort for a while. First the 
spiders ran about in her hair. Then they ran over 
her hands. But when one ran to catch a fly across 
her lips, she screamed out that she would tell. So 
the king's servants took off the cobwebs and set her 
free. 

Then she said, " My sister at Ripon has got a 
cook who is so clever that whatever she cooks she 
turns to leather, that no one can eat it. Get this 
cook to make a beefsteak pudding and throw it to 
the dog." 

Thereupon Osbrith sent for the accomplished 
cook who was at Ripon, and who was so clever as to 
cook food that was good in such a manner that 
nobody could eat it. 

She arrived with a herald blowing a trumpet 
before her, and everyone watched whilst she made a 
beefsteak pudding. 

Now, when the pudding was done, it was carried 
into the tower and thrown before the iron dog. The 
dog snapped at it, and his teeth went in through the 
dough that was heavy as lead, into the meat that 
was tough as leather, and he could not withdraw 
them. He tumbled about with his mouth shut on 
the inedible beefsteak pudding, and was thenceforth 

223 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

harmless. So the king and his men passed the dog 
and unlocked the chamber door, and they saw within 
the casket in which was the pearl, and on it stood an 
iron cock ready to peck out the eyes of anyone who 
drew near. 

When the king saw this, he went back to the 
house, and he said, " Throw the lady into the eel- 
pond, and let her remain there till she tells me how 
to prevent the cock from pecking." 

Accordingly the lady was cast into the pond, and 
the eels began to wriggle about her. One crawled 
up her sleeve. Then one wound round her throat. 
But when another tried to get in at her ear, so as to 
crawl through her head and out at the other, she 
screamed out that she would tell. 

So King Osbrith drew her from the pond ; and 
she stood shivering and dripping before him, and 
said, " The cock only pecks because he is not 
himself henpecked. At Scarborough is a hen with 
an adamantine beak, that is crooked. Send for that 
hen, and all your trouble about the cock will be at 
an end." 

Then King Osbrith sent to Scarborough, and the 
hen with the crooked adamantine beak was brought. 
And as soon as she entered the house, the cock 
began to crow. And when she was brought into 
the chamber, she flew to the top of the box, and for 
a while the king was quite disappointed, because the 
cock began to plume her wings, and she to rub her 
beak against his, and Osbrith did not think that he 
would get at the lock. But this fondling continued 
only for a few minutes, and then sharp came a little 

224 



The Man with the Bell 

peck from the hen. The cock gave a discontented 
crow, and then the hen pecked again and again. 
She hopped about the cock, and pecked his neck 
and his comb and under his wings, wherever she 
thought her beak could give most pain. She had a 
wonderful insight as to what were his most sensitive 
parts. Then the iron cock danced about in torture, 
and had no thoughts for anything but how he might 
protect himself from the pecks of the hen. Rust 
came out all over him — which is the blood of iron — 
and ran in streams from his heart, where the beak of 
the hen struck deepest. 

Then the king got to the lock, turned the key, 
and carried off the pearl, and had it set in his crown, 
and wore it when crowned in York Minster. 

But the lady mourned much over the loss of the 
pearl, and she became quite colourless from the grief 
the loss caused her. 

This was certain to be seen by her husband Buern 
on his return, who was very noble and gentle. 
Amidst all the merchants who traversed the sea, the 
king had not a better vassal ; nor was there in the 
kingdom in which he was born one better descended. 

When he returned, he wondered much to see his 
wife pale and feeble and thin, and to find her quite 
changed from what she was when he left her. He 
asked what had occurred, what her wan looks meant, 
and what had happened to her. 

She replied to him, " I will tell you, and will even 
accuse myself; then administer to me the same justice 
which would be given to a robber if he were taken." 

He said to her, " What has happened ? " 
15 225 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

She said, " The other day the king came here, and 
he demanded the Pearl of Humber, and I told him 
where it was, and gave him up the keys, and told 
him how to make harmless the iron man, and the 
iron dog, and the iron cock." 

Then Buern said, " I know very well that you did 
none of this willingly." 

Then she told him all — how she had been roasted, 
and how she had been covered with cobwebs, and 
how she had been thrown into the eel-pond. And 
when she had done, she fell at his feet and said, 
" I am ready to die. I would rather die than live." 

He said, " Rise, my beloved. You shall not be 
hated for this. Feebleness could do nothing against 
force. There is a very goodly disposition in you. As 
you have first revealed this to me, I shall pity you 
greatly ; but if you had concealed it from me, so 
that another had discovered it to me, never would 
my heart have loved you, nor my lips have kissed 
you. Since, however, the king has behaved as a 
common felon, he shall suffer as a felon." 

Next morning he rode to York. 

He found the king amongst his people. Buern 
had many powerful relations there. 

The king saw him and saluted him. But Buern 
threw his glove in his face and said, " I defy thee, 
and I restore thee all the land thou didst give to me, 
and all the honour thou didst confer on me ; and 
here I return to thee all the homage due for land 
and honour." 

With this he went to his house, and many noble 
barons accompanied him. 

226 



The Man with the Bell 

Then he held a council with his kinsfolk and 
friends, and told them how the king, like a common 
felon, had broken into his house whilst he was 
away, and had robbed him of the Pearl of the 
Humber. 

They advised that he should demand it back 
again from the king. 

But when Osbrith heard that Buern asked to have 
the jewel restored, he scoffed, and said, " Shall I 
despoil my crown of its finest jewel for this merchant 
fellow ? " 

Then it was that Buern, with wrath in his heart, 
mounted his ship and sailed to Denmark, and invited 
the Danes to come and avenge his great wrong. 

Whilst he was away, Osbrith so oppressed the 
people that many of them left him, and they set 
up a brave man, Ella, to be their king, and Osbrith 
was followed by a very few, but he remained in 
possession of York. 

Now the Danes, when they landed, arrived at 
Cawood, near York, and other ships ran ashore in 
Holderness. They swarmed over the country, 
pillaging and spoiling, and there was a battle fought 
near York, and the English were defeated, and King 
Osbrith was slain. 

Then Buern Buzecarl said to the Danes, " You 
have avenged my wrong ; return to your own homes." 

But they laughed him in the face, and answered, 
" We hearkened to your call. We are deaf to what 
you now say. We shall go when we like — and 
perhaps not go at all." 

Then Buern remembered what the blind man 
227 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

with the little bell had said, and he was very 
sorrowful. 

Now it happened one day, about this very time, 
that King Ella was hunting, and he had been very 
successful, he had killed four wild white oxen. 

He was seated in his hall at dinner after the 
chase, when he heard a bell ring, and there came in 
at the door a blind man, and in his hand was a bell, 
and this he rang as he walked along. 

The king bade him come forward and have meat 
from the dishes and ale from the horns. So the 
blind man began to eat and drink. 

Whilst he was eating and drinking, King Ella said 
to one of his knights, " We have done well to-day ; 
we have slain four wild oxen and six deer. Many 
a time have we had worse sport." 

The blind man, who sat at a distance, heard him ; 
then he stood up and said, "If you have taken so 
much in the wood, you have lost more in the land. 
The Danes have been hunting ; they have taken 
York, they have killed many barons, and Osbrith is 
slain." 

Ella said, " How can you know that ? " 

The man with the bell said, " The blind can see in 
some things farther than the seeing." 

" I will not believe this without some token." 

" This is the token," answered the blind man : 
" the horn in your hand shall spill all its contents, 
and the ring on your finger fall into your plate, and 
the crown on your head lie low on the floor." 

When he had said that, the horn split from end to 
end, and all the wine in it was poured out, red as 

228 



The Man with the Bell 

blood, on the table. Also the king's gold ring 
snapped in twain ; and, as he started up, his crown 
fell off and rolled away on the floor. 

Then said the bHnd man, " I can see what is 
going on afar, and I can also see what must come to 
pass. There will be a great battle, which you will 
lose, and in it will go your crown and your life. 
Therefore, if you will be advised, go not into it." 

" Give me also a token that this is true," said 
Ella. 

Then said the blind man, " Orn, the son of my 
sister, who attends on me, and stands now behind me, 
will be the first to die in the great battle which will 
lose you kingdom, crown, and life." 

" I can easily make sure that this does not come 
to pass," said Ella, and he bade his guards take the 
young man Orn and shut him up in a high tower, 
and not allow him to leave it, but to retain him till 
his return from fighting against the Danes. 

Then he said to the blind man with the bell, "If 
I come back victorious, then I will have you hung." 

" I am content," said the blind man. " But I see 
very well that I shall not die on the gallows." 

Now news soon arrived that York had been 
captured by the Danes, and that King Osbrith was 
dead as the blind man had said. People came to 
Ella from every quarter, and he soon had a large 
army, at the head of which he marched south to 
meet the Danes. 

I must tell you that the young man Orn was in 
the tower, and he saw the armed men marching by, 
and heard the trumpets call, and he was very 

229 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

impatient to be in the battle. He could not endure 
to be a prisoner in the tower when all the brave 
men of the country were arming against the invaders. 
But the guards would not suffer him to leave. So 
he got two shields, very large and light, and he put 
his arms through them and jumped off the tower, 
and, by using the shields as wings, he saved himself, 
and came to the ground without breaking his neck 
or legs or arms. 

Then he saw a horse, which he quickly took. A 
man was holding the horse, and this man had three 
spears in his hand. Orn snatched two of them from 
him and rode away in the direction of York. He 
rode and rode, and did not desist till he reached the 
king's army, before the troops were mustered. 
Within himself, like a foolish youth, he determined 
that he would strike the first blow. 

So he went forward, and, as the Danes advanced, 
he threw one of his spears, and it entered the mouth 
of a Danish chief and came out behind his neck, and 
the body fell lifeless. It could not do otherwise. 
Orn then threw his second spear, and it entered the 
breast of another Dane and went through his 
heart, and the body fell lifeless. It could not do 
otherwise. 

Orn had now spent his two spears, and he had 
advanced before the Northumbrian line to throw 
them. Now he turned to go back. But at that 
moment a Danish archer let fly an arrow, and it 
pierced the young man, so that he fell dead, and he 
was the first who was slain in this battle under 
the walls of York, as the blind man had said. 

230 



The Man with the Bell 

King Ella, when he knew this, felt in his heart a 
grief which he had never felt before. He cried 
out with boldness, and pierced through two of 
the ranks of the enemy; he was as one beside 
himself. 

The Danes were on all sides. Ella the king was 
slain, and few of his men escaped. 

The Danes did not rest till they had taken all the 
land. They took from Buern Buzecarle his house and 
all that he had, and the whole kingdom of North- 
umbria. So the words of the blind man with the 
bell came true. 

Note. — The story of "Buern Buzecarle" is in Gaimar's Chronicle 
of England, written between 1141 and ii5i,and is clearly taken 
from a ballad. This lai has been unfortunately lost. One incident 
in it I have had to modify or alter, for reasons which will be obvious 
to any one who reads the original. There are two versions of the 
story of the coming of the Northmen to England : one is given 
in the story of King Edmund, the other is told here. What is 
certain is that the Danes began to come in Ethelred's time, when 
Edmund was king in East Anglia, and Ella was king in North- 
umberland. The King of Northumberland had been Osbrith, but 
he had been deposed, and Ella, who was not of royal birth, set up 
in his place. The Danes arrived in East Anglia in 866, passed 
the winter there, and next year crossed the Humber into what is 
now Yorkshire, and was then part of the kingdom of Northumbria. 
They took York in the same year, 867 ; there actually was then a 
great battle fought, and King Osbrith the dethroned and Ella 
the usurper made up their differences and fought the Danes under 
its walls, were defeated, and both slain. Consequently, we can fix 
the date of the events in this story with a nicety, and we know 
that both Ella and Osbrith were real historical characters, and 
that this story is based on historical traditions. 



231 



XII 

THE STORY OF CADWALLON 



233 



XII 

THE STORY OF CADWALLON 



Alack and alack-a-day ! The Saxons and the 
Angles and the Jutes had ravaged poor Britain. 
They had burned the cities, and destroyed the 
churches, and those men and women and children 
whom they had not massacred, they had reduced 
to be their bondslaves. 

King Vortigern had invited them over to help the 
Britons against the Picts and Scots, and these Ger- 
mans had found Britain so fair and fertile, that 
they had settled in the good land and made it their 
own. Yet was it not altogether their own. Still 
the brave Britons maintained a desperate resistance, 
and contested every inch of land, and still these 
Germans brought in fresh hordes from the desolate 
sand and heath-grown flats of Northern Germany 
and Jutland. The Britons had none to call to 
their aid, for their kinsmen in Brittany were also in 
great straits, and hard pressed. 

Now this is the story of the last gallant struggle 
made by the Britons. 

235 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

North of the Humber ruled a chief of the Angles, 
named Ethelfrid, who was a heathen, and a ferocious 
enemy of the British. He had a wife, but he was 
unkind to her, and at last drove her away, and she 
went in the heaviness of her heart to Cadwan, King 
of the Britons, so that probably she was a British 
lady ; and then, when Ethelfrid had got rid of her, 
he married a great stout German Frau. 

The wife of Ethelfrid remained at the court of 
Cadwan, and was much loved by the queen. 

Now it fell out that much about the same time 
the banished wife of Ethelfrid became the mother 
of a little son, and so also did the wife of Cadwan. 
Then the first was called Edwin, and the British 
prince was named Cadwallon. 

The two boys grew up together,and played together, 
and were great friends, almost as if they were brothers. 

Now, when both had grown to be fine youths, 
the King Cadwan sent them both to Brittany, to 
King Solomon, who reigned there, that they might 
be instructed in all the knowledge of the time, and 
be taught to be brave and honourable and true. 

King Solomon received them very kindly, and he 
did all that was asked of him, and the youths fought 
by his side, and did valiantly in some of his battles. 

At length, in course of time, good King Cadwan 
died, and so also did the Angle chief, Ethelfrid ; and 
each youth started to return to Britain, Cadwallon 
to be king and Edwin to be chief. 

Now, as they were in the boat, sailing over the 
blue sea, and the gulls were hovering over their 
heads, and the sail was full spread, and the waves 

236 



The Story of Cadwallon 

foamed up before the bows, the two youths stood in 
the fore part of the ship, and looked towards the 
land whence they first came, to which they were 
returning. 

Then said Edwin, " Cousin, you rule over the 
British, and I rule over the Angles, You wear a 
crown, why should not I ? " 

Then Cadwallon, without much thought, answered 
and said, " Ay, cousin, wear a gold crown if so you 
list." 

Now it fell out that after they had parted, and 
Cadwallon was going through his kingdom, that his 
heart grew sad and angry at the sight of the havoc 
wrought by the Angle and Saxon invaders. He 
came to Bangor, near Chester, and there saw blackened 
ruins where had once been a great monastery, w^here 
the holy men sat in ranges with gold harps, and 
harped and sang the praises of God all in the British 
tongue. But Ethelfrid had come there, and a great 
battle had been fought in the apple orchards there 
in the year 607, and Ethelfrid had defeated the 
Britons, and had murdered all the monks in the 
famous monastery, to the number of twelve hundred. 
For Ethelfrid had said, " What are these old men in 
white doing ? they are praying their God to defeat 
us ? " So they had all been put to the sword. 

Along with Cadwallon went his nephew Brian, 
and as the day was hot, and the king was weary, 
Cadwallon sat down beside a river, and laid his head 
on his nephew's lap and fell asleep. 

Now Brian had not lived out of Britain, as had 
his uncle, and he thought how that Cadwallon 

237 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

had granted to Edwin the right to wear a crown, 
and how that Edwin was the son of the cruel 
ravager, Ethelfrid. And when he thought on all 
this, he wept, and his tears fell down and dropped 
on his uncle's face. Cadwallon was disturbed in his 
sleep by the tears, and half asleep and half awake, 
he said, " It rains ! how it rains ! " 

Then he opened his eyes and saw that the sky 
was clear and blue. Then he said, " This is strange. 
There has been a shower, and the sun is shining. 
Where is the rainbow ? " 

Then Brian said, " Uncle, you have put it on the 
head of Edwin." 

Now Cadwallon looked in his nephew's face and 
saw that his eyelashes were heavy with tears, and 
he asked him what he meant. 

Thereupon Brian said, " h, uncle and king, 
hitherto these cruel invaders who have spoiled and 
taken our land have been but robber chiefs, and 
captains savage, and rulers over savages. But they 
have not quite forgotten that they are intruders, and 
none hitherto have called themselves kings. Now, 
what have you done but to break the British crown 
in half, and give half the golden hoop to the son of 
the man who wasted your land and slew the saints 
of God." 

When Cadwallon heard what was said, he was 
sore troubled and ashamed. He set his teeth hard, 
and before he raised his head from the lap of Brian, 
he had resolved to make one desperate struggle to 
free the fair land of Britain from the foreigners 
who had spread over it. 

233 



The Story of Cadwallon 

Then he stood up. Now there was growing 
near a great number of dog-daisies. Cadwallon 
plucked them, and made of them a wreath, and put 
it round the head of Brian, and said, " Follow me." 
So he led him to the ruins of Bangor, and took 
thence a stake that was burnt at one part, and at 
the other stained with the blood of the holy martyrs. 
He bade Brian take this piece of wood and lay it 
before Edwin, and say to him, " This will I avenge 
on thee and thy people." But because of the white 
dog-daisies round his head, a token that he was a 
messenger, Edwin would not venture to lay hands 
on him. 

Thereat Brian rejoiced greatly, and he went cheer- 
fully on his way, nor halted till he came to the city 
of York. There he entered as the messenger ot 
King Cadwallon, and went before Edwin. 

Then, lo ! he saw the Angle chief in his high seat, 
wearing a crown on his head. 

Thereat Brian waxed wroth, and he went up to 
him, and with the charred stick he took it off his 
head, put it on his arm, and, throwing the burnt 
stick at the foot of the astonished prince, cried out, 
" This will Cadwallon, the great king, the Pendragon, 
revenge on thee and thine." 

And so he ran forth, carrying the crown, and 
none stayed him, for all were amazed at what he 
had done. Moreover, he drew his cloak about him, 
and concealed the gold crown he bore. 

Then King Cadwallon sent messengers through- 
out the land to summon the Britons to meet him 
and prepare for battle. 

239 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Edwin also made ready. But he was a subtle 
man, and he resolved to obtain help in other ways 
than by arms. So he sent and fetched to him a 
Spanish magician, whose name was Pellitus, and 
asked his assistance. 

Pellitus promised it. He must have the swords 
and axes wherewith the blessed martyrs at Bangor 
had been slain, as well as the gold of their harps 
that had been carried away. This must all be 
mixed with tears of widows and orphans, and the 
whole smelted with wood that came from dead men's 
biers. Then Pellitus promised to make thereof a 
magic mirror which would show to Edwin all that 
Cadwallon did. 

It was not hard to obtain the ingredients, as there 
were many orphans and widows who wept daily 
their losses in the cruel wars carried on by Ethelfrid, 
and the swords and axes were in the hands of the 
mighty men of the court, and the gold harps in the 
treasury. 

So Pellitus worked, and in time ran out the molten 
metal, and fashioned therefrom a great mirror. 
Now, whenever Edwin looked into the mirror, he 
could see what Cadwallon was doing, how he was 
arranging his army, and what were the forces under 
his command. 

But this did not suffice the Angle prince. He 
sent and brought to him three old witches with 
beards like men and nails like the claws of birds. 
And the thing that these old women could do was 
to bake, boil, and brew storms. One baked thunder- 
bolts, and one boiled till out of her cauldron rose 

240 



The Story of Cadwallon 

clouds charged with hail and snow and rain, and 
the third brewed winds. He set these three women 
in a tower of his castle at York, and the king looked 
every day into his magic mirror. 

When he saw that Cadwallon was coming with 
his army along a difficult way, then he went with 
his host against him, and caught him stretched in 
extended line, and cut his army in half. And when 
he saw that Cadwallon was on the alert, and prepared 
for battle, then he kept away ; but so soon as his 
mirror told him that the army of the Britons was 
resting and relaxing its discipline, then he came down 
on it from all quarters, and cut it to pieces. 

Moreover, when the forces of the Northumbrians and 
of the Britons met on a plain, then he set his witches 
to work, and they made furious storms ; thunderbolts 
and hail were flung out of the clouds against Cad- 
wallon, and such a furious gale drove in the faces of 
the Britons that it beat back their armies, and gave 
double force to those of the Northumbrian foreigners. 

Thus the Britons were defeated in several battles, 
and several of their cities were taken. Among these 
was Worcester, in which was Gwen, the sister of 
Brian and the niece of Cadwallon. 

Then Edwin sent her to York to be made the 
handmaid of his queen, and he bade his wife use 
her roughly, and make her do the most menial 
work. Gwen was very gentle and meek, and she 
obeyed what was commanded, but she wept day and 
night, not only because she was a prisoner, but also 
because of the sorrows of the Britons, and the defeats 
of their king, Cadwallon. 

i6 241 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

At last Cadwallon was forced to fly out of Britain, 
and he took ships for Ireland. There he went about 
and urged the kings to come to his assistance. He 
represented to them that these rapacious Angles and 
Saxons would not rest content with having taken 
and ravaged Britain, but that they would next turn 
their attention to Ireland. 

So Cadwallon was able to collect forces. But 
whenever he put to sea, then Edwin looked into his 
magic mirror and saw him, and set the three witches 
to brew and bake and boil, and send such storms 
that the ships were wrecked or driven back upon the 
Irish coast. 

At length Cadwallon was almost in despair, and 
he resolved to cross over into Brittany and consult 
his good friend. King Solomon. 

Now, just as before, Edwin looked in the glass, and 
saw Cadwallon starting with the remnant of his men. 
He ordered the sister witches to work, and they 
baked and boiled and brewed, and such a frightful 
tempest, with hail and thunderbolts and raging 
winds, broke over the deep, that the fleet of King 
Cadwallon was scattered, and nearly all the ships 
foundered with those on board. Owing to the fury 
of the sea, none of those who fell in could escape to 
land. The ship in which were Cadwallon and his 
nephew Brian was driven upon the coast of a barren 
isle, which I think was that of Ushant ; and they 
had great difficulty in getting ashore, so furious were 
the breakers. 

Cadwallon was so grieved at the loss of his com- 
panions and the failure of his hopes, that for three 

242 



The Story of Cadwallon 

days and nights he lay on the turf and refused to 
eat. 

The faithful Brian was sore troubled for his uncle, 
whose heart seemed to be broken. He went about 
the island seeking for food, but could find nought. 
The seafowl had all been disturbed by the gale. 
It was not the season for eggs. There were neither 
goats nor sheep on the islet. He tried to get sea 
shells and fish, but the waves still boiled and tumbled 
on the rocks, and he could find nothing. Nor were 
there any berries to be found. Nothing grew in the 
island but short grass. 

Now, what do you suppose that Brian did when 
he saw how matters were ? 

He took his knife and cut out a slice from his 
own thigh, and lighted a fire and roasted the flesh 
thereat, and brought it to the king, and said it was 
venison. 

Then Cadwallon raised himself and ate, nothing 
knowing what he ate. But when he had eaten, then 
the spirit revived within him, and he resolved to 
make an attempt to reach the mainland. 

The wind had fallen, and he and Brian were able 
to get the ship afloat, and in it they were wafted 
over the strait to the coast of Brittany. Then they 
went before King Solomon, who received them very 
kindly ; and when he heard of the state of affairs in 
Britain he promised his assistance. 

So Solomon called together his council, and they 
consulted for three days. Then the king said to 
Cadwallon, " This is what we think. So long as 
Pellitus is by the side of Edwin, nothing can avail. 

243 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Moreover, no success can attend your arms so long 
as Edwin can look in the mirror and learn all your 
movements. This is our advice. You hunt, and play 
bowls, and eat and drink and royster. Then Edwin, 
looking in his glass, will see you making merry, and 
he will think that he has nothing more to fear." 

Now the wood of Brocelind contained in it a 
great oak-tree, and in that oak-tree was the enchanter 
Merlin, who had so greatly assisted Uthyr Pendragon 
and King Arthur. He might never leave that tree, 
but it was said that in times of great distress to 
Britain, he might there be consulted. 

This, then, was the advice given by the wise men 
of King Solomon, that Brian should go to the wood 
and call thrice upon Merlin by the tree, and ask his 
counsel. This accordingly was done, and Brian 
received answer that he must himself go and be the 
slayer of Pellitus, and that nothing would break the 
mirror of Edwin save a horse of brass made out of 
the sacring bells of the churches in Brittany. 

When Brian heard this, then he went up and 
down through the land, and he told of the scfrrows 
of Britain wherever he went ; and in every church he 
asked for " the sacring bell," — that is to say, the little 
hand-bell which is rung at the mass, for without 
that Britain could not be relieved. There was not 
a priest nor a congregation in all Brittany that was 
not willing to surrender its bell. So Brian came 
back to King Solomon with great store of bells of 
brass, and even some of silver. 

Now King Solomon sent for a cunning worker in 
brass, and Brian told him all that in which he had 

244 



The Story of Cadwallon 

been instructed by Merlin, and he cast a horse of a 
goodly size of the brass of the sacring bells. No 
sooner did the brass horse issue from the foundry, 
than he began to neigh and prance. 

After that Brian made him a staff, and shod the 
staff with a sharp piece of steel at the end, and with 
this in his hand, and with the brass horse, he 
departed in a ship for the coast of Britain. 

He had a good voyage. Edwin made no account 
of him. His glass told him that Cadwallon w^as 
that day playing a game of bowls. The glass told 
him nothing of the movements of Brian. 

When Brian landed at Hamo's Port, which is 
now called Southampton, he rode the brass horse by 
night, and by day he covered it with boughs of trees 
and old clouts, that no man might see it, and none 
might report concerning it to Edwin, or to his 
magician Pellitus. 

In this manner Brian rode till he reached a wood 
near to York, and there he concealed the horse, and 
covered it with branches of trees ; and, in the habit 
of a beggar man holding his staff, he went on to 
York, and came outside the palace and stood among 
the beggars who waited daily for alms. 

Now, as he thus stood, his sister came forth, 
having a basin in her hand, which she hasted to fill 
with fresh water for the queen. Brian went close 
by her, and whispered. She at once knew him, and 
could hardly restrain her tears by the fear she was 
in lest he should be discovered. He bade her try 
and meet him the next night at an old ruined church 
outside the walls, and he asked her to point out 

245 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Pellitus to him. This she did. She pointed with 
her finger to the magician, who had just issued from 
the door, bearing some alms for the beggars, sent 
them by Edwin. 




Thereat Brian pressed through the crowd of 
paupers, and came close up to the magician, and 
plucked at his garment. Then Pellitus turned, and 
instantly Brian raised his staff and struck him in the 
breast with the sharp end, and transfixed him with 

246 



The Story of Cadwallon 

it to the ground, and stepped back and disappeared 
among the beggars. 

A great commotion and outcry ensued, and the 
gates of the city were ordered to be closed. But 
Brian had fled and hidden himself in the wood by 
the brazen horse. His sister was unable to come to 
him, so strict were the orders of Edwin that none 
should be allowed to pass the gates. 

Brian waited till midnight, and then he went to 
his brazen horse, and patted him on the neck, and 
said, " Alas ! good steed, what shall I do ? The 
gates are fast, and the mirror is sound, and my sister 
is a prisoner." 

At that moment the moon rose, and the brazen 
horse began to prance and to neigh. In a moment 
he started, and was gone. He galloped to the gates 
of York, and stood up on his hind legs and beat 
with his front hoofs against the gates, and broke 
them down. All the guards fled in panic, and he 
neighed, and his neigh was as the blast of a trumpet. 
Everyone fled before him. He went on to the 
tower where was kept the magic mirror, and he 
went in, and kicked the mirror and shattered it to 
pieces. Then he trotted up the great stair into the 
chamber of the ladies, and knelt down beside Gwen. 

She thought that she had better commit herself 
to the brazen horse than remain a prisoner among 
the enemies of her people. So she sprang on the 
back of the horse, and he rose and trotted away 
with her, out of the palace, down the street of York, 
through the broken gate, and away, away to the 
wood where Brian was waiting. 

247 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Then Brian kissed his sister, and was right glad, 
and he rode along with her across the country till 
he came to Caer Wise, or Exeter, and there he 
summoned all the Britons of the west to assemble 
and make a stand against the Saxons and Angles. 

It must now be told that in Mid-Britain was the 
kingdom of Mercia, which consisted of the pagan 
Angles who had settled there. Their chief was 
named Penda, and he recognised the supreme 
authority of Edwin. Now, when Edwin of North- 
umbria heard that the Britons of the west had risen 
under Brian, he sent word to Penda to march 
against them. But, as it happened, in Mercia the 
great bulk of the people were Britons, and only the 
nobles were Germans. Moreover, Penda was jealous 
of Edwin, who was younger than he, and therefore 
he only reluctantly obeyed. He arrived before 
Exeter, and besieged it. 

Meanwhile, however, Cadwallon had set sail at 
the head of a large body of men from Brittany, and 
as Edwin knew nothing of his proceedings now that 
the mirror was broken and his magician slain, he 
did not bid the three hags to send storms against 
him, Cadwallon landed, and advanced to the relief 
of Exeter at the head of ten thousand men. A 
skirmish with Penda ensued, and then the chief of 
the Mercians agreed to come to terms with Cadwallon, 
and unite forces with him, and march against Edwin. 

When the Prince of Northumbria heard of this 
combination, he was greatly alarmed ; he gathered 
together a large army, and hastened to oppose the 
British king and Penda. 

248 



The Story of Cadwallon 

A great battle was fought at Heathfield, on the 
south frontiers of Northumbrla. That was a 
glorious victory for the Britons, for they utterly 
routed and cut to pieces the foreign invaders. Edwin 
fell, sword in hand, and almost all his people fell 
with him, together with his son Osfrid, and Godbold, 
King of the Orkneys, who had come to his assistance. 

Having obtained this great victory, Cadwallon 
marched through Northumbria, driving out the 
aliens, and everywhere restoring the Britons to their 
own possessions. 

So once more a British king held high court in 
London, and all Britain was subject to him. 

When Cadwallon grew old, he bade his people 
when he died embalm his body and place it in brass 
on the brazen horse made out of the sacring bells 
in Brittany, and set him on the west gate of London, 
with his face turned to the western sun. And he 
said that so long as he thus sat on the brass horse, 
so long the Saxons should not prevail. And so 
it was. When he died, a figure was cast in his 
form and set on the brazen horse, that had never 
neighed nor moved since its work had been accom- 
plished. And the figure of the king on horseback 
was erected where now stands St. Martin's Church. 

Now it fell out that after some years, the people 
of London town said : " Of what use is that brazen 
image of a king on horseback ? Let us melt and 
mint him, and then he will circulate as money." 
They did this. They melted the figure and minted 
it, and it became pennies. But after that the 
Saxons came, and seized on London, and there was 

249 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

never after a British king in the land. And if ever 
you chance on a bronze penny with on it the image of 
a horse and rider, be sure it is one made out of the 
statue of Cadwallon on his horse. 

Note. — The story of Cadwallon, or Cadwallo, or Caedwalla, 
is given by Geoffry of Monmouth, and after him by Roger of 
Wendover, and Caradoc of Llancarvan. According to Bede, who 
was almost a contemporary, he died in 634. Bede, of course, 
vilifies the British hero, and glorifies the Northumbrian princes. 
The story in Geoffry of Monmouth is, of course, fabulous, but is 
based on fact, as we can see by the Saxon Chronicle, and by Bede. 
Geoffry took the Welsh legends, and, having no feeling for the 
poetry in them, did his best to spoil these legends. He introduces 
wretched discourses of great length into the interview between 
Cadwallon and Solomon of Armorica. 

At the best the story is fragmentary, and I have taken the 
liberty of embroidering thereon. I have introduced the brazen 
horse earlier in the story than in GeofTry's History. 



I 



250 



XIII 

THE STORY OF KING EDMUND 



251 



XIII 

THE STORY OF KING EDMUND 



Long, long ago, in the kingdom of the Danes, there 
Hved a certain man called Ragnar, and as he wore 
his breeches of hair that had been dipped in melted 
pitch, which dried and made it bristle, all hard and 
black, he went by the name of Lodbrog or Shaggy- 
breek. 

Now I must tell you why Ragnar wore the shaggy 
breeks. There lived in Gothland a great earl, and 
he had an only child, a daughter, called Thora, very 
beautiful, and greatly loved by her father. 

Every day when the earl went out hunting, if he 
saw anything pretty or curious, he brought it home 
for his daughter. 

Now he had built her a house for herself in a 
sunny spot near a wood, and in it she and her 
maidens dwelt ; and they hung the chambers all 
round with tapestry, and the roof was gilt, so that it 
shone just like the sun. One day the earl found in 
the forest the loveliest little snake, that glittered like 

253 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

a rainbow, and, like a rainbow, was of all colours. 
It was so small that he put it in his pocket, and 
when he gave it to Thora, she put it into an ashen 
chest near the fire, where it might be warm, and 
whence she could take it out to play with it whilst 
sitting by the fire. 

She fed the snake with milk, a spoonful every day. 

It grew and grew, and at last was too big for the 
chest, so it got out and lay before the fire, and would 
not allow the earl's daughter or her maidens to come 
near. It occupied the whole space before the fire. 

Still she fed it with milk, and now it drank a 
jugful twice a day. 

It grew and grew, and at last filled the whole 
room, so that the earl's daughter and her maids had 
to remain outside the door. But the appetite of the 
snake also grew, and it put forth its head at the 
window and hissed for milk. 

She fed it with milk, and it drank all the milk a 
cow gave, and had to be fed four times a day. 

It grew and grew, and the room was too small for 
it, so it slipped out of the window and curled itself 
round the house in which was the earl's daughter, 
and she could not get out at all, for now the serpent 
was very savage, and furious for milk ; and if the 
earl had not driven up droves of cows every day for 
the snake to drink their milk, the horrible creature 
would have bitten off the heads of the earl's daughter 
and her maids, and have sucked their blood. 

When the serpent was angry, he spat out venom 
that burned up the grass and trees, and if a spot ot 
the venom fell on a man's hand, it went on burning 

254 



The Story of King Edmund 

through his flesh till it had reached the bone, and it 
burnt through that and killed the man ; for he went 
all to pieces when his bones were burnt through. 

The Earl of Gothland was in great distress, he 
did not know how to deliver his daughter. So he 
issued a proclamation that he would give her to be 
the wife of any man who could kill the serpent. 




When the tidings reached Denmark, then Ragnar 
heard of the offer. But he said nothing, only he 
made himself long trousers of wild bull hair, and a 
sort of pilot coat also of hair, and he melted pitch 
and dipped the hair suit in it, and when the pitch 
was dry, he put on this curious suit, and everyone 
laughed and called him Hairy-breek. 

Now, Ragnar was the son of a king, and he asked 
■ 255 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

his father to give him a ship and some companions. 
The king agreed, and when Ragnar set sail, he 
steered in the direction of Gothland, which is an 
island in the Baltic. 

One evening he arrived at Gothland, and ran his 
vessel into a little creek. Without saying anything 
to anyone, he took his spear, and put on his pitched 
hairy clothes, and walked in the direction of the 
mansion of Thora, the earl's daughter. 

Before he came out of the wood, he sat down on 
a stone and knocked out the nail that fastened the 
head of his spear to the shaft. Then he went on, 
and presently he saw the serpent lying coiled round 
the house of the earl's daughter. 

It smelt something strange, — it was the pitch of 
Ragnar's garments, — and lifted its hideous head. 

Ragnar was not afraid. He came on, and flung 
his spear so that it drove right through the head of 
the creature and pinned it to the wall. The serpent, 
in dying, squirted forth a torrent of venom, which 
fell on Ragnar, but did him no harm, because he 
was protected by his tarry suit. Then he laid hold 
of the shaft of his spear, and left the head of it 
nailing the dead monster to the wall. 

The earl was glad next morning, when he saw 
that the serpent was dead, and he asked of everyone 
who had done the great deed. 

No one knew. One of his servants told him that 
a strange ship was anchored in a bay of the island, 
and he at once gave command that all on board 
should be brought to him, each with his spear. 

Now, when they were brought, as he ordered, not 
256 



The Story ot King Edmund 

one of the company would say he had killed the 
monster. So the earl made them produce their 
spears, and lo ! all had the heads on except that of 
Ragnar, and Ragnar's shaft exactly fitted the head 
that had pierced the throat and backbone of the 
great serpent. 

Then there was a grand feast and a merry wedding, 
and Ragnar Hairybreeks lived very happily with his 
wife, and by her had two sons, called Hingvar and 
Hubba, and he was declared heir to the earl, and he 
reigned after him in Gothland, and, after his own 
father's death, in Denmark as well. 

Now it happened one day that he took his hawk 
and went out unattended in a little boat to catch 
seafowl around the coast. 

Whilst thus engaged, he was surprised by a storm, 
which carried him out to sea and tossed him about 
for several days and nights, and he was constrained 
to bale his boat continually to keep it from sinking. 

At last, one morning, he was driven ashore on a 
flat coast that he did not know, and he was so cold 
and stiff and exhausted with baling and with hunger, 
that he could hardly move. 

The people of the country came down to the 
beach and found him in the boat, and the hawk 
still on his hand ; so they took him, treated him 
kindly, gave him to eat, and then presented him to 
their king. Now the place where Ragnar had been 
cast up by the sea was Redham, in Norfolk, and the 
king of the country was called Edmund. 

King Edmund received Ragnar very well, and 
invited him to stay at his court, and, inasmuch as 
17 257 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

the Danish language was very like the Saxon tongue, 
Ragnar began to tell how he had been driven by the 
storm, and also who he was, and King Edmund 
understood his tale. 

Ragnar was very happy hunting in the Suffolk 
and Norfolk forests, and his hawk was so helpful 
that he gained far more success than did Biorn, the 
royal forester. King Edmund made a great deal of 
his distinguished guest, and both laughed very 
much at the failures of Biorn where Ragnar was 
successful. 

This made the forester very jealous and angry, 
and he resolved to kill Ragnar. This, however, was 
not a very easy thing to do, for Ragnar always wore 
his suit of hair dipped in pitch, and no weapon would 
bite in it. Indeed, so hard was this suit, that he 
would stand up and allow King Edmund and his 
men to aim at him with their arrows, and they could 
not hurt him, because their arrows glanced off from 
the pitch, or were caught among the shaggy masses 
glued together with the black, hard substance. 

Biorn the forester knew he could not kill Lodbrog, 
unless he pretended to be great friends with him, 
and he took him wherever there was plenty of 
waterfowl, and rode with him wherever there were 
deer to be hunted. By this means Ragnar lost all 
the slight apprehension towards the man which had 
been inspired by Biorn at the first. 

Now Biorn employed himself in digging a very 
deep pit in the forest, and when it was finished, he 
put into it a great many venomous serpents. Then 
he covered the pit over with branches and earth and 

258 



The Story ot King Edmund 

sods of grass, and soon no one but himself could tell 
that it was a pitfall. 

When this had been done, he went to Ragnar and 
said, " Sir, there is a white hart with a gold collar 
browsing in the wood. Shall we go and hunt it ? " 

Lodbrog jumped up in delight. 

Then Biorn said, " We must run very swiftly, so 
lay aside your pitchy coat." 

" No," answered Ragnar. " I can run in my hairy 
breeks as fast as you in yours of linen." 

Then they set off together, and were alone, for 
Biorn had said, " We will tell no one, and so have 
none to share our success in bringing in the white 
hart with the golden collar." 

Then the treacherous forester led him to the depth 
of the greenwood, and when Ragnar's feet came on 
the covering of the pitfall, he fell in, and fell among 
a writhing mass of snakes, that at once endeavoured 
to fasten on him, but could not bite him because of 
his pitchy garment. 

Then Lodbrog cried out to Biorn to put down his 
hand and to help him out. Biorn did kneel at the 
edge of the pit and put down his arm ; but when 
Lodbrog laid hold of his hand, the forester said, 
" You are too heavy, burdened with your hair and 
pitch jacket. I cannot raise you." 

So Lodbrog took off his jacket and handed it up 
to Biorn ; and then the forester put down his arm 
again. 

Again he said, " You are too heavy. I cannot 
lift you. Take off your hairy breeks." 

" If I do that, the serpents will poison me," 
259 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

answered Ragnar. " Stay a while till I have killed 
the vermin." 

Then he stamped on the heads of the adders and 
scorpions and other noxious creatures, till he had 
killed them all. 

" Now," said he, " I have no cause to fear." And he 
pulled off his hairy breeks and handed them up to Biorn. 

When the forester saw that Ragnar was thus 
deprived of his sure defence, he was rejoiced, and he 
ran to a place where he had collected a barrel full 
of writhing adders and other deadly reptiles, and he 
rolled the barrel to the edge of the pit, and poured 
the venomous creatures down into the deep place in 
which was Ragnar. 

The serpents at once fastened on the bare flesh of 
the unhappy man, and he cried out in agony to the 
huntsman, but Biorn zvould not help him. Only 
Ragnar's dog ran whining round and round the 
mouth of the pit, and could not help him. 

Then, when Ragnar saw that he must die, he cast 
himself down and let the serpents bite him, and he 
sang a great song, called the " Crow Song," — which 
is one of the most ancient poems that exists in 
northern lands. In this song Ragnar told the story 
of his life and battles. It begins thus : — 

We hew^d with our hangers. 

'Twas when the days were young-. 
And in Gothland we were gangers, 

Where the deadly dragon stung. 
Oh, and there the serpent cruel 

I slew, whom I'd defied ; 
And Thora, by that duel, 

I won to be my bride. 
260 



The Story of King Edmund 

This " Crow Song " consists of twenty-nine verses, 
and the rest are about his battles, of which you have 
not been told. 

When the wicked forester saw that Lodbrog was 
dead, then he returned home ; he sounded his horn 
and his own dogs followed him, but the grey wolf- 
hound that had been with Lodbrog, and which King 
Edmund had given to his visitor, that would not 
leave the pit's mouth. 

Next day, as King Edmund sat at table, he 
missed his friend and guest, and anxiously asked his 
servants about him ; on which Biorn the hunts- 
man answered that Ragnar had tarried behind in a 
wood, and he had seen no more of him. 

But as he was speaking, Lodbrog's dog came into 
the hall and began to wag his tail and fawn on all, 
and especially on the king ; who, on seeing him, 
said to his attendants, " This is Lodbrog's dog, 
vvhich I gave him. His master cannot be far 
behind." 

He then began to feed the dog, hoping soon to 
see his master. 

But he was disappointed, for when the wolf-hound 
had satisfied his appetite, he returned to keep his 
accustomed watch over his master's body. 

After three days, the poor beast was compelled 
by hunger to return to the king's table, and Edmund, 
greatly wondering, gave orders to follow the dog 
when he left the hall, and watch whither he went. 

The king's servants fulfilled his commands, and 
followed the hound, till he led them to the mouth 
of the pit in which lay Ragnar Lodbrog, stung to 

261 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

death by vipers and other venomous beasts. King 
Edmund then caused diligent inquisition to be made 
touching the death of Lodbrog ; and Biorn the 
huntsman was convicted of the crime, and by order 
of the king, the captains, and wise men, sentence was 
passed on him. 

The judges agreed that the forester should be put 
in the same boat in which Lodbrog had come to 
England, and should be exposed on the sea without 
oar or sail. 

Then the body of Ragnar was taken up out of 
the pit, and a great mound was made over him ; 
and it is said that when William the Conqueror 
came to England, he broke into this mound, and 
found the body of the mighty Danish chief and 
king's son. 

Now let us follow the murderer Biorn and see 
what became of him. 

A wind sprang up from the west and blew him 
out to sea, and swept him on for many days, till it 
cast him upon the Danish coast. 

Now, when he found where he was, that he had 
come to the land ruled over by Ragnar's sons, then 
he was very frightened, and in the subtlety of his 
heart devised means how he might escape hurt him- 
self, and turn evil against those who had been his 
judges. 

And now you must learn that Ragnar's wife 
Thora had died very soon after she had given him 
two sons, and that Ragnar had married a second 
wife, who had given him more sons. You must 
hear the story of this second wife, whilst Biorn is on 

262 



The Story of King Edmund 

his way to the court of Ragnar's sons, devising 
mischief in his heart. 

After Lodbrog had lost his wife Thora, whom 
he had deHvered from the serpent, he was very 
down-hearted, and he sailed about the seas seeking 
adventures. 

One evening his ship put into a little narrow 
creek or firth in Norway, and, as there was no bread 
on board, he bade his men go up on land and find 
some farmhouse where they might get loaves. 

So the men walked some way ; at length they saw 
a light, and, on nearing it, they beheld a little cottage, 
and they entered and found an old woman. 

They asked her to knead dough for them. But 
she said, " I am old, and my arms are stiff. My 
daughter is feeding the sheep ; she will be home 
soon, and she will serve you." 

Presently the girl, her daughter, came in, and the 
men were amazed when they saw her. She was 
upright as a pine, and her hair was as shining gold, 
and her face like roses and snow. They thought 
they had never seen any maid so fair, and they said 
to the old woman, " Is this your daughter ? " 

She answered, " Who else should she be ? her 
name is Crow." 

" A strange crow indeed, with shining golden 
feathers ! " said the men. " And that she should 
be your daughter is passing strange." 

" Why should it be passing strange ? " asked the 
old woman. 

Now she had dark skin and black hair, and the 
men thought that the name of Crow applied to her, 

263 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

and not at all to her daughter. But they did not 
wish to be so rude as to say this right out in so 
many words, but they answered, " This is the first 
time we see a golden oriol hatched out of an old 
crow's egg in an old crow's nest." 

Then the girl set to work to knead the dough, 
and as she kneaded she sang, and the men could 
not take their eyes off her, so beautiful was she, and 
her hair was so long that it flowed down to her 
heels, so, as she was kneading bread, she took and 
lashed it like a golden girdle round her waist. 

And when the bread was kneaded, then the men 
baked it at the hearth, and next day returned with 
it to the ship. 

Then Ragnar Lodbrog heard them talking of the 
beautiful girl, and he became impatient when they 
said they had never seen anyone so lovely, and he 
exclaimed, " Is she as fair as was Thora ? " 

" Indeed," answered his men, " she is far fairer." 

Then Ragnar wrathfully said, " Go fetch me 
this fairest maid to-morrow, and if she be not so 
fair as Thora, then I will drive you out of my 
company." 

Presently he heard the men say how clever this 
strange girl was, and he cried out, " Clever ? she 
cannot be more so than was Thora." 

" Indeed," answered his men, " she seemed to us 
to be a hundredfold more clever." 

" Go," exclaimed Ragnar, " bring her to me to- 
morrow, and unless she prove to be far cleverer than 
was Thora, I will hang you to the yard-arm." 

Now, on the following day there was a great 
264 



The Story of King Edmund 

storm, and the men could not get to the cottage — 
they were driven back. So they told the king. 

He bethought himself, and he said, " I will put 
this Crow to the proof. If she be clever as you 
say, let her come to me clothed yet bare, fed yet not 
fed, attended yet alone." 

So the next day the men went again, and this 
time the weather was not stormy, and they reached 
the cottage and gave their message. 

Then Crow said, " Go back to the king your 
master and tell him I will come, as he said, to- 
morrow." 

Now, when the men returned to the ships, 
Ragnar raised his hand and said, "If that Crow be 
fair as you say, and come to me clothed yet bare, 
fed yet not fed, attended yet alone, then I swear 
before you all, I will make her my wife." For he 
thought it was not possible. Then he added, "If 
she be not what you say, I will hang you all up to 
my yard-arm and sail away with you strung there." 

Next morning Crow arose, and drew round her a 
fishing net of silk, and combed out her hair till it 
covered her from head to foot ; then she took a leek 
and walked, chewing it as she went ; and called her 
dog and bade it run between her feet. And so she 
went to the sea-coast, and the king and his men 
stood on deck and saw how she came : she was bare 
and yet clothed with the fishing net and her rain of 
golden hair about her ; she was eating a leek and 
yet, as there was nought in it, she was not full ; she 
was alone, not even her old mother with her, and 
yet attended by her dog. 

265 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Then Ragnar Lodbrog ordered Queen Thora's 
silk and golden garments to be brought out, that 
Crow should be arrayed in them. And when she 
was so arrayed, he could not deny that she was as 
the sun, and Thora had been in comparison but as 
the moon. 

There was now no talking of hanging the men, 
but only of his marriage. Yet Crow would not 
agree till Ragnar had been away on a voyage of 
two years. And if he returned in two years' time, 
in the same mind, to marry a poor hag's daughter, 
then she would consent. 

So King Ragnar sailed away, and all the two years 
he was absent could think only of the golden Crow. 

At the end of the time he came back to the same 
firth, and sent for the fair maid. 

Then she came to him and said, " As you desire 
me to be your wife, I will tell you who I am. I 
am the daughter of King Sigurd, and he was basely 
murdered, and my mother died ; so I have been in 
hiding from his enemies in the house of my old 
nurse. If you are a king's son, I am a king's 
daughter. My real name is not Crow, but Aslauga." 

Then a grand marriage was held, and Aslauga 
became the mother of five sons. So Ragnar was 
the father, in all, of seven. 

Now I will return to Biorn on his way to the 
palace of Ragnar's sons. By the time he reached it, 
he had made up a story which he would tell. 

So he entered the great hall where the sons were, 
and he went up to the high seat on which sat 
Hingvar, and saluted him. 

266 



The Story of King Edmund 

Hingvar asked him his name, and who he was. 

Now there were in the hall at the time only four 
of the sons of Ragnar. There was Hingvar in the 
high seat. Another was called Hubba, and he was 
scraping a spear-shaft, standing on the hall floor. 
Another was called Sigurd Worm-in-the-eye ; he 
was cutting his nails and playing draughts with his 
brother Whitesark. 

Hingvar asked Biorn whence he came, and what 
his errand was. Then the treacherous wretch said 
that he came from England and from King Edmund. 
He had been a great friend of Ragnar and had at- 
tended him ever since he was cast up upon the 
Norfolk shore. He went on to say that Edmund 
had foully murdered Ragnar, and he had done this 
by casting him into a pit that was full of vipers 
which had stung Lodbrog to death ; and he added 
that he had done this by the advice of Ella, King oi 
Northumberland, for these two kings had agreed 
together with a great fleet to sail to Denmark and 
subjugate it to themselves. Then the false forester 
opened a bundle and showed the pitch and hair 
dress of Ragnar, in proof of the truth of his 
story. 

It is told that whilst Biorn related the death oi 
their father, the four sons remained still, listening. 
Hingvar turned first red as blood and then white as 
snow, and his face was puffed with the rage that 
boiled in his heart. Hubba gripped the spear-staff 
so hard that every finger sank into the wood and 
left its impression on it. Whitesark clenched the 
draught-board so tightly that the blood flowed from 

267 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

under his nails ; and Sigurd cut into his finger to the 
bone without noticing what he had done. 

There was silence in the hall for some minutes, 
and then the brothers solemnly promised to avenge 
their father. 

So they hasted and gathered together a great 
fleet, and sailed for England. They landed in 
Northumberland and ravaged it, and then marched 
south till they came to the territories of King 
Edmund. 

Now the king had a palace at Hoxne, and he 
gathered a great army, and a furious battle was 
fought, in which the English were defeated, and 
King Edmund fled. As he was pursued, he hid 
himself under a bridge, and his pursuers galloped 
over it, thinking he was ahead, but one of them, 
happening to look into the water, saw there some- 
thing shining, and he drew rein to look more closely. 
It was like two flames in the water. He descended 
the bank, and there saw the king in hiding. The 
sun, shining on his gold spurs, had cast the luminous 
reflection in the water, and this had attracted the 
attention of the Dane. 

Edmund was dragged forth and taken to a great 
oak tree, tied to it, and the Danes shot at him with 
their arrows, till they were tired of the sport, and 
then they cut off his head and flung it into the 
thicket. 

When they thought it might be done safely, some 
of his servants who had been in concealment came 
forth and searched for the body. This they soon 
found ; and in the coppice was the king's head, with 

268 



I 



The Story of King Edmund 

the golden crown still surrounding the brows, and it 
was guarded by the grey wolf-hound that had been 
given by Edmund to Ragnar, and which, ever since 
his master's death, had run wild in the forest. 

Now the tidings of the king's head being defended 
by the beast was talked about ; and indeed the dog 
would not leave the remains of the king, any more 
than he had those of Ragnar. 

Then Biorn, who was with the Danish host, thought 
he would like to see the head of his former master, 
and Hingvar and Hubba gave orders that the head 
should be brought into the hall. 

When this was done, the wolf-hound followed, but 
no sooner did he see the traitor, — the cause of the 
death of both his masters, — than the faithful beast 
flew at Biorn and fastened his teeth in his throat, 
and, struggle as he might, the forester could not 
throw him off. The hound cast him on the ground 
and stood over him, looking up in the faces of the 
Danish chiefs. 

Hingvar and Hubba thought that there must be 
some reason for the wrath of the dog against Biorn, 
so they called to them some of the captives, who 
had been servants to King Edmund, and asked if 
they knew him. 

They replied that he was a traitor and a murderer, 
and told how Edmund had received Ragnar Lodbrog, 
and treated him kindly, and how that the forester 
had murdered him, by casting him into a pit of 
vipers, and how that the king and his wise men had 
sentenced Biorn to be sent adrift at sea in an open 
boat. 

269 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

When Hingvar and Hubba heard this, they were 
very sorry that they had been so deceived, and they 
ordered the wolf-dog to leave the prostrate man. 

Then the hound obeyed, and Biorn was fast bound. 
The brothers commanded him to show them the pit 
in which their father had perished, and this he did. 
Then they ordered it to be filled with poisonous 
reptiles, and the wicked forester to be cast in, that he 
might die in the same manner as he had contrived 
the death of their father. 

After that, they made for King Edmund a splendid 
funeral, and he was buried at a place then called 
Bodricksworth, but ever since that time it has been 
known as Bury Saint Edmunds. 

Note. — We have two versions of the story of the sons of Ragnar 
Lodbrog- coming- to England ; one is that in the Icelandic Saga of 
Ragnar and his sons, and the other is that told by Roger of 
Wendover in his Flowers of History,^ \\v\iien about 1200. No 
doubt he took the story of Lodbrog and King Edmund from a 
ballad. 

The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle says, under date 870: "This 
year the army (of the Danes) rode across Mercia, into East 
Anglia, and took up their winter quarters at Thetford. And the 
same winter King Edmund fought against them, and the Danes 
got the victory, and slew the king and subdued the land, and 
destroyed all the minsters which they came to. The names of 
their chiefs who slew the king were Ingvar and Hubba." 

The most genuine account of King Edmund, next, of course, to 
this scanty mention in the Chronicle, is a life written by Abbo ot 
Fleury, by command of St. Dunstan, in 980. 

The Norse version of the story and the English version are 
very different, and I have ventured to combine both, and attempt 
some sort of reconciliation between the two. 



270 



XIV 

DESIDERATUS 



On a time it was that there lived in Scotland a noble 
vavasor and his wife, whom he loved full well, and 
she was good and wise. 

There was but one thing made them sad, which 
was that they had no child. 

Now one day the lady said to the vavasor, 
" Sweet friend, I have heard that far away in the 
south is the tomb of the holy hermit Giles, and it 
lieth in fair Provence. It has been related to me 
how that many have made petition where his bones 
lie, and have had their petitions heard and answered. 
It seemeth well to me, if it pleaseth thee, that we 
should make journey to St. Giles, and seek if there 
the desire of our hearts may be attained." 

Then answered her the vavasor, " x'\s thou desirest, 
sweetheart, so shall it be ; and I vow unto St. Giles 
a figure all of pure silver, if he hears our request." 
So they made their carriage and went, and prayed 
right humbly, that if it pleased God, He would give 
i8 273 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

to them a child, and that the hermit Giles might 
forward their petition. 

And when they returned to Calder in Scotland 
where they dwelled, it was even so, that a child was 
given to them, a son ; and they called his name 
Desideratus, that is to say, " the Desired One." 

The child was very comely and blithe, and all 
thought that they had never seen a lovelier and kindlier 
boy. He grew up at home till he reached man's 
estate, and was the joy and pride of his father and 
mother. 

Now, when he was of age to go forth and see men 
and learn courtesy, then did his father send him to 
the court of the Scottish king. 

The king held him right dear, and dubbed him 
knight, and after he had been a while at court, and 
had won the favour of all there through his gracious 
manners and his well-favoured face, then he bethought 
himself of wending farther, and he departed thence, 
and visited Normandy and Brittany, where he rode 
in many a tournament and unhorsed many a proved 
knight. 

And it was so, in France likewise, that all looked 
with pleasure on Desideratus and loved him, for he 
was courteous to high and to low, and debonair, and 
withal of a bright and beautiful countenance. 

Now, when ten years were over, then Desideratus 
greatly longed to return to his own land, and to see 
again his father and his mother, and to serve the 
Scottish king. 

So he mounted a ship, he with his horse, and 
committed himself to the winds and waves. But the 

274 



Desideratus 

winds were favourable, and the waves did but play 
and drift around the sides of the ship. The seabirds 
fluttered overhead and cried, and the sun glittered 
in the dancing wavelets. There was never a storm 
all the while that Desideratus was at sea, and at length 
the prow was turned in at the Firth of Forth and 
Desideratus and his horse came on shore, and he 
mounted and rode to fair Edinburgh and presented 
himself before the king, who was fain again to see 
him. But there was sad tidings for the young man, 
for his father was dead. Then the king committed 
to him in fee the land that his father had held, and 
he dismissed him, that he should go and see' and 
comfort his mother ; and when he departed it was 
the feast of Pentecost, and all the bells were ringing, 
and the sun was shining, and clerks were singing in 
every church. 

Then was it fair springtide, and as Desideratus 
rode along his way, he wondered to see how goodly 
the land was. Fair was Normandy, and fair Bretagne, 
but fairer far was bonnie Scotland. And as he rode 
along the king's highway, all were keeping holiday, 
and the maids were in their best kirtles, and their hair 
bound up with ribbons and flowers, and some did 
dance, and some did sing; but as Desideratus rode by, 
all ceased, and looked, and admired the goodly knight. 

Then thought Desideratus, Fair maids have I seen 
in Normandy, and nut-brown maids in Bretagne, but 
never such bonnie lassies as in Scotland. 

Now he rode along till he came into a forest, and 
the birds were singing, and the flowers blooming, 
and the bees were humming, as though all nature 

275 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

kept the coming of the Blessed Spirit whose is the 
breath of life. 

Now Desideratus wore silver armour, and over it a 
garment " white as flowers in April," and about his 
shoulders was a fresh green mantle. His spurs were 
of gold, but not more shining were they than his 
locks that flowed from under his bassinet. 

After long riding, then, Desideratus remembered 
that in this forest sojourned a holy hermit, who by 
his cell had a little chapel, the which he served in 
godly fashion. Ofttimes as a boy, when hunting 
with his father, had he been there, and there had 
received kind welcome and hospitality. Thither 
now he turned, but he could not light thereon ; only 
at set of sun he came to an opening in the forest 
where was a spring of pure water, and by this spring 
stood a fair maid with a garment of purple over her 
white shift ; she was barefooted in the grass now 
wet with the falling dew. In each hand she held a 
golden bowl, and she stooped to the fountain, 
and dipped, and filled the bowls with water. 

Then Desideratus alighted from off his horse, and 
he came to the fair maid, and he asked her whether she 
could guide him to the habitation of the holy hermit. 

She answered him that of hermit she knew none, 
but that her mistress lived hard by, and would render 
to him hospitality. 

Then she went before, and he followed, leading his 
destrier. They went along till they came to an elder- 
bush, and though the season for the elder to flower 
was not yet, nevertheless the bush was thick set with 
white bunches and with green leaves, and withal was 

276 



Desideratus 

such a tangle of little boughs, that Desideratus could 
not see through this flowery screen. But the fair 
maid parted the leaves and lifted a bough, and the 
knight stepped under, but was constrained to let his 
horse remain behind, letting go the bridle. 

Before him he saw a pleasant lawn, and a lady seated 
in a tent of cloth of silver, and she was as white in 
her apparel as the plume of a swan, and so lovely 
that Desideratus thought that verily he had seen 
none lovelier, wherever he had been. 

She signed to the damsel, who came forward 
carrying the golden bowls, and she inquired whom 
she had brought with her. The damsel answered 
and told the lady all she knew. 

Then the beautiful lady signed to Desideratus to 
draw nigh ; and when he was drawn nigh, she smiled 
and said, " Art thou content to be my lord, and I thy 
lady ? If so, then pledge me in this bowl of crystal 
water." 

Desideratus answered and said, " I am whatever 
thou wouldst have me to be." 

Then she stirred the water in one bowl with a 
little blue flower that she held, and she passed the 
vessel to him, and he drank. 

And forthwith, or ever he had sipped of the 
water, he forgot all that had passed. He remembered 
no more of his father and mother and his home, 
nor of the Scottish king. Nor thought he of his 
destrier whom he had left outside the screen of 
flowering elder; and thus there passed a twelvemonth 
and a day, and it was to Desideratus as a dream of 
the night. And there fell no leaves from the trees, 

277 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

nor did the grass wither, nor the flowers fade. There 
fell no rain nor snow, neither did stormy winds blow 
and shake the branches of the trees above their heads. 

Now it chanced that Desideratus felt his lips 
parched, and he stretched forth his hand to take the 
golden bowl and drink again of the pure water he 
had tasted. But, as it fell out, he reached the bowl 
of water the lady had not stirred. Forthwith, or ever 
he had drunk a draught, he remembered all the past, 
and was filled with wonder as to where he was. 
Then, all at once, he heard a bell ringing, and he felt 
a desire to kneel in God's house, and to pray, and 
hear sweet singing of psalms. 

Thereat Desideratus started up to go forth out of 
the tent, and he saw the beautiful lady standing 
before him. He said to her, " I hear a bell. I must 
to prayer. I must home to my mother and to 
my house, and see her, and then return to the king 
my master." 

Now, when the lady heard this, she was sad, and 
wept, and she drew a golden ring from her finger and 
put it upon his, and said, " It must needs be that thou 
depart. Speak to no one of what thou hast seen, and 
of me, and where thou hast tarried. Wear this ring, 
and think of me, and when thou desirest to return, 
then turn it about on thy finger. But if thou speak 
of me, then the ring will vanish away, and thou 
shalt see me no more till thou hast recovered it." 

He thanked her, and went forth and passed under 
the flowering elder, and he heard the bell tolling, 
and he went on, and then there neighed a horse, and 
there ran up to him his own destrier. 

278 



Desideratus 

Then he saw a hermit's cell, and ringing the bell 
was the old hermit with whom he had lodged, he and 
his father, the vavasor, in former days. Now the 
hermit was very aged, and of a reverend aspect, with 
hair and beard white as a snowdrift. 

The old religious man was surprised when he saw 
Desideratus, and left off ringing the bell, and he 
said," Where hast thou been, my son ? Thy horse 
came here on Pentecost last year. And now there 
is passed a year and a day that I have cared for 
him and stabled him, and only to-day dost thou 
appear." 

Then Desideratus was full of wonder, and he wist 
not with whom he had been, and whether it had been 
a work of enchantment. 

So he said to the hermit that he would tell him 
all, and take his counsel. And so he kneeled him 
down and made confession of what had come to 
pass. 

Then the hermit said, " I cannot tell thee who 
and what manner of woman that was with whom 
thou hast been. This is a wood full of enchantments. 
I know full well that Satan and his angels seek the 
destruction of men, and can change themselves into 
forms of angels of light. But it may be that thou 
hast been in the presence and company of the elves, 
which are creations of God, and wondrous fair, but 
have no human souls, and they live a while, and then 
their lives cease like the extinguishing of a lamp. 
And they can alone win an immortal soul by union 
with one of the children of Adam. Therefore do 
they seek them. But this I lay on thee — if thou see 

279 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

that fair lady again, then be to her as a stranger, 
unless she will come to thee to the church of God, 
and there thy union be consecrated and blessed by a 
priest." 

Now, when he had said this, then Desideratus 
stood up, and he looked on his hand, and lo ! the 
ring was vanished clean away. 

Thereat was Desideratus full of sorrow at heart. 
And he tarried all night, and next morning, at the 
breaking of the day, he kneeled in the chapel and 
heard the service of Almighty God sung by the 
hermit, and then forth he fared, and he rode till he 
reached Calder, and came to his home. 

But his mother was dead as well as his father, and 
he cared not to remain ; and, after some days, he 
departed, and rode through the forest of Caledon, and 
came again to Edinburgh to the king his master. 

And he served him four years. But he was not 
as he had been. He was ever sad, thinking of the 
fair lady in the forest, and wondering who she might 
be, and grieving sore that he had lost the ring. 

Now it fell out one [day, when he and the king 
were hunting a stag in the forest, that they beheld a 
white hart that had a circlet of gold about its neck, 
and they gave it chase, and presently they came 
upon it, and the hart was on the green herb beside a 
spring and a fair boy stood sheltering it under his 
arm, and he had a little bow, from which he could 
shoot straws, and he held this up and cried that he 
would slay those who pursued the hart, if they drew 
nearer and did a harm to the gentle beast. 

Then the king laughed, and he and Desideratus 
280 



Desideratus 

alighted and drew near to the boy ; and never had 
they seen so beautiful a child — his eyes were blue as 
forget-me-nots and his hair as spun gold. 

Then it happened that when they were nigh him 
Desiderius spied a gold ring that hung about the 
boy's neck, and he knew it again, and he cried and 
said, " My son, whose is that ring ? where didst thou 
get it ? " 

And the boy answered and said, " That is my 
father's ring and he is away, and none know where 
he may be. But even if we did know, my mother 
may not see him again, for forty knights keep guard 
about her day and night, with swords drawn to slay 
my father should he come." 

Then Desideratus took the child and kissed him, 
and wept sore and said, " Thou art my very son, 
and I will take the ring again, then haply I may 
find thy mother." 

So he took the ring and set it on his finger again. 
And lo ! the child and the white hart had vanished 
clean away. 

After this, Desideratus had no rest in his spirit for 
the thoughts of his elfin wife and half elfin child. 
He was so sad that the king grieved for him and 
said, " It is not well that it should be so. Go into 
the great forest of Caledon and see if thou canst 
not find her whom thou lovest." 

Then Desideratus was glad, and he rode from 
court and entered into the forest and disappeared 
under its green leaves and among its shadows. 

Now, as he entered, there had been haymakers 
without, tossing the sweet hay with their rakes ; and 

281 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

they looked at him and wondered, and said, " Of a 
certainty never have we seen a comelier knight, nor 
one of a more sorrowful countenance." 

It fell out that, after many hours' riding, Desideratus 
came to a glade in the wood where sprang up a 
crystal spring and formed a pool, and then flowed 
away in a small rill. Beside this spring was a 
dwarf, and he had in his hands two golden bowls, 
and these he essayed to fill with water at the pool. 
But, forasmuch as the dwarf was very small and the 
sides of the pool were steep, no sooner were the 
bowls filled than they overbalanced the dwarf, and 
he fell into the water. Speedily he scrambled out, 
never letting go his hold of the bowls. But, in his 
efforts to escape out of the pool, he spilt all the 
water out of his bowls. Then, again, he kneeled 
and dipped, and again overbalanced himself and fell 
head foremost into the spring. 

Desideratus, seated on his horse, sat and watched 
the little dwarf, and sorrowed for his useless trouble. 
So he lighted off his steed, and went to the dwarf, 
and filled his bowls with water for him. 

The little dwarf was vastly pleased, and thanked 
him, and hoisted one bowl on one shoulder and one 
on the other to carry them. But they were thus 
too heavy for him to convey, and he stumbled and 
spilled all the water again. Whereupon he began to 
howl and cry. 

Then Desideratus filled the bowls again at the 
spring and bade the dwarf be of good cheer, he 
would carry them home for him. 

" I know not how that may be, fair sir," said the 
282 



Desideratus 

dwarf. " 1 was sent by my mistress, the princess of 
Elfland, and the door of her palace is guarded with 
warriors armed cap a pie who will never let thee pass. 
This only canst thou do. Take them to the door- 
step and set them down there, then I will call forth 
Blanchebelle, her waiting-maid, and she will help me 
carry them to my lady's chamber." 

Now Desideratus carried the golden bowls easily 
one in each hand, and he passed under an elder-bush 
and was at once in Elfland. He saw before him 
the palace of the king of the elves ; and he drew to 
the door. 

Then said the dwarf, " Fair sir, for thy service I 
thank thee. Set down the bowls here and I will have 
them conveyed to my lady." 

" None shall convey them but myself," said 
Desideratus. 

" That may not be," said the dwarf. 

Then Desideratus declared he would return and 
carry the bowls away with him unless the dwarf 
showed him the way to the chamber of his lady. 

Now, when the dwarf saw his determination, he 
considered and said, " Thou must ascend by a 
ladder to her window, and that thou must do carry- 
ing one of the bowls in thy hand. And when thou 
art nigh the top of the ladder, scratch with thy nail 
on the bowl and it will whine. Then the fair maid, 
Blanchebelle, will look forth, and when she sees thee, 
she will know what to do." 

Thereupon Desideratus was glad, and he went to 
the window, and there was a ladder set against it, 
and he ascended thereby, carrying the golden bowl. 

283 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

But when he was nigh the top, he scratched the bowl, 
and it began to whine and whimper. 

Then the fair Blanchebelle looked forth and said, 
" What aileth my pretty golden bowl ? " 

And straightway she saw Desideratus on the ladder 
below. Then she plucked a blue flower out ot 
her hair, and with it she stirred the water in the 
bowl and then withdrew the flower, and he saw her 
no more. 

Now it was so, that the fair princess of the elves 
was asleep within on a couch, and her little child 
was also asleep in her arms. But round about 
were forty knights of elfin race, louting on one knee, 
their faces turned outward, and all with swords drawn 
and pointed. 

Now Blanchebelle went with the blue flower 
dipped in the water of the well that was in the 
golden bowl Desideratus held aloft, and with it 
laughingly she touched the eyes of the kneeling 
knights. 

Forthwith they all fell asleep. 

Then she returned to the window and took the 
bowl out of the hands of Desideratus and bade him 
enter. 

" Now," said she, " I pray thee be speedy, for the 
knights sleep only for a moment." 

Thereat he leaped in, but, in so doing, his foot 
slipped and he fell on one of the swords, which 
wounded his side full sore. And with the noise of 
his fall, the knights waked and looked about them, 
and started to their feet. 

But Desideratus sprang to the side of the couch on 
284 



Desideratus 

which lay the sleeping lady, and from her arms he 
lifted the child and carried it away. 

" Fly ! or they will slay thee," said Blanchebelle, 
and she sprinkled more of the water over the 
knights, and again they closed their eyes and were 
still. 

Now Desideratus hasted down the ladder, carrying 
the child, and he fled, and went under the elder-bush, 
and came forth, and found his horse where he had 
bound it. Then he mounted, and, carrying the 
sleeping boy, whose face he kissed, he rode away. 

But the wound in his side bled, and he was weak, 
and he could but reach the hermit's cell, where he 
put the child into the ancient man's hands, and, so 
done, he fell off his horse in a swound on the green 
herbage. 

Now it must be told how that the ancient hermit 
nursed and cared for Desideratus, and he was speedily 
better, yet the wound would not heal. 

And the hermit said to him, " It has been 
revealed to me that the wound thou hast received is 
from an elfin sword, and that no balm of mortal 
men can cure it, only can it be closed and thy blood 
staunched by the touch of thy elfin wife's hand. 
For there runs a vein from that wound direct to the 
heart, and there is never a hand in Christendom and 
Elfdom that can heal it, save that of the princess thy 
wife. But how that may be, I know not." 

Then said to him Desideratus, " Take my child 
and give him holy baptism, and call him Tristam, 
for that I am sad at being parted from her I love 
better than my life." 

285 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

But the hermit said, " I will go with thee to 
court, and I will ask the king himself to stand 
sponsor to the boy." 

Then Desideratus mounted his horse, but slowly, 
slowly did he ride, for that his wound was sore, 
and as he went, ever and anon did the blood 
run out, and fell on the green grass and the 
leaves. 

As to the ancient hermit, he walked at his side 
and carried the child, that laughed and was merry 
and prattled. 

So they went on to fair Edinburgh. But as they 
came forth out of the wood, there was a wain, and 
it was full of hay, and the haymakers were about to 
carry the last load. Then, when they saw how 
white and wan and wounded was the comely knight, 
and how ancient and venerable was the hermit, 
and burdened with bearing of the boy, they cried 
out with one accord that Desideratus and the 
holy man and the child should ride on top of 
the hay. 

And it was so. 

Now, as this was the last load, all the wain was 
adorned with flowers and coloured ribbons, and in 
front was a pole with a wreath hung thereto. 

So the haymakers said, " Whither shall we take 
the wounded knight ? " 

And the ancient religious man said, " To Edin- 
burgh, to the king's high court." 

And it was so. 

Now, when the hay-cart drew up before the gates 
of the palace, folk laughed to see the beautiful little 

286 



Desideratus 

boy seated in the sweet hay, holding the pole with 
the wreath of wild roses and ribbons in front, Then 
they marvelled to behold the reverend man come 
down ; and they were moved with pity when the 
haymakers lifted the bleeding knight from the wain 
and bore him into the palace. But as for the child, 
he carried the staff with the wreath before them, and 
had no fear going up the stair to the hall where sat 
the king on his throne. 

Now, when the Scottish king saw what had taken 
place, and heard the report of the ancient hermit, then 
he was marvellously glad to see the pretty boy, and 
he promised that forthwith he would be his sponsor. 
But right grieved was he to see how sorely wounded 
was his favourite knight. 

He sent for all the healers and physicians, that 
they might heal the grievous wound, but they availed 
naught. And as Desideratus had spilled much of 
his blood, all greatly feared that he must shortly die. 

He said that he desired to see his son made into a 
Christian man, and all prepared to haste to the 
church, where the king would hold the child and give 
to it the name it was to bear. 

Now, just as they were preparing to go to the 
church, and the haymakers had lifted up the wounded 
knight to carry him thither, there came riding into 
the hall a lady so beautiful that all the place was 
filled with light as from sunshine. She rode on a 
cream-white palfrey with sky-blue trappings set with 
silver ; and behind her rode another maid, on a white 
ass, and they lighted down before the king and did 
him homage. 

287 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Then said the chief lady, " I am come, sire, to heal 
my husband. I have escaped out of Elfinland, and 
I never could have found him but by the blood track 
all the way on the grass and the green leaves and 
the flowers. Moreover, sir king, I never could 
have escaped out of Elfinland but by stepping on his 
blood. See how the soles of my feet are marked." 

She showed her feet, and there was blood on 
them. 

" I am the daughter of the elf king, and he has no 
other child but me ; and I must reign and rule after 
him in the realm of elves. Therefore he would 
retain me there, and have me take to my husband 
one of the elfin race. 

" But ever have I longed for a human soul and the 
life of immortality. Therefore, when Desideratus 
came into Elfinland, I took him to be my husband, 
and a son was born to me ; and my father drew an 
enchantment about me, that I should not go to 
Desideratus, nor he come to me. Nevertheless, 
through all dangers and opposition he thrust his way, 
and he carried off my son ; and yet I could not have 
won my way out had not my husband's blood broken 
the enchanted ring, and only upon human blood 
could I tread and go forth." 

Then the king was joyful, and he answered the 
lady fair, and said that he would stand sponsor to the 
child, and she should live ever in the court of Scot- 
land and be in great esteem. 

But she said, " Sire, that may not be. I must 
return to mine own land ; but suffer me first to kiss 
and to heal my husband." 

288 



Deslderatus 

Thereupon she went to where Desideratus lay, and 
she kissed his lips, and touched his side, and his 
blood staunched, and he rose, and was well once 
more. 

He said, " And now, of a surety, we must be 
Christianly married, as the hermit bade of old." 

And she said, " It shall be so, only consider thou. 
As it is, I must return to Elfinland, and I may 
return alone ; but if I go alone, then the king my 
father will marry me to an elfin lord, and I shall 
never come forth again, but sorrow will consume me, 
and I shall die of sheer grief But and if thou and 
I be Christianly married, and blessed and sained by 
a priest, then the king my father, and no power in 
earth or hell, can ever part us. Only this must follow 
— that thou come with me and reign in Elfinland, 
and return to the world of men no more. Make 
thine election which it shall be." 

Then Desideratus took her hand and led her to the 
altar, and bade a priest bless them. And after that 
the child was baptised. 

Now there was feasting and merriment that night. 
But in the middle of the banquet there came into 
the hall the white palfrey, and the cream-coloured ass, 
and the destrier of the knight Desideratus, and no 
man led them, and they stayed in the hall. 

Then the lady rose up and said, " We must 
depart. That is the token." 

Then she mounted her palfrey, and took the little 

Christian child in her arms, and the fair maid 

Blanchebelle mounted on the ass, and Desideratus 

bestrode his horse, and forth they rode out of the 

19 289 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

hall and into the night. The stars were shining, and 
men looked and saw how they rode towards the 
wood of Caledon. 

And thenceforth was Desideratus seen no more. 

Note. — The " Lai del Desire," on which the story of Desideratus 
is based is found in one MS. only, and belonged to Sir Thomas 
Phillips, Bart, of Middlehall. It is in old Norman-French, and is 
attributable to the twelfth century. It was first printed by Francisquc 
Michel in 1836. London, Pickering. It is one of the many Norman- 
French lays based on Celtic tradition and myth, that delighted the 
kings and nobles of the court of the Plantagenets. This story 
has a clear family relation to that of Thomas of Ercildoun ; only in 
the latter, Thomas escapes from Fairyland, and in this lai of 
Desideratus, the hero returns to it for ever. It is moreover the 
same as Marie's Lai of Lanval and as that of Gruelan in Le 
Grand d'Aussi. See Ritson's Metrical Roviances, i. 170. I have 
taken a few liberties with the tale. In the original the true elfin 
character of the lady is not plainly expressed, but rather implied. 
Moreover, no reason is given for her enigmatical conduct. 

As a sample of the language in which the lai is written, I give 
the opening lines — 

Entente i mettrai e ma cure 

A recunter un aventure, 

Dunt cil qui a icel tens resquirent 

Par remembrance un lai firent. 

Ca est li lais del Desire, 

K.i tant par fu de grant beute. 

En Escoce a une cuntred, 

Ki Calatir est apelike 

Encoste de la Blanche Lande (Albion), 

Juste la mer ki tant est grande. 

Although the lai comes to us only in Norman-French, yet it 
almost certainly has had a Brito-English origin, and is probably 
an English ballad that has been worked up into a Ini by a French 
trouvl're. Marie says that all her lais were taken from British 
orisfinals. 



290 



XV 

SIR GREY, SIR GRAHAM, AND 
SIR GREYSKIN 



Long ago, in the period when England was divided 
into seven kingdoms, before that Egbert had united 
them into one, there Hved in Cambridgeshire, as we 
now call it, a king called Ethelnoth, and he had an 
only daughter called Elgiva.^ Elgiva was the only 
child of the king, and her father was anxious that 
she should be well married. Elgiva, on the other 
hand, seemed to be quite unwilling to have a husband. 
The king sent for the noblest in the land, some of 
whose pedigrees went back even to i\dam and Eve ; 
but Elgiva said she did not desire as a husband a 
man the best part of whom, like a pig-nut, was under- 
ground. Then he sent for the handsomest men ; but 
Elgiva said that she had no desire to marry a pretty 
doll. Then he sent for the most learned men, but 
she said she would not marry a dryasdust ; and when 
he asked her to say whom she would take, she said 
that she would only accept as her husband the bravest 
man and strongest in fight who could be found. 

^ Or, as M. S. A. Freeman would call her, ^alfg-ifu. 
293 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

This accordingly was proclaimed through the 
length and breadth of England. The tidings reached 
even Scotland and Wales. Brave knights came from 
every quarter, and Elgiva made them fight before 
her and hack one another about. When one was 
dreadfully wounded and defeated, he was dismissed to 
his home and relations to be mended up again ; his 
chance was gone, and he might never more become a 
candidate for her hand. 

But Elgiva would not accept the last victor ; she 
pitted him against a new comer ; and she was so 
indifferent to her suitors that she knew them only by 
their numbers, and not by their names. For instance, 
if a white knight came and defeated a black knight, 
he counted as one. If a red knight defeated the 
white knight, he counted as two ; if he further 
overcame a yellow knight, he reckoned as three ; but 
if he were beaten, his conqueror was numbered four. 

This was rather cruel pastime, and it served to 
harden Elgiva's heart and make her indifferent to 
the sufferings of men ; indeed, all she cared for was 
the sport of making them fight. 

At last her father remonstrated very seriously with 
her, and said that he could endure this no longer. 
She must make a final decision and abide by it. 
The number of disabled and defeated knights now 
amounted to three hundred and thirty-eight. She 
said she must make up a round number before she 
gave her hand. 

At this juncture there rode into Cambridge two 
knights. One was of the north country, and his name 
was Sir Grey ; and the other was a Scottish knight 

294 



Sir Grey, Sir Graham, and Sir Greyskin 

called Sir Graham. They were fast friends, and as 
attached as brothers ; indeed, they had entered into 
fellowship together to fight each other's battles, and 
never to come to blows between them. 

The two knights were graciously received at the 
court of Cambridge, or rather Grantchester, which was 
the site of the royal hall and palace, and which was 
the capital, till the university drew away the population 
about it, and Grantchester dwindled to a village, whilst 
Cambridge from a village sprang up to be a town. 

There was, however, at Cambridge some rising 
ground, on which was a castle, that is to say, earth- 
works enclosing a space roughly square, with a great 
mound at one end, and this castle went by the name 
of Wandlebury. No one who lived in the village or 
hamlet of Cambridge ventured near it at night, for 
the castle was haunted. It was said that a ghostly 
rider issued from the mound and was prepared to 
fight anyone who dared encounter him. Indeed, if 
a man at night came within the precinct of the 
castle and cried aloud, " One knight challenges 
another knight ! " immediately the mound gaped, and 
out rode the phantom on an ash-grey horse, clad 
in armour that rattled as though he w'Ro was within 
were only bones. And he cried in a hollow voice 
in reply, " I, Sir Greyskin, accept the challenge." 
Whether there were truth in this story or no, not 
one person in Cambridge could say, for the very good 
reason that no one had been found hardy enough to 
attempt the adventure and challenge Sir Greyskin. 
The spectral warrior was a subject of much discus- 
sion and considerable doubt. 

295 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

When the two knights arrived at Grantchester, 
they found that a valiant man was in possession of 
the field, who was known as Number One hundred 
and thirty-eight, and they were at once summoned 
to do battle with Number One hundred and thirty- 
eight ; that is to say, the princess required Sir Grey 
to joust with him, and whoever was victor to do the 
same with the Scottish knight Sir Graham. 

Then this latter said to Princess Elgiva, " Should 
my dear comrade fall before the spear of his antago- 
nist, I shall most certainly, rush to revenge him on 
Number One hundred and thirty-eight." 

" If that your friend fall, then Number One hun- 
dred and thirty-eight will become Number One 
hundred and thirty-nine, and should you defeat him, 
you will be the happy man. Number One hundred 
and forty, and be my husband, and inherit the realm." 

" But I sincerely hope that Sir Grey will be 
successful against him who now holds the field," said 
Sir Graham. 

"If that should happen, you will have to break 
a lance against your comrade," 

" I cannot do that. Nothing would induce me to 
do such a thii^g." 

" Not the prospect of winning me ? " asked Elgiva. 

" Not even that," replied the knight. 

" Then I hope you will both of you be knocked 
head over heels by my champion now in the jousting 
yard," said the princess angrily. 

The combat was to take place on the morrow. 

When Sir Grey and Sir Graham retired for the 
night, the former informed his friend that he was 

296 



Sir Grey, Sir Graham, and Sir Greyskin 

consumed with an ardent passion for the beautiful 
Elgiva. He had, he said, never seen anyone whom 
he had so much admired, and he concluded, after 
abundant sighs, with saying that life would not be 
worth living unless he won her hand. 

Next morning, so greatly was Sir Grey moved by 
his passion, that he easily unhorsed his adversary, 
and became Number One hundred and thirty-nine. 
He was now sanguine of winning the lady, but with 
a stern voice she said, " I shall never accept any- 
one who is an odd number. Smite your companion, 
throw him in the dust, and I will accept your suit." 

To this, notwithstanding his passion. Sir Grey 
would not consent. Accordingly, after some con- 
sideration, Elgiva said, " Then here is the adventure 
I set you. The full moon rises to-night. Ride to 
Wandlebury, and challenge the spectral guardian of 
the castle and dweller in the mound. You must 
ride alone — no one must accompany you." 

Sir Grey eagerly accepted the task. Sir Graham 
vainly endeavoured to dissuade him from it. He 
represented to him that a lady who was ready to 
sacrifice so many suitors was hardly one who ought 
to inspire love, and that the possession of her hand 
and inheritance could not compensate the risk of 
so uncertain an adventure. 

But Sir Grey would listen to no advice. Next 
evening he rode to Cambridge, traversed the marshes, 
and ascended Wandlebury just as the moon began to 
rise. He could see the jack o' lanterns dancing in 
the morasses by the river Cam. No one was with 
him. No one was in sight. 

297 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

He saw before him high mounds, and an opening 
in the embankment, through which he penetrated. 
Then in a loud voice he called, " One knight 
challenges another knight." 

He had hardly uttered the words before the great 
how or mound gaped, and forth issued a harnessed 
figure riding on a grey steed, that seemed to have no 
flesh on it, but to be a skeleton clothed in skin. 
Altogether the beast was sorry, and not less sorry 
seemed the rider, in rattling, rusty, broken armour 
that hardly held together. 

This strange rider answered, " I, Sir Greyskin, 
accept the challenge." 

Then both knights set their spears in rest and 
charged at each other. In a moment Sir Grey's 
steed reared, and the lance of the spectral knight 
touched him on the breast and cast him on the field. 
He fell with such violence that he lost consciousness, 
and lay for some time as one dead. 

When he came to his senses again, he rose to his 
knees and then to his feet, feeling much bruised and 
in great pain, especially in his right hand. His horse 
had galloped away in terror, and was nowhere to be 
seen. 

Sir Grey with difficulty walked out of the ancient 
camp, and descended the hill, threaded his way 
through the marshes, and sank exhausted at a door 
of a house in Cambridge. 

Those within, hearing the rattle of arms and a groan, 
hastened to open, and discovered the knight prostrate 
on the threshold. They took him up, removed his 
armour, and found his right gauntlet full of blood. 

298 



Sir Grey, Sir Graham, and Sir Greyskin 

The forefinger of his right hand had been cut off. 
The house into which Sir Grey was taken was that 
of a very beautiful, noble, and gracious lady, named 
Margaret. 

He was treated with the utmost kindness, but 
nothing could overcome his sadness of spirit, at the 
thought that he had been defeated by the spectre 
knight, and had lost his finger, and that a finger 
which disabled him from handling well his sword 
and lance. 

After he had spent several days in the house of 
the Lady Margaret, he departed, and returned to 
Grantchester, where he found his friend, Sir Graham, 
in great anxiety about him. He arrived in most dis- 
consolate mood. 

A truncheon of his spear he bore 
To lean hun on ; he had no more. 
On his bedside he sat him down, 
He groaned sore, and fell in swoun. 

Sir Graham had great difficulty in restoring his spirits 
sufficiently to draw from him the narrative of his 
discomfiture. Then Sir Graham strove to console 
him. But Sir Grey answered, " Talk not to me 
of comfort, since the fair Elgiva is lost to me for 
ever. I am vanquished and disgraced ; vanquished 
in equal combat with a single knight. I am not 
even Number One hundred and thirty-eight — I am 
nothing, and that spectral being rising on my ruins 
is Number One hundred and thirty-nine." 

Sir Graham thought it useless to argue any further 
with him. He considered hov/ he might best restore 
happiness to his friend. 

299 



The Old EngJish Fairy Tales 

" You are," said he, " the victim of your rashness. 
We cannot conceal from the princess your return or 
your misfortune, but I assure you that I will hasten to 
Wandlebury and avenge you. If I am successful, I 
shall endeavour to make the lady accept you in place 
of myself; for, to tell you the truth, so far from her 
inspiring me with affection, I am entirely indifferent 
to her charms." 

Accordingly, Sir Graham armed himself, mounted 
his horse, and at nightfall rode through the marshes, 
among the dancing jack o' lanterns, and, reaching the 
hill that was crowned with the ancient camp, ascended 
it, and, passing through the gap in the entrenchment, 
called aloud, " One knight challenges another knight." 
Immediately the mound gaped, and out rode the 
phantom on an ash-grey horse, clad in armour that 
rattled as though he who was within were only bones. 
And he cried in a hollow voice in reply, " I, Sir 
Greyskin, accept the challenge." 

Then both knights set their lances in rest, struck 
spurs into their steeds, and rushed on each 
other. 

It befell Sir Graham no better than it had Sir Grey. 
As the spectre knight approached, Sir Graham's horse 
swerved, and the spear of Sir Greyskin struck the 
rider on the side and bore him out of his saddle, and 
flung him on the ground, where he fell senseless. 
Then the frightened horse galloped away. 

It was long before consciousness returned. When 
Sir Graham felt a little recovered, he rose, aching in 
all his limbs, and feeling great pain in his right hand. 
He left the camp, descended the hill, and, wandering 

300 



Sir Grey, Sir Graham, and Sir Greyskin 

through the marshes, happened to come to the same 
gate as that which had so hospitably opened to his 
brother in arms. Here he was received with the 
Hke kindness. He was bathed in warm water, and 
ointment was appHed to his bruises. When his right 
gauntlet was taken off, it was found to be full of blood, 
for he also had lost his forefinger. 

Sir Graham was much distressed at his discom- 
fiture, but by no means as despondent as had been 
Sir Grey. The consequence was that he recovered 
much more rapidly, and that he had eyes wherewith 
to see what a very sweet lady the fair Margaret was, 
and a heart to be sensible to gratitude, and even 
something warmer. Indeed, Sir Graham remained 
under the care of the Lady Margaret considerably 
longer than had Sir Grey — not that his wounds and 
bruises were more serious, but that he took pleasure 
in being there. As he prepared to leave, the lady 
brought forth a horn, filled with a medicated drink 
of a green colour, which was so potent that his pains 
immediately vanished. She had done the same to 
Sir Grey, but no sooner had that knight reached the 
palace where lived the princess he loved, than his 
wounds opened again, and all his pains instantly 
returned. This was not the case with Sir Graham, 
whose heart was untouched by Elgiva, and was, 
indeed, occupied by the Lady Margaret. 

Now, when Sir Graham had returned to Grant- 
chester, and had related his adventure and discomfi- 
ture, the princess laughed and said, " It seems to 
me that Sir Greyskin is now Number One hundred 
and-forty, and therefore my intended. I will send 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

him my ring." The princess had a little footpage. 
She held out to him a ring and said, " Run at 
nightfall to Wandlebury and see if Sir Greyskin will 
take it." 

The boy obeyed, and when he returned he said, 
" I came within the embankments, and the wind was 
whistling and the stars shining frostily overhead ; 
and I called and said, ' A fair lady sends a knight 
a ring.' Then I heard a hollow voice reply, ' A 
knight accepts it. Tell the fair lady I will come on 
my grey horse and fetch her away.' " 

When Elgiva heard this, she was frightened. She 
had sent this ring in a spirit of bravado, and now 
the spectre knight had taken her ring, and would 
claim her as his bride. 

It must now be told that Sir Grey, full of 
melancholy after his defeat and loss of a finger, 
had wandered about the country without finding 
rest for his troubled mind, or diversion of 
thought. 

One frosty day he had walked as far as a range 
of low chalk hills which are now called the Gog- 
magogs, and he had seated himself on the side. 
The weather being very cold, he resolved to make 
himself a fire, and as there were abundance of flints 
about, he took one to strike a spark from it, there- 
with to kindle a bundle of sticks and fern that he 
had collected in an old quarry. He said to himself 
as he struck the flint, " Hard is the heart of her 
I love, as the flinty stone." 

As he was warming himself at the fire, he saw 
drops of clear water falling into it. He looked up, 

302 



Sir Grey, Sir Graham, and Sir Greyskin 

and observed icicles hanging from the chalk-rock, 
and the heat of the fire was melting them. Then 
he said, " Cold as the icicle is the heart of her I 
love so well." Then he fell into sad musincf, and 
perceived near his feet in a sheltered spot, exposed 
to the sun, a dandelion flower. Not much con- 
sidering what he did, he plucked it, and a white, 
milky fluid flowed from the stem. When he put 
the stem to his mouth, he found the juice was 
exceeding bitter and unpalatable. Then he said, 
" Gall-bitter, I trow, as the drops that flow from the 
dandelion flower, is the heart of the lady in Grant- 
chester bower." 

When he considered what course he should pursue 
he could arrive at no decision. He knew that for his 
peace it would be better were he away, and yet he 
had not the courage to tear himself from the presence 
and society of the beautiful Elgiva. 

The story now returns to the princess. 

When she heard that the spectre knight from 
Wandlebury was coming to demand her, then she 
bade all her maidens sit up at night, and she 
lighted seven blessed candles, made of wax that 
had been brought from Palestine, and none dare 
speak above a whisper. Now they waited through 
the night till the moon rose, and, at the very moment 
that the moon began to mount and send a flood of 
silver over the frosty marshes and the slow-moving 
Cam, they all heard the sound of horse-hoofs, and a 
rattle as of armour and bones together. 

Elgiva and her maidens held their breath. Then 
they heard the horse-hoofs and rattle of bones and 

303 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

armour cease under the window, and next moment 
a hollow voice sang — 

"Oh, do you sleep or wake, fair may, 
And do you watch for me ? 
I bring- the ring" for the g^ay wedding- 
That we shall make presently." 

Then she answered — 

"Oh, you must say what is the church 
Where you with me will wed." 



He said- 



It is a green and ancient how 
That stands on pillars red." 



Then she cried out- 



I will not wed in a green, green how. 
For no saint's name doth it bear ; 

It hath no altar, it hath no pall. 
Nor psalm is ever sung there." 



But he sang — 



"Then we shall be married beside the road 
Beneath the gallows tree. 
For there a priest doth swing in chains 
To say Benedicite." 

She replied — 

" I will not be married beside the road. 
Nor under the gallows tree ; 
And I will have my merry bridesmaids. 
By one, by two, and by three." 

Then there was a light from behind the hall ; and 
304 



Sir Grey, Sir Graham, and Sir Greyskiri 

this was caused by one of the maidens whom Elgiva 
had sent privately to kindle a great heap of straw 
that lay there. 

When the phantom knight saw the bright glow, 
he thought that the sun was rising, and he cried 
out — 

" I must away, the dawn awakes, 
I smell the morning- air ; 
The sun doth rise and dazzle my eyes, 
And I have far to fare." 

Then they heard the clatter of his horse-hoofs 
and the rattle of his arms as he galloped away. 

Next night it was the same thing. Again the 
maidens assembled, and seven candles were lighted, 
and all waited, greatly afraid, for they expected Sir 
Greyskin to arrive. 

And, indeed, no sooner did the moon appear, than 
they heard the clatter along the road, and the sound 
of bones and armour shaking together. 

He halted under the window, and, as on the 
previous night, he called out — 

"Oh, do you sleep or w^ake, fair may? 
And do you watch for me ? 
I bring the ring- for the gay wedding 
That we shall make presently.' 

Then she answered — 

"Oh, where is spread the wedding feast? 
And what is on the board? 
Is't ale as fits a villain's cup, 
Or wine as fits a lord ? " 
20 305 



The Old English Fairy Tales 
He replied — 

"There's neither ale nor wine, my love, 
There be no cups at all. 
The cold, cold dew that trickleth down 
Into our mouths shall fall." 

She then asked — 

"And who shall be the guests to-night? 
And be they many or few? 
And who the minstrels that shall play? 
And be there link-boys too?" 

He replied — 

"The guests they are the moldiwarp, 
The cricket, and the snail. 
The death-watch it shall music make. 
Our lights — the glow-worm pale." 

At that moment, a sound, shrill and harsh, was 
heard from behind the hall. It was occasioned by- 
one of the maidens who had a very rasping voice. 
Elgiva had sent her previously to the back yard to 
crow like a cock. 

Then Sir Greyskin started and said — 

"I must away, the cock he crows, 
I smell the morning air ; 
The clarion shrill from o'er the hill 
Bids me afar to fare." 

Then they heard the clatter of the horse-hoofs 
and the rattle of his arms as he galloped away. 

Now, as It drew to the third evening, Elglva grew 
greatly alarmed. She could think of no other 

306 



Sir Grey, Sir Graham, and Sir Greyskin 

device for ridding herself of the undesired bridegroom. 
So she sent for Sir Grey, and told him of her distress, 
and how that the spectre knight was coming again, 
and would infallibly carry her off, unless she could 
devise some way of getting rid of him. He asked 
that he and Sir Graham might help to keep her 
company that night, and do what they could to 
protect her against Sir Greyskin. 

She gladly consented ; and now a large company 
was assembled, awaiting the arrival of the unwelcome 
ghostly visitor. 

No sooner did the moon appear, than the clatter 
of horse-hoofs was heard, and the rattle of old rusty 
armour and bones, and presently Sir Greyskin drew 
up beneath Elgiva's window, and sang as before — 

"Oh, do you sleep or wake, fair ma}? 
And do you watch for me ? 
I bring the ring for the gay wedding 
That we shall make presently." 

Then she asked — 

"Oh, what shall be my bridal dress 
Wherein I shall be sped?" 

He answered — 

"Oh, that shall be a winding sheet 
To wrap thee feet and head." 

Then she went to the window and said, " I pray 
you let me alone, and leave me." 

But he answered, " I will not let thee alone, nor 
leave thee." 

307 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Then she said, " I pray you, is there nothing you 
will take in place of me ? " 

And he said, " Nothing." 

Then she said, " I adjure you by the seven candles 
of blessed wax from Palestine, say, is there nothing 
you will take instead of me ? " 

Then he sang — 

"Go, fetch me light from a dungeon deep, 
Squeeze water from a stone, 
And milk me milk from a yellow cow 
That ne'er on feet did run," 

Now, when he sang this, then Sir Grey went to 
the window. He had a flint-stone in his pocket, 
and he thought that surely out of the depth of the 
flinty stone, as from a dungeon, he could bring up a 
light, so he drew his dagger. 

The spectre knight, seated on his grey horse 
below the window, looked up and said — 

"Go, fetch me light from a dungeon deep." 

Thereat Sir Grey struck the flint with his dagger, 
and a spark flashed forth and lit up the ashen, 
upturned face of the spectre. 

He uttered a howl of disappointment and rage, 
and threw something which fell on the floor at Sir 
Grey's feet, and it was his finger. 

Then the phantom knight cried shrilly — 

"Squeeze water from a stone!" 

Now, as Sir Grey was at the window, he had seen 
icicles hanging from the eaves, and he put forth his 
hand, took one, and, holding it in his palm, it 

308 



Sir Grey, Sir Graham, and Sir Greyskin 

dissolved, and the drops fell over Sir Greyskin. 
Indeed, he was melting or squeezing water out of 
what was hard as crystal stone. 

Thereat the spectre uttered a howl of disappointed 
rage, and threw something which fell on the floor — 
and it was Sir Graham's finger. 

Then the phantom knight cried — 

"Go, milk me milk from a yellow cow- 
That ne'er on feet did run." 

Now, Sir Grey considered, and remembered the 
dandelion which, when he had plucked, he had set 
in his cap. This he now took forth, and pressed 
the stalk so that the bitter milk ran out, and dropped 
into the eyes of the spectre below. 

When he felt the drops, and saw that his demands 
were answered, he uttered a yell of rage and flung 
something that fell on the floor and rolled to the 
feet of Elgiva, and it was her ring. 

Then said Sir Graham, " I remember how 
wonderful was the effect of the green elixir of the 
Lady Margaret. I dare be sworn, if she were to put 
on our fingers and anoint them with a salve, and 
give us to drink of the horn, we should be sound." 

So the Lady Margaret was fetched in all haste, 
and it was as Sir Graham said. She healed both 
him and Sir Grey, so that none could have said their 
fingers had been cut off. 

Then the princess said to Sir Grey, " Number 
One hundred and forty-one, here is my hand." 

" Nay, princess — I am One hundred and forty." 

" How can that be ? " 

309 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

" I cannot count myself as conquered by Sir 
Greyskin, as I have conquered him, and added him 
and his numbers." 

" But he defeated you." 

" Yes, but my second victory neutralises the first. 
I cannot, and will not be regarded as having con- 
quered myself." 

" There is a difficulty, I see," said Elgiva ; " but 
let us settle it thus. You had two rounds with the 
spectre knight ; in the first you contended with 
physical strength, the second round was a contest of 
intellect — but the two make up but one fight. Right. 
Number One hundred and forty, here is my hand." 

•' And here is mine," said the Lady Margaret to 
Sir Graham. 

Note. — The story of Sir Grey, Sir Graham, and Sir Greyskin is 
a combination of the metrical romance of " Sir Eger, Sir Graham, 
and Sir Graysteel," which is imperfect, and of which one copy alone 
remains, and also of a story given by Gervase of Tilbury in Otia 
Iinperalia, written in 121 1. The story of Sir Eger and the rest was 
very popular in the early part of the sixteenth century, as is 
evident from the manner in which it is mentioned in the Complaynt 
of Scotland, first published in 1549. In the metrical romance, of which 
Ellis gives a summary, Sir Graysteel is not a ghostly knight ; he 
is actually killed by Sir Graham. I hope that I have not 
offended the purists by identifying him with the ghostly knight of 
Gervase. The latter distinctly localises the event at Cambridge, 
but giV'CS, as the name of the ancient encampment, Wandlebury — 
" in Anglia ad terminos Eliensis est castrum, Cantabrica nomine, 
cujus limites e vicino locus est, quem Wandlebiriam dicunt." 

No such name remains now near Cambridge, and I should 
conjecture that this was an old name for the prehistoric 
camp with mound that was occupied later by the Norman castle. 

For notes on this story see Liebrecht's CoUectio7i of Extracts 
froi7i the Otia Imperalia, Hanover, 1856. I have likewise worked 
in a scrap of the old ballad of " The Unquiet grave." 

310 



XVI 

ROBERT THE EVIL 



There lived in Normandy a duke named Hubert. 
He was a brave and a courteous man, and he loved 
peace though he was so brave, and cared rather for 
the happiness of his people than for making himself 
a name through exploits of war. 

He was married to the daughter of the Duke of 
Burgundy, and but one thing interfered with their 
perfect happiness, and that was that they were 
childless. They were both devout in their duties to 
God, and they built hospitals and cared for the sick 
and the poor. Fourteen years had they been 
together, and there was no child. The duke's heart 
was sad, but the duchess was the most sad, because 
she was not only herself disappointed, but she saw 
also that it troubled her husband greatly. 

One day he was out hunting, and he said to 
himself, " How is it that so many husbands and 
wives have children and to spare, and I and my wife 
have none ? " 

313 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Now it happened that whilst he was saying this, 
the duchess was sitting in her garden, and was 
weeping, and she said to herself, " There is many a 
poor wife, who can hardly feed her children, has got 
a large family, and I who am rich have none. How 
is that ? " 

As she thought and spoke with herself, she picked 
with her fingers at a bit of old wall against which 
she was leaning her arm. It was made up of small 
stones and bits of tile and of flint pebbles, set in 
mortar. She had picked out several of these before 
she became aware that she had pulled out a tile 
that covered a little hole, and that something like 
smoke was issuing from this small hole. The smoke- 
like substance came out as if it were blown from a 
pipe, and it spread out before her, and then she saw 
that it was a dense cloud of tiny black flies ; and 
these flies all gathered close to each other till she 
could see no light between them, and to her infinite 
terror she discovered that the smoke - cloud was 
contracting into the figure of a dark man. She 
could see no features, only a general form, and 
through it all was an endless whirling and traversing 
of black flies. 

She was so frightened that she could not speak. 
She looked at the great shadow-like figure before 
her and trembled. 

Then she heard a voice say to her, " I will give 
to you a son on one condition — that one of my flies 
may enter his heart and lodge there." 

When the shadow-form spoke thus, with a voice 
like the humming of myriads of flies, then the 

314 



Robert the Evil 

duchess plucked up courage, and she said, " Give me 
a son, and I will allow one of your flies to enter and 
lodge in his heart." 

Then all at once the swarm of flies scattered, and 
the outline of the form was gone, and the duchess 
started to her feet. She thought she had been 
dreaming. 

At her feet lay the little tile she had picked out 
of the wall. She stooped, took it up, and saw that 
it bore a singular stamp like this — 




Now, as the duke rode a-hunting, he came all at 
once to a dead hind, that lay in the depth of the 
wood. He was alone. Above the carcase was an 
innumerable swarm of flies, so thick that it was as 
smoke wavering in the wind. At first he thought 
that the dead beast was on fire, but he soon assured 
himself that this was a cloud of mosquitoes above it. 
He drew up his horse and looked on in wonder. 
Then he saw the cloud of flies contract into a form, 
twice as tall as that of a man ; he could see no 
features, only a maze of twirling mites of flies in the 
shape of a man. 

Then he heard a voice issue from this cloud-form, 
and it said, " I will give you a son if you will allow 
one of my midgets to drop one tiny mite of poison 
into his blood." 

315 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

When the duke heard this, he almost laughed, 
and he said, " I want a son indeed, and the sting of 
a mosquito will do him no harm. I grant it." 

Then all at once the cloud-form dissolved, the 
flies scattered, 'and the duke saw no more. 

Well, it came to pass, some time after this, that 
the Duchess of Normandy became the mother of a 
little baby boy. 

Then she was full of joy, but also full of alarm, 
for she remembered what she had promised. 

She had the finest muslin curtains drawn over 
the windows, lest any flies should enter, and over 
the baby's crib were also fine muslin curtains 
stretched ; and she ordered eight ladies-in-waiting to 
watch, four by day and four by night, with fans in 
their hands, to drive away all flies from her babe. 
Not a fly was to be seen in the room, and the 
duchess gave strictest orders that no cobwebs were 
to be swept down by the housemaids. 

She believed that her babe would be safe when it 
was baptized, but that till its christening it was 
subject to the danger of the fly entering it. 

The day for the baptism had arrived. The 
weather was so sultry that the windows were opened, 
but the muslin curtains remained close drawn. 

Suddenly, all saw a flash of lightning, and then 
heard a crash of thunder so loud that they thought 
the castle must have been struck. The duchess 
nearly fainted with fear. The ladies-in-waiting 
desisted from fanning the child. 

Then a blast of wind rushed in, tore the muslin 
curtains asunder, and in the wind came a little black 

316 



Robert the Evil 

fly with a long - legged mosquito on its back, 
trumpeting triumphantly. 

Before the duchess and her ladies could recover 
themselves, the black fly had lighted on the child's 
lips and had crept into its mouth, and the mosquito 
danced on to the little white brow of the babe and 
stung it there. 

The child was now taken to church, and was 
baptized by the name of Robert. /\11 the way to 
church, and all the way back, he did nothing but 
howl and struggle. 

Never had nurses so bad a time as they had with 
this child. He grew his teeth quicker than do most 
babes, and when he had them, he bit his nurses. He 
delighted also in scratching them with his sharp 
nails. 

Before the year was out, he could run about, and 
by the time he was three could talk. The older 
he grew, the more mischievous he became. No 
governess could exercise any control over him. 
When he played with other children, he struck them 
with his fists, pulled out their hair, and kicked them. 

Often the boys in the street assembled to fight 
him, but no sooner did he appear, than their courage 
failed and they ran away, screaming, " Robert the 
Evil is coming after us ! " just as sheep are scattered 
by a wolf. At last no one called him anything else 
but Robert the Evil. 

Thus Robert grew up to be a big boy. The 
barons of Normandy, when they saw his violence, 
were right glad, for they thought he would make a 
warlike duke, and they were weary of the peace 

Z^7 



I 

The Old English Fairy Tales 

that reigned under his father, the good Duke Hubert. 
They thought that this was merely boyish spirit ; 
but at last they also found that his evil disposition 
was too much for them. Just as noxious weeds 
grow strong, so did the evil tempers and mischief- 
loving caprice of Robert. Nothing pleased him 
more than to run about the streets with a stick, 
beating people, breaking windows, and behaving like 
a madman. 

The duke was much distressed. He called his 
son to him and said, " It is high time that this 
disorderly life should come to an end. I am going 
to give you a tutor to instruct you in good manners, 
and to teach you your duty to God and to 
men." 

Robert was obliged to submit ; and a good and 
painstaking tutor was appointed. But one day, when 
this master was rebuking Robert for neglect, the boy 
drew a knife, fell on his tutor and stabbed him, so 
that he sank down in his blood on the floor. 

After that no man could be got who would 
undertake the office of tutor to Robert. His parents 
were obliged to leave him to himself, to follow his 
own course, for he would not listen to them any 
more than to anyone else. 

He refused to learn anything, he mocked at all 
that is holy, and not only would he not go to church 
himself, but on Sundays he threw mud and stones 
at those who were going to the house of God. 

When the duke saw how that his son went on 
from evil to evil, he wished that Robert had never 
been born ; and he thought now of the black poison 

318 



Robert the Evil 

of the mosquito that had entered his blood and 
corrupted it. The duchess also was full of grief 
that she had been given a son who caused her shame 
and misery, and she thought it was occasioned by 
the fly that was harboured in his heart. 

One day she said to her husband, " Our son is 
now old enough and able-bodied : it seems to me 
that it would be well to dub him knight, perhaps 
that may have some effect on him, and cause him to 
amend his wicked ways." 

The duke consented, though Robert was then but 
eighteen years old. 

On Whitsunday the duke assembled the barons 
and nobles of the land, and summoned his son 
before the great gathering. /\fter he had discussed 
his project with his council, he thus addressed his 
son: " Robert, hearken to what, at the advice of my 
best friends, I say to you before all this great 
company. It is my purpose to dub you knight, 
that henceforth you may associate with honourable 
men, and may exercise yourself in acquiring knightly 
virtues, and that you may strive to change your 
manner of life, which grieves and offends all men." 

Robert answered, " Father, do as you will. I 
care nothing whether I am a knight or not. As my 
heart prompts or my head advises, so will I act." 

Then he strode out of the hall of assembly, in 
such a humour that with his cudgel he struck down 
everyone who was in his way, cutting open the 
heads of some, and maiming others in their 
limbs. 

However, his father insisted, and next day he was 
319 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

dubbed knight, and the duke ordered a tournament 
to be held, in which the knights might tilt at each 
other with blunt spears. 

Robert at once entered the lists, drew his sword, 
overthrew knight after knight, fighting and raging 
like a lion. He broke the arm of one, the leg of 
another, and the neck of a third. Not one who 
ventured before him came off uninjured ; and he 
rode with such force and fury that he rode ten horses 
to death. The duke in vain ordered the sports to 
close. Robert would not attend. He galloped 
about in mad fury, running down horse and man, 
dealing out savage blows, and in this one day killed 
three of the boldest knights of the land, beside 
having wounded many. 

He would not desist so long as any man remained 
within the lists ; then he spurred his horse, which 
leaped the barrier, and he rode away into the open 
country in search of adventures. 

After this he did not return to his father's castle, 
but gathered a number of evil-doers about him, and 
conducted himself worse than ever, riding about the 
country ravaging it, not sparing churches, the old, 
the young, the feeble. 

Messengers came to the duke from all sides with 
complaints against Robert. He had burnt one 
man's harvest, he had killed another man, he had 
robbed a church. 

The duke was in the utmost distress and doubt 
what to do. He knelt down and prayed to God, 
whom he had so often asked to give him a son, that 
now, in his shame and sorrow of heart. He would 

320 



Robert the Evil 

show him the means whereby his grief might be 
assuaged, and his son recovered from such a hfe of 
wickedness. 

Then one of his worthy old servants came to him, 
and said, " Dear master, let me give you my advice. 
Send messengers to summon Robert to come before 
you. Then address him in the presence of your 
kinsmen and nobles, and bid him change his mode of 
life ; and threaten him, unless he does so, to proceed 
against him as you would against any ordinary 
criminal. Throw him into prison, bring him before 
justice — and deal with him as the law requires, 
without respect of person." 

The duke thanked the man for his advice, and 
promised to follow it. 

The duke accordingly sent messengers to his son. 
These arrived before Robert, and were ill received by 
him. He had their eyes put out, and said mockingly, 
" Now, sirs, you will sleep all the better ! " 

The blinded messengers returned to the duke, 
and told him all. 

The duke was very angry, and considered how he 
could bring his son under restraint. 

He sent in all haste messengers into all parts of 
the land, and ordered the officers and governors to 
take all measures in their power to protect the land 
against Robert, to secure his person, and to deliver 
him over to him, his father. 

When Robert and his company heard that the 

whole country was rising in arms against them, they 

were greatly alarmed. But Robert ground his teeth, 

and vowed that he would carry on war against his 

21 321 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

own father, and that he would devastate the whole 
land before him. 

For their immediate protection, he withdrew his 
band of robbers into a deep forest, in a wild and 
rocky region, remote from towns and villages, and 
there he built himself a strong castle. Numerous 
ruffians came to him there, murderers, thieves, high- 
waymen, and all those whose crimes banished them 
from the company of ordinary men. 

From his headquarters in the forest Robert burst 
forth and waylaid and attacked merchants on their 
way from one town to another. He robbed them 
of everything, and killed all he robbed. 

The country was panic-stricken. No man ven- 
tured along the road, for fear of Robert and his 
band. When the freebooters returned to their 
stronghold, they lived in riot and revelry, and made 
every day one of festivity. 

One day Robert rode forth alone in the forest. 
It so happened that he fell in with seven hermits, 
old and pious men, who were on their way through it. 
Out of mere savagery and wantonness, Robert rode 
at the old men, brandishing his sword, trampled them 
under his horse's hoofs, and cut them down with his 
sword. When they saw him charging at them, they 
knelt down and prayed that he might be forgiven. 

When all were dead, he laughed and said, " There, 
I have given martyrs' crowns to these seven saints. 
What more could they have desired ? " 

After this horrible crime, he left the forest. All 
his garments were stained with blood, and he looked 
like ^ butcher from the shambles. 

322 



Robert the Evil 

As he thus rode along the land, he approached 
the castle of Arques, and learned from a shepherd 
that his mother was there. She had arrived that day. 

He at once turned his horse's head in the direction 
of the castle, moved by some dark and uncertain 
impulse. But as he approached and people saw 
him, all fled from him, like hares from a hound. 
Some shut themselves up in their houses, others 
took refuge in the church. 

For the first time it struck Robert that he was an 
object of aversion and horror to people. " What ! ' 
said he ; " am I the plague, that everyone turns pale 
and flies before me ? " 

Occupied with this thought, he drew up at the 
castle gate, sprang from his horse, and called to the 
ostlers to take it. But no servant dared approach, 
and he was obliged himself to attach his horse to a 
ring in the wall. 

Then, with his sword all stained with blood in his 
hand, he strode into the castle. 

When the duchess, his mother, saw Robert enter, 
and approach her with the sword drawn in his hand, 
she turned to run away ; but Robert called out to her, 
" Dear mother, why do you try to escape ? I will 
not harm you. Stand and speak to me, I pray you." 

Then he approached her with his sword lowered, 
and said to her, " Mother, tell me, I pray you, why I 
am unlike all others, that I am so furious and bent on 
evil continually. Sometimes I know it is all bad ; 
but my furious passions drive me on, just as a leaf 
is blown by a hurricane." 

Then the duchess said, weeping, " My son, I am 
323 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

to blame, as is also your father. We despaired oi 
having a son, and were rebellious against the will of 
God. Then all at once a mysterious dark spirit 
stood before us, before me in the garden, and after- 
wards before your father in the forest, and promised 
that we should have a son if I would allow him to 
send a black fly into your heart, and if your father 
would allow one to drop deadly poison into your 
blood. This, we believe, is the reason why you 
have so much evil in your heart, and so much fire 
in your blood, and that your thoughts are only to 
do evil continually. Now, I kneel, I feel I am guilty 
— raise your sword and strike off my head." 

Then Robert said, " Mother, is there no way by 
which the black fly may be dislodged from my 
heart, and the poison be driven out of my blood ? " 

The duchess said, " I have sent for seven holy 
hermits who have lived in desert places, serving God 
in fastings and prayers. They have been to me 
to-day, and I told them all my sorrow, and your 
father's, and asked them their advice." 

Then Robert was dismayed, for it was even these 
men who had come at his mother's request that he 
had killed, and it was with their blood that his 
sword and his garments were stained. 

His mother went on to say, " I spake with these 
holy men, and they were all of one and the same 
opinion. They said that the black fly lived on evil 
deeds done, — blood that is shed, houses broken into 
and robbed, harvests destroyed, — and that the only 
way in which you could rid yourself of the black 
fly was to starve him out." 

324 



Robert the Evil 

" And how is that to be done ? " asked Robert. 

" By doing no more deeds of violence. Then 
after a while he will be forced to leave, or he will 
perish for want of food." 

" And the poison drop in my blood ? " asked 
Robert. 

" That, said they, could only be expelled by 
prayer and fasting." 

" Oh, you good mother," said Robert, " I thank 
you for what you have said. Hitherto I have used 
every effort to feed and fatten the black fly, and I 
have let the poison in my blood drive me about as 
it would. Now I will use all my efforts to drive out 
the black fly, and to conquer and expel the poison 
from my blood." 

Without further words, Robert left the presence of 
his mother, and the castle of Arques. 

The duchess hastened to Rouen to her husband, 
and told him all. The duke said, " It is in vain. 
How can he make amends for all the evil he has 
done ? I cannot trust Robert, I believe that this is a 
mere caprice of the moment, and he will break out 
again into worse violence than before. Yet I pray to 
my merciful God, to hold him to his good purpose." 

Robert rode back to his fortress in the forest, and 
there found all his companions at table. 

As soon as they saw him, they stood up and 
cheered him, and bade him take his place and drink 
and be drunken with them. 

But Robert would not seat himself ; he stood, and 
said, " Comrades, hearken what I ha.ve to say. You 
know that the life we have led brings destruction to 

325 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

soul and body. We are all hurrying on the way to 
outer darkness, and there is no hope for us unless 
we turn from our evil ways and repent. Therefore 
I bid you do as I do, give up this bad life, and seek 
to recompense for the past." 

Then they all burst out laughing, they thought he 
was mocking. But he persisted in what he said. 

Then one stood up and said, " Listen to our 
captain ! Who is the worst among us all ? Who 
shows least mercy ? Who leads us into the greatest 
crimes ? " 

Robert answered, " That is true. I have led you 
wrong ; now let me lead you aright." 

Then another robber called out, " Master ! you 
speak to deaf walls. Neither I nor the rest of us 
will leave off our life of robbery and murder because 
you desire it. We do not like a peaceful state of 
affairs. We have no taste for honest work. We 
are brigands, and brigands we will remain to our 
dying day." 

All praised these words, and shouted, "If we have 
been bad hitherto, we will be worse in the 
future." 

When Robert heard their resolve, he said not 
another word to them. He bolted the door, took 
up a cudgel, and laid about him with all his might, 
and did not desist till he had knocked down and 
killed all the gang. Then he said, " I have paid 
you all for your services as ye deserved. As is the 
master, so is his pay." 

Then Robert put the key of his castle in his 
pocket, and went his way. 

326 



Robert the Evil 

He rode on his horse, and left the wood, and 
travelled on till he was overcome with hunger. 

Towards evening he drew near to a monastery, the 
abbot of which was a kinsman. Robert had done 
much harm to the possessions of this abbey ; and 
now, as he approached, everyone fled before him. 
He rode up to the gates, and, kneeling there, begged 
that the abbot would speak with him. The monks 
were so frightened that they advised the abbot to 
have nothing to do with him. However, he went to 
the gate, and then Robert was so earnest in his pro- 
fession of desire to amend his evil life, that the 
abbot opened the wicket and let him in. He gave 
him food and quarters for the night, and much good 
advice. 

Next morning Robert said to the abbot, " I have a 
commission wherewith I charge you. Here is the key 
of my castle. Take it to my father, and tell him that 
within are all the things we have taken from churches 
and castles, as well as those things of which we have 
despoiled merchants and peasants. Tell him to divide 
the spoil among those whom we have plundered." 

Then Robert left his horse and his sword behind, 
and went on his way on foot. 

He wandered over hill and vale, very weary and 
footsore, and did not rest till he reached the cell of 
a holy hermit who lived on a rock above the sea. 

He asked him to take him in and advise him what 
he must do. He told him what an evil life had 
been his, how that the black fly was lodged in his 
heart, and the poison boiled in his veins. He told 
him how he had stabbed his tutor when he was ^a 

327 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

boy, and had mocked at religion, and how he had 
maltreated all who came near to him ; how he had 
broken legs and arms and necks in the tournament 
when dubbed knight; how he had gathered about 
him a band of miscreants ; and he told him all that 
ever he had done, down to the murder of the seven 
holy hermits, who had been to advise his mother 
concerning him. 

Then the hermit said to him, " My son, I will 
prepare you a bed, and I will think and pray about 
you all night, and tell you in the morning what you 
must do." 

So he gave to Robert some of his frugal meal, 
and strewed him a bed of fern leaves and heather, 
and Robert cast himself on it and fell asleep. 

Now in the night the old hermit had a dream. 
He thought that the whole cell was full of light, and 
that he saw an angel in the midst of the light, and 
the angel said to him, " This is what Robert must 
do to prove his repentance, and to learn to obtain 
complete mastery over himself. He must behave 
himself as a fool, and as if he were dumb. He must 
eat no meat but what is cast to the dogs, and this 
life he must continue to lead, till it be revealed to 
him that his repentance is accepted, when the black 
fly will crawl out of his mouth, and the poison will 
come away from his thigh in a drop of black 
blood." 

When the hermit heard this, he was sore amazed 
and dismayed. 

^fi.Next morning he was very silent. Robert asked 
him whether he had any opinion to pass on what he 

32S 



Robert the Evil 

was to do. He saw that the aged man was dis- 
tressed, and he urged him to speak out and declare 
what he had to say. 

Then the hermit wept, and said to him, " Last 
night I saw an angel, and he told me that you must 
comport yourself as a fool, and as if you had lost 
your speech, and eat only what is cast to dogs. A 
sign from heaven will be given to show when your 
repentance is accepted, and then the black fly will 
leave your heart, and the poison drop will distil from 
your blood." 

Robert hearkened meekly, and thanked the hermit, 
and promised to do as he was bidden. 

Then he left the cell and went his way, not 
knowing whither he went, and as he walked, he 
jumped and ran, and behaved like a crazy fellow. 

When he was in a village or town, the children 
ran after him, mocking, and pelting him with stones. 
The people also looked out of their windows at him 
and laughed at his antics. 

So he went from place to place, and all he ate 
was what was cast to the dogs in the street till he 
came to Paris, where the Emperor Charlemagne 
held court. 

Seeing the palace door open, Robert ran into the 
hall where the emperor was, and jumped about from 
side to side, never remaining for one moment in the 
same spot. 

Charles the Great saw him and said, " There is a 
fine young man, who looks like a knight, but seems 
to be crazy. Bid him sit down and eat and drink." 

The emperor's steward brought Robert to a table, 
329 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

and placed before him meat, bread, and wine ; but 
he would touch nothing. 

Whilst Charlemagne was eating, he threw a bone 
to a dog which lay under the table. Instantly 
Robert sprang from his place and pursued the dog, 
to take the bone from him. The dog would not let 
go his spoil, so both gnawed at the same bone, one 
at each end. The emperor, and all in the hall who 
saw this, laughed aloud. 

At last Robert got the upper hand, and kept the 
bone for himself, and lay down on the floor and 
gnawed it, for he was very hungry, not having eaten 
anything for a long time. 

When the emperor saw how hungry he was, he 
threw a slice of bread to another dog. Robert took 
this also, but divided it in half, and gave one half to 
the dog. This also provoked much laughter, and 
the emperor said to his men, " This is the funniest 
fool I have ever seen. He takes from the dogs 
their food, but will not eat anything offered him. 
By this one can see that he is a genuine fool." 

The servants of Charlemagne now gave the dogs 
all the remains of the meats, so that Robert might 
be satisfied ; and that they might have sport in 
watching him. 

At last Robert stood up and began to run and 
jump about, and strike at the walls, the pillars, the 
dogs, the benches, with a stick he had in his hand. 
Whilst so doing he saw an open door leading into a 
sweet garden. He ran out and found a beautiful 
fountain in the midst of the garden. To this he 
went and drank of the water. 

330 



Robert the Evil 

As night approached, he went with the dogs to 
the place where they slept, which was under the 
stairs ; and he lay down among them. The emperor 
heard of this, and ordered a feather bed to be carried 
to him, but Robert made signs that he would not 
have it, so it was taken away. The emperor was 
not a little surprised when his servants returned with 
the soft bed, and he ordered them to litter plenty of 
straw on the ground where Robert was. 

They did this, and Robert threw himself down in 
the clean straw, among the dogs, and soon fell fast 
asleep. 

Thus it came about that Robert, the son of a 
mighty duke, who had been accustomed to lie on a 
good bed and eat of the best food, freely by the force of 
his own will, assisted by the grace of God, renounced 
all comforts and all honour, to eat with the dogs 
under the table, and sleep with the dogs under the 
stair, so that he might learn self-conquest, and give 
proof of his resolution to break with his evil habits, 
and conquer what was evil in his nature. For, 
indeed, there was in Robert what was bad, but also 
something that was good, as is the case with all the 
sons of Adam ; only in Robert there was a greater 
force of evil than in most men, because of the black 
fly in his heart and the black blood in his veins. 

But if there was this great evil in him, there was 
in him also a strong and resolute will, and the seeds 
of what is good and great and noble. And what 
happened to Robert may happen to every one of us : 
if we will, by God's help we can- conquer the evil 
and encourage the good. 



OJ 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Now listen to what follows. 

In this fashion Robert continued to live, a 
laughing - stock to the court, kindly regarded and 
much pitied by the emperor, and dearly loved by the 
dogs with whom he associated, especially by one old 
hound who lay near him on the straw, and who would 
have allowed himself to be killed, rather than be 
separated from Robert. 

It came to pass that the Emperor Charles the 
Great had a young and beautiful daughter, who was 
dumb. 

The king's seneschal had often asked the emperor 
to give her to him as wife, but Charlemagne would 
not consent to this, because he thought that although 
his daughter was dumb, yet she deserved a noble 
husband, and not a mere servant. 

This so angered the seneschal that he left the 
court and went to the Saracens in Spain, and in- 
trigued with them to invade Gaul and make war 
on the great emperor. 

This was all done so privately that suddenly the 
army of the Saracens crossed the Pyrenees and 
poured down on the fruitful plains of i\quitaine 
before the emperor was aware that war was menaced, 
and before he had collected an army sufficiently 
large to oppose the infidels. 

The Arabs poured over the south, and burned 
and destroyed and slaughtered everywhere without 
pity. 

Then Charles assembled his great nobles and thus 
addressed them : " My lords, give me good counsel, 
that we may withstand these heathen dogs which 

332 



Robert the Evil 

have wasted our land ; wherefore I take great 
thought, for they keep all my land under their 
subjection, and they will bring us to confusion, 
if that God, out of His endless mercy, help us 
not ; wherefore I pray you, everyone, to go fight 
with them with all your power and might, and drive 
them away." 

Then answered the lords and knights all with one 
assent, saying, " Sovereign lord, your counsel is good 
and wise, therefore we be ready all to go with you, 
and give them battle, and defend our right, and relieve 
the land." 

The emperor thanked them for this answer, and 
was glad, and made proclamation throughout all the 
country, that every man, old and young, who was 
able to bear arms should make ready to fight against 
the Saracens. 

Great numbers of men assembled about the 
emperor, who placed himself at the head of the host, 
and marched forth against the enemy. 

Now the old story says : " And for all that the 
emperour had moche mo people than the seneschall, 
yet the seneschall had wonne the felde, hadde not 
God of His grace sente theder Robert to resyste and 
helpe them in theyr grete necessyte." 

On the very day on which the Emperor Charles 
marched against the Saracens, it happened that 
Robert went into the garden of the palace where 
was the fountain, and he sat on the margin sorrowful, 
thinking of the great danger run by the emperor 
and his Christian men, and how unable he was to 
help. Then all at once he heard a voice from 

333 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

heaven, that said, " Robert, make haste ! arm thyself, 
mount and fly to the assistance of the emperor and 
the Christian host." 

Robert started to his feet in great astonishment. 
There was a flash as of lightning, and he saw before 
him a snow-white horse, richly harnessed, and on the 
breasting of the fountain a complete suit of silver 
armour, and a shield on which was blazoned a red 
cross above a crescent. 

Now it happened that there stood at a window 
the dumb princess, and she was looking into the 
garden when this happened, and she saw the great 
light and the sudden apparition of the horse and the 
armour, and she further saw Robert don the armour, 
mount the horse, and ride away. 

If she had been able to speak, she would have 
told her ladies what she had seen, but as she was 
dumb, she kept it locked up in her heart. 

Robert, in full armour, gleaming with light, on 
the snow-white horse, galloped into the camp of the 
Christians ; and arrived just at the moment when the 
army of the Franks was hard pressed by the enemy, 
and was beginning to waver. 

When, however, Robert appeared, and the enemy 
saw his flashing armour, and felt the strokes of his 
mighty arm and sword that shone as lightning, 
they were filled with panic, and recoiled. The 
Christians plucked up courage, recovered lost ground, 
and charged with shouts and levelled spears. The 
result was a victory. 

The ground was strewn with the dead of the 
Saracens, and the Franks put the invaders to flight 

334 



Robert the Evil 

No sooner was Robert assured that the victory 
was won, than he galloped back to Paris, and to the 
garden of the emperor. Having reached the fountain, 
he descended from the saddle, when, instantly horse 
and harness vanished, and Robert was but the poor 
ragged fool he had been before. 

The emperor's daughter saw this from her window. 
Fain would she have spoken, had her tongue been 
loosed. 

Robert had received a scar on the face in the 
battle, otherwise he was unhurt. 

The emperor now returned in triumph to Paris, 
and all the bells of all the churches rang out 
joyously. He went at the head of his troops to the 
cathedral, and thanked God for the assistance 
rendered him. 

When the evening banquet began, then Robert 
was in the hall as usual, performing his wonted 
antics, mute and crazy as before. The emperor was 
glad to see his fool again, but when he observed the 
scar on his face, he was vexed, and said, " I see that 
there are envious people in my court who have taken 
advantage of my absence to wound my poor good 
fool. It is true that he is a fool, but he is one 
who does no man an injury." Then the emperor 
issued orders that no one should molest Robert at 
any time. 

However, he had other matters to think of, and 
he began to talk with his nobles about the great 
victory, and to ask who that was on the white horse 
and in the silver armour, who had rendered such 
assistance that day. As none could inform him, 

335 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Charles said, " I know not who he be, but this 1 
know of him, that he is the bravest and finest knight 
I ever saw." 

The princess was present, and heard these words. 
She drew nigh to her father and made a sign to 
him, pointing to Robert, so as to show who it was 
who had ridden to the assistance of the Christian 
army. He could not understand what she meant, 
so he summoned her nurse, who had been with her 
from infancy, to explain to him what his daughter 
desired to say. The nurse, after watching her signs, 
told Charlemagne that the princess desired to inform 
him that Robert the fool was he who had brought 
such unexpected and powerful assistance to the army. 

The emperor laughed heartily at this, and said, 
" Verily my daughter is as great a fool as is he." 
But then he became angry, and said to the nurse, 
" Instead of training my child to be sensible, you 
encourage her to give way to all kinds of nonsensical 
ideas." 

When the princess heard this, she made no further 
signs, although she well knew that what she wanted 
to say was the truth. She went away in sadness of 
heart. 

After a while the Arabs had collected their forces 
again, and once more advanced against Paris. 
Again the emperor at the head of his Franks 
marched against them, and this time also would have 
been defeated unless the White Knight had come, as 
before, to his assistance and that of the hard pressed 
Christian host. This time also, Robert turned the 
battle into a rout of the enemy. 

336 



Robert the Evil 

When the battle was over, no one knew what had 
become of the White Knight ; for, although the 
emperor sent his men to observe \^'hich way he 
went, yet he had vanished before they could come 
up with him ; and only the princess knew who 
he was. 

A short time after this, fresh forces of the Arabs 
crossed the Pyrenees, and the remnant of the defeated 
host united with them ; and now the army was so 
great that the seneschal and the Saracen captain at 
the head of the army hoped to recover all they had 
lost ; and they marched for the third time on Paris. 

Before the Emperor Charles went forth to battle, 
he gave orders to some of his knights to closely 
observe the White Knight, should he again appear, 
and to surround him and bring him before his throne. 
They promised to do this, and when the day of 
battle came, several of them hid in a wood by 
the way, and waited for the coming of the White 
Knight. 

But this was in vain. Before they were aware, 
Robert was in the midst of the fight. Then the 
knights followed him, dealing strokes of their swords 
right and left, but none did such wonders as Robert. 
The enemy was unable to withstand this onslaught, 
and the Saracen host broke up and scattered in 
greater confusion than before. 

When the battle was over, and all set their faces 
to return home, Robert also resolved to gallop back 
to the well in the garden, there to release himself 
from his armour as heretofore. But the knights 
who had been ordered to watch and secure him had 
22 337 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

returned to the wood, and were awaiting him. When, 
therefore, they beheld him riding towards Paris, they 
drew up across his way, and called out to him, 
" Gallant knight ! speak to us and say who you are, 
and from what land you come ; for the emperor 
desires greatly to honour and reward you." When 
Robert heard this, he was abashed. He struck 
spurs into his horse and flew away over hill and 
vale ; for he knew that he was working out his 
penance, and must not speak or receive any honour 
from men. One of the boldest of the knights 
pursued him on a good horse, but, as he saw that he 
could not overtake him, he threw his spear after him, 
not with intent to hurt Robert, but to strike and 
arrest the white horse. However, his aim was bad, 
and the spear struck Robert in the thigh ; the lance- 
head entered and made a bad wound, but the shaft 
broke off. 

Robert rode away with the spear-barb in his thigh. 
Thus the knight did not discover anything, but he 
took up his broken spear-shaft and rode back to his 
companions, and all were sorrowful that he should 
have hurt the gallant White Knight. 

Robert hastened to the fountain, and then 
descended from the horse and laid aside his armour ; 
whereupon all vanished. He drew the spear-head 
from his thigh, and hid it between two big stones by 
the fountain. 

Poor Robert did not know how to get his wound 
dressed, and he was constrained to cover it with 
moss, and to rip out the lining of his jacket and 
bind it round the wound. 

338 



Robert the Evil 

Again the daughter of the emperor saw from a 
window all that took place ; she saw what a gallant 
and honourable knight, and withal how modest, 
Robert was, and she began to regard him with 
tender love. 

When Robert had bound up his wound, he went 
to the hall of the palace, to get some food ; but he 
limped, on account of his wound ; however, he 
endeavoured to disguise the pain he was in as best 
he might. 

Soon after came the knight who had wounded 
him and related to the emperor how he had flung 
his spear at the White Knight, and how unwillingly he 
had struck him, and how that the head of the spear 
was left in his flesh. 

" The best thing to be done, sire," said he, " is 
for you to utter a proclamation, and publish it 
throughout the empire, and if there be any knight in 
white harness rides a white horse, that he should be 
brought to your presence, and that he bring with 
him the spear-head wherewith he was hurt in the 
thigh, showing the wound, and that you give him 
your daughter to wife, and half your empire with 
her." 

The emperor, hearing this, approved of his counsel, 
and made the proclamation and published it through- 
out the empire. 

The proclamation came to the ears of the 
seneschal, who still loved the dumb princess, and 
who thought that an opportunity was offered him 
not only to obtain her, but also to recover the favour 
of the emperor. He had kept very secret that he 

339 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

was in league with tlie Saracens, and had been in 
their camp, and had stirred them up to war against 
Charles the Great, and he trusted that the emperor 
knew nothing of his treachery. 

So now he procured for himself a white horse and 
a suit of silver armour, and he cut his thigh and 
thrust a broken-off lance-head into the wound. He 
hoped thereby to deceive the emperor, and win the 
princess. When he had thus done, he armed his 
servants and set forth for Paris with a great 
retinue. 

On reaching the capital, he at once went to the 
palace, and saluted Charles the Great, and said to 
him, " My lord, I am he that relieved you three 
times in your great straits. Three times have I 
caused you to have honour and victory against the 
dogs of Saracens." 

The emperor, who thought not of treason or 
deceit, said, " You are a valiant and wise knight ; 
but I had not supposed it possible that you could 
be our deliverer, for, indeed, when you did not 
answer my summons to arms, I took you for for- 
sworn and a villain." 

The seneschal pretended to be very angry at this, 
and he said, " My lord emperor, marvail you nothing 
hereat, for I am not such a coward as you take me 
to be?" 

So saying, he drew the spear-head from his thigh 
and showed it to the emperor. 

The knight stood by who had wounded Robert, 
and he looked well at the iron spear-head, and was 
very sure it was not the same as that which he had 

340 



Robert the Evil 

used. But he thought advisable at that moment to 
say nothing, for he was afraid of the seneschal, and 
the emperor seemed to believe him. And, indeed, 
Charlemagne now showed great honour to the 
seneschal, and was ready to reward him for the 
services he thought that he had done. 

And now the time had come when Robert's 
penance was to be ended. 

He lay under the stairs on the straw, fevered with 
his wound, and he heard how that all was being made 
ready for the marriage of the false seneschal with the 
beautiful princess. He knew that the wicked man 
was claiming honour for having done that which he 
had never acomplished. Yet Robert did not believe 
that the hour of his deliverance had come. The dog 
that so loved him licked his wound, when Robert 
took off the plaster of moss. And lo ! Robert saw that 
in the moss was a drop of poisonous black blood, 
that had come forth from his veins and had burned 
the moss wherever it touched. This he now threw 
away, and he knew that the end of his sorrows was near. 

At this time an angel appeared to the old hermit 
among the rocks of Brittany, and told him all that 
had happened to Robert, and bade him gird up his 
loins and hasten to Paris, and declare to Robert that 
his time of trial was accomplished. 

Now there arrived the wedding-day, and the prin- 
cess was full of shame and grief, because she was to 
marry the seneschal, who pretended to have done 
those gallant deeds which she, and she alone, knew 
had been performed by the poor fool who lived under 
the stairs. 

341 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

She wept and tore her hair and wrung her hands, 
but all in vain. She could not speak and tell her 
father why she was so unhappy, and he no longer 
mistrusted the seneschal, for he thought that he was 
bound by his word to give her to the man who had 
delivered himself and his army in their great peril on 
three several occasions. 

So a great procession was formed to go to the 
cathedral, where the archbishop was to marry the 
seneschal to the princess, and all the way the poor 
princess wept and wrung her hands. 

Now, when she stood in the church, and the 
marriage service began, then all at once the string 
of her tongue was loosed, and she cried aloud, " My 
father ! my father ! how can you believe that this 
wicked man and false traitor was he who assisted you ? 
All he says is a lie. Here, in this city, even in your 
own palace, lives the man to whom you and all here 
present owe your lives. I have long known who was 
the White Knight ; I tried once to show you what I 
knew, but you would not believe me." 

Then all were in great marvel to hear the dumb 
lady speak. 

And now the knight who had wounded the White 
Knight had the courage to speak out. " Sire," said 
he, " the spear-head that man drew from his thigh 
never belonged to my spear." 

Then the archbishop, who stood before the altar, 
spoke out, and bade the princess declare all. But she 
took her father by the one hand and the archbishop by 
the other, and led them into the garden to the foun- 
tain, and showed them where was hidden the head of 

342 



Robert the Evil 

the spear. And the knight who had wounded 
Robert, and who followed, at once knew that this was 
verily the barb of his own weapon. He brought his 
shaft, and the spear-head and the piece of wood still 
attached to it fitted exactly. 

Then the princess said, " Thrice have we been 
delivered from the heathen by the valour of this 
brave knight. Thrice have I seen his horse and 
harness, which he has resigned thrice when his work 
was accomplished. What has become of horse and 
armour, that I know not, but the man himself is 
here. Each time, when he had done what he was 
sent to do, he went and laid himself down among 
the dogs." To her father she said, " He it is who 
has saved your honour and your land. It is yours 
to reward him. Let us go and learn the truth from 
his own lips." 

Then they all went to where Robert lay on the 
straw, and his faithful old friend the dog was licking 
his wound. The emperor, and the archbishop, the 
princess, the nobles of the land and the great 
ladies, all were present. They stood in the hall, on 
the stair, in the doorway. And when Robert saw 
them, he hastily drew his rags over his wound. 

But the emperor said to him, " Friend, I pray you 
suffer us to look at the wound in your thigh. I must 
needs see it." 

Robert now understood what Charles the Great 
meant, and he pretended not to comprehend. He 
took up the straw and began to bite and tear it, and 
then to toss it about and play with it, like a fool. 

Then all at once, as he looked up, he saw the face 
343 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

of the old hermit from Brittany. The old man had 
entered and stood behind the emperor. Then he 
dropped the straw and remained motionless. 

The hermit in a loud voice cried out, " Hearken 
unto me, you Robert ; and all ye who stand by^ 
This is the man who was called Robert the Evil, and 
indeed with right, for much evil had he done. But 
henceforth shall he be called Robert the Good, for 
the evil he once wrought, he will recompense with 
much and abundant good. And now, Robert, I 
declare to thee that the time of thy probation is at 
an end. Serve and honour God, love mankind, your 
brethren. And I am sent to open your mouth." 

Then the hermit stood forward, and he touched 
Robert on the lips, and Robert opened his mouth, 
and forthwith there flew away from him a tiny black 
fly, so thin and so feeble that it seemed not to have 
strength to move its wings. 

Then Robert fell on his knees and said, " King 
of Heaven, I thank Thee that I who have been the 
worst of sinners am suffered to arise and do Thee 
service in the future." 

Now, when the emperor, and the archbishop, and 
the princess, and all who were present heard Robert 
speak so well and so rationally, they were filled with 
joy at their hearts. 

Robert, however, at once bade all farewell, for he 
longed to return home and see his father and 
mother. 

When he neared Normandy, — or Neustria, as it 
was then called, — he heard that his father was dead, 
and that an usurper had driven away the duchess 

344 



Robert the Evil 

and ruled the land with violence. Robert at once 
proclaimed that he was duke, and summoned the 
knights of the land to him, and without much diffi- 
culty he succeeded in expelling the usurper. There 
was great joy when his mother met him, and learned 
how altered a man he was. 

As soon as Robert had established order and good 
government in his duchy, he hasted back to Paris, 
where a great wedding was celebrated, and he 
married the daughter of Charlemagne, who had been 
dumb, but now spoke plain. 

Robert with a great retinue came to Rouen in 
Normandy with his wife, and the people received 
both with great joy. 

Robert ruled in justice and with mercy, and the 
land had peace and flourished under his sway. 

One day a messenger came to him from the 
emperor, to say that the seneschal, who had escaped 
unhurt from Paris after his treachery had been dis- 
covered, had again leagued with the Saracens, and 
was marching into Gaul. 

Then Robert collected an army and hastened to 
the assistance of Charlemagne. A great battle was 
fought, and in it Robert with his own hand clove 
him from crown to shoulders by one mighty 
blow. 

After this he returned to Normandy, and lived 
long in love and honour with his noble wife. He 
was feared by his enemies and loved by his friends 
and by his subjects. He died at the age of sixty- 
two, and was known as duke by the name of Richard 
the Good. 

345 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Note. — This is one of the noblest of mediseval romances. On it 
Meyerbeer based his opera of " Roberto il Diavolo." It has not 
hitherto been adapted for children because of a difficulty at the 
beg-inning- to which objection might be taken. An attempt has been 
made in this version to g-et over the difficulty. The tale occurs in 
an early French metrical romance of the thirteenth century. There 
was also a mediseval mystery play on the same topic. The story 
was turned into prose and published at L)-ons in 1496. The 
English edition was by Wynkyn de Worde, about 1490. 

It has been supposed that there is some sort of historical basis 
for the story. Robert has been supposed to have been the son ot 
one Aubert, first Duke of Neustria under Pepin, the father of 
Charlemagne, about 751. This Aubert had a wife named Inde, 
sister of the Duke of Burgundy, by whom he had a son called 
Robert, who received the bad nickname on account of the enor- 
mities committed by him in the Forest of Rouveray. Robert was 
the father of Richard Sans-peur, who is also a hero of romance. 
The stories of both were incorporated inLes Chro7iiques et excellents 
Faits des Dues, Princes, Barotis et Seigneurs de la 7whle Diichd de 
Nonnandie," Paris, s.a. 

The story of Robert has either been made up from the legends 
of St. Alexis and that of St. Roque, or these latter have borrowed 
from the legend of Robert. St. Roque is always represented with 
the dog and the wound in his thigh. He is ever in pilgrim garb ; 
and in the original story Robert goes in pilgrimage to Rome, and 
the incidents of his penance take place at Rome. As, however, he 
seems to have been a contemporary with Charles the Great, and 
is associated with his wars against the Arabs, I have transferred 
the scene to Paris. 

Robert I., sixth Duke of Normandy,'wasalsosurnamed by some 
*'The Devil," by other "The Magnificent"; but he was the 
second son of Richard the Good, and was father of William the 
Conqueror. It is not possible to fit the story to this duke ; but it is by 
no means surprising that as his name was Robert, and he showed 
himself somewhat rough in dealing with his enemies, the nickname 
so well known through tradition should have also attached to him. 

The marvellous horse and armour are an Oriental importation, 
and this incident can hardly be earlier than the crusades. It is 
also introduced into other folk-tales. 

The old English prose romance was reprinted by M. Thorns in 
1828, and again in 1858. It reposes on the metrical romance ot 



Robert the Evil 

• ' Robert le Diable " of the thirteenth century, which was first printed 
b\ Trebutien in 1837, from a MS. in the Bibliotheque Royale at 
Paris. There is also a metrical English romance on the same 
subject, probably of the end of the thirteenth or beg^inning- of the 
fourteenth century, which was printed in London in 1798. The 
story must have been extant before the battle of Hastings, as 
Henry of Huntingdon informs us that William the Conqueror re- 
ferred to it in his address to the soldiers : " He overcame the devil 
himself, with whom he wrestled, and cast down and bound him, 
leaving him a shameful spectacle to angels. 



34/ 



XVII 

THE CROWN OF WHITE ROSES 



349 



XVII 

THE CROWN OF WHITE ROSES 



There lived once on a time a mason ; he was 
young, an excellent workman, and very diligent. 
Consequently he was much sought after. 

Now he saw a very modest, beautiful girl, and he 
went to her mother's house to ask to have her as his 
wife. 

The mother answered and said, " My daughter is 
the best girl in the world ; but she is very poor. 
Indeed, she has got as her dower nothing whatever 
but a crown of white roses. She has a fairy god- 
mother, and this fairy at her birth gave her this rather 
than riches. The property of the crown of white 
roses is this : Whenever she is spoken roughly to and 
frightened, the roses curl up ; and when she is 
approached with words of treachery, they close alto- 
gether ; should anyone venture to kiss her except 
her father and mother, and her husband when she 
has one, all the leaves of the roses will fall off. 
Look here ! " said the old woman, and she pointed 

351 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

to a wreath of white roses that hung against the 
wall. 

The mason looked and saw a beautiful garland, 
and all the white rose-leaves were quivering and 
curling. 

" That is because my daughter is frightened," 
said the widow ; " she saw you coming here, and she 
knows you have come after her." 

" But I am not speaking roughly," said the man. 

" No ; but you are asking for her to be your wife, 
and that has frightened her. Now I will go and call 
her." 

Then the young girl was summoned, and all the 
rose-leaves trembled and curled as she came in, 
and listened to the mason asking her to be his 
wife. 

She looked up at the crown, but as the flowers 
remained open, and did not shut, she knew he was an 
honest man, and meant nothing but good. 

So she agreed to be his wife. 

Then he asked her to let him kiss her. 

But she drew back in a great fright, and said, 
" No, I dare not, till you are my husband, or all 
the leaves of the roses will fall off, and the virtue of 
the garland will be at an end." 

To make a long story short, the marriage took 
place, and the mason got a very sweet and good 
wife, who cared only for her house and her husband, 
to keep the first tidy and the other happy. 

Now the house occupied by the mason was a bit 
of an old castle that had been abandoned, and would 
have fallen into total ruin if he had not spent much 



The Crown of White Roses 

time, when not otherwise engaged, in mending the 
roof, patching up the walls, and making it habitable. 
Adjoining the entrance hall was a tower, and under 
this tower was a dungeon. In the floor was a loose 
board on a hinge, so contrived that whoever stepped 
on the board tumbled through into the dungeon 
beneath, from which it was impossible for anyone to 
extricate himself without assistance from above. 

The mason told his wife to be very careful not to 
go into the tower because of this trap-door. 

They lived very happily for some time together, 
and then the mason was asked to go and build a 
grand dining-hall for a nobleman at a distance ; and 
as the pay offered was good, he consented to go. 

Before he departed, he said to his dear wife, " I 
shall take the wreath of roses with me, and I shall 
look at it every day, and if I see the leaves tremble 
and curl, I shall know you are frightened, and if I 
see the roses close, I shall know that someone is 
approaching you with words of treachery ; and if 
there seems to be real danger, then I will come back 
to you at once. If you are in real alarm, send any 
troublesome person into the tower-room, and tumble 
him into the dungeon, and I will attend to the matter 
on my return, or you can send for me, if you wish 
it.'' 

Having said this, the mason went away, and 
carried the garland of roses with him. He 
reached the nobleman's castle, and was set his task, 
and worked at it diligently and skilfully. The 
nobleman came every day to see how his hall was 
getting on, and he sometimes stood beside the mason 
23 353 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

in his workshop when he was engaged on his plans, 
or in doing a bit of stone-carving. 

One day he noticed the wreath of white roses 
hanging against the wall, near the table at which 
the man worked out his plans. Then he asked the 
mason about it, and heard the wonderful story of 
the virtues of the garland. 

Well, this nobleman was an inquisitive man, and 
he thought and thought about the wreath of roses, 
and had no rest ; but made up his mind to go and 
see the mason's wife, and find if he could snatch a 
kiss, and then come quickly back and discover 
whether by this means he could make the roses cast 
all their leaves. 

So he taunted the mason, and said he did not 
believe what he said, and that this was all a story 
made up to try him, whether he were a fool or not. 

The mason persisted in what he asserted, and the 
nobleman continued incredulous. At last he said 
to the mason, " Will you let me go and try if I can 
get a kiss ? " 

" You may go if you like," said the mason ; " but 
I know very well that you will get none, and if you 
get badly off by the expedition, blame yourself and 
not me." 

" Very well," said the nobleman ; " I will risk it, 
and take the consequences, which cannot be bad. I 
can but be refused." 

So away he went. 

Now he rested not till he reached the door of the 
house where lived the mason when at home. He 
knocked, and was admitted. The young wife iras 

354 



The Crown of White Roses 

frightened when she saw him, for she thought that 
something must have happened to her husband. 

The nobleman said, " I have come to ask you to 
give me a kiss. Your husband has allowed me to 
come and try. I will give you twenty pounds if 
you will, as I am very curious to test the virtue of 
the wreath of roses. And now I have seen you, I 
shall be ever your debtor if you will allow me one 
kiss of your cherry lips." 

Then the young wife said, " My lord, how can 
you ask such a thing, when you are splashed with 
mud all over your face ? Go into the tower-room 
and wash your face, and then we will talk further 
about this said kiss." 

So the nobleman thought that as he rode along, 
and passed market people on the road, mud had 
been splashed from their horses' hoofs over his face, 
and he hastily opened the door into the tower-room, 
walked forward, trod on the loose plank, and went 
head over heels down into the dungeon. 

Now the mason had kept his eyes fixed on the 
wreath, and he had seen the fluttering of the 
rose-leaves, and the flowers closing. He was in 
alarm, and threw aside his tools, so as to start, but 
he looked again at the wreath, and all the roses were 
open again. So he knew that everything was well 
with his dear wife at home. 

The nobleman, when he came to himself in the 
dungeon, found it all dark, and though he groped 
about, he could discover no possible way out ; so he 
began to shout. The mason's wife paid no attention 
to him for a long time. At last she went into the 

355 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

tower-room, raised the trap-door, and asked what 
the captive wanted. 

He begged and implored to be let out, but she 
would not hearken to his entreaties. She said that 
she intended to keep him there till her husband's 
return. 

When the nobleman found it was no good his 
asking to be let out, then he begged that some food 
might be let down to him. The mason's wife 
answered that in her house there were no idlers, 
whoever ate had earned his victuals, and that if the 
nobleman desired food, he must spin till he had 
gained enough to pay for his meal. 

" Spin ! " exclaimed the captive ; " that is woman's 
work. I never span in my life." 

" Nevertheless, you must spin or starve," answered 
the mason's wife. 

Well, he remained tossing and stamping about 
in the dark dungeon some hours. At last he got so 
ravenously hungry, that he shouted out that he was 
ready to do the work set him. So the woman threw 
down a bundle of flax and a distaff for him to work 
upon, and hung a little lamp in the dungeon, by the 
light of which he might see to work. 

The nobleman now set to work spinning, and 
though he was clumsy at first with his fingers, yet 
in time he had spun a whole spindleful of fine thread. 
When this was done, he was quite sick and faint with 
hunger. He called, and the woman came ; she let 
down a little basket, and he put his hank of thread 
in ; and, as she was satisfied, she passed down to him 
some bread and water, upon which he fed ravenously. 



The Crown of White Roses 

Now it must be told how that people wondered 
much at the disappearance of the nobleman. Some 
thought he had gone to court because summoned by 
the king ; some that he had gone fighting in France ; 




some that he had been waylaid by robbers and 
murdered. 

It happened that one day the steward of the 
nobleman came into the mason's workshop, and he 

357 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

also asked the meaning of the ever-blooming crown 
of roses. Then the mason told him, as he had told 
the nobleman. 

Now the steward was a cunning man, and he 
thought within himself that he would go and try if 
he could get a kiss ; and if he did, and the leaves fell 
off, then this crown would be a great curiosity, and 
he would buy it, and go round the country in a van 
showing it, and make a great deal of money by it. 
He did not know that if once the leaves fell off, they 
would never come out again, and he thought that 
the wreath would answer just as well for his own 
wife as for that of the mason. 

So he also went a journey to the house where 
dwelt the mason's wife. He knocked at the door, 
and was admitted, and he began to flatter and praise 
the woman, and say all the honeyed things he could 
think of, and then, when he supposed that he had 
turned her head with his flattery, he popped out a 
petition that he might have a kiss. 

" Oh," said she, " how can you ask such a thing, 
when you have been stung by a bee on your lip, 
and it is swollen ? " 

" I did not know I had been stung," said he. 

" Go into the tower-room. You will find a mirror 
there. Look into it, and see for yourself." 

So he opened the door, walked in, and tumbled 
through the trap - door head over heels into the 
dungeon. 

When he came to himself, he was greatly astonished 
to see there his master hard at work, spinning thread. 
The steward asked whether it was not possible to 

358 



The Crown of White Roses 



get out, but his master said that there was no chance 
at all. 

After some time, the steward began to clamour 
for food. The mason's wife answered him through 
the trap-door, that she would give him none unless 
he earned it by swingling, that is to say, beating flax. 

The steward said, "Then have I wonder; 
Rather would I die of hunger, 

Without housel and shrift." 
The lord said, "So did I feel; 
But you'll work if you hunger well, 

And work what work is thee brought." 
The lord sat and did his work ; 
The steward sulked, it drew dark. 

Great sorrow was in his thought. 

The lord now shouted, and the woman came to 
the trap-door, and he said, " Dame, I have spun all 
the line, now let me have something to eat." 

He passed up what he had spun, and some dinner 
was let down to him. He ate up every scrap. 

The lord ate and drank fast, 

The steward hungered at the last, 

And said, "My lord, give me some." 
The lord said, "Not a morsel, not a sop, 
Shalt thou have go down thy throat. 

Nay — not so much as a crumb ; 
Unless thou help to swingle line (flax), 
Much hunger will be thine. 

So work — and cease thy moan." 

The steward was obliged to give in, he was 
famished. He entreated for work, and the woman 
threw in a great bundle of flax for him to beat with 

359 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

a rod, till he had made the fibre tender, and had 
beat away all the worthless matter. So the steward 
worked hard, battering with a stick on the hemp to 
disengage the fibre, and becoming hot and exhausted 
with his work. But as he could get no food till he 
had earned it, he did not dare to give over. 

It must now be told that the mason one day saw 
his wreath of roses all of a quiver, and then the 
flowers close up more like buds than full roses. He 
was much alarmed, and he pulled on his coat and 
put aside his tools to hasten away to his wife's 
assistance, when all at once the roses spread out 
again as before. 

There was great wonder when it was found that 
the steward had disappeared as well as the nobleman. 
And now the parish constable took the matter up, 
and began to inquire, and soon learned that the last 
that had been seen of the nobleman was on a market 
day, riding in the direction of the mason's house. 

On further inquiry, he learned that the last seen 
of the steward was by a shepherd who had observed 
him riding a mule into the yard of the mason's house. 

So he started on a donkey, and jogged along till 
he arrived at the old castle which had been turned 
into a house by the mason. And he tumbled off 
his ass, and kicked and hammered with his fists at 
the door till it was opened, and then he burst in, 
panting and blowing, and threw himself into a chair. 

When he had got his breath, he began to bluster 
and shout, " Where are the nobleman and the 
steward ? They have been seen coming this way. 
I am sure you have some knowledge as to where 

360 



The Crown of White Roses 

they are. I will see. I will have you hanged if 
you have made away with them." 

"If you think that I have done them harm, go 
and look all about my house," said the wife. " For 
my part, I think I have done them good." 

" I'll find out. I am a man of the law. I am 
parish constable. I'll ransack your house from attic 
to cellar." 

Then he dashed through the door into the tower- 
room, trod on the loose plank, and away he went 
head over heels down into the dungeon. 

When he came to his senses, he looked round and 
saw to his astonishment the nobleman spinning, and 
the steward swingling. 

The steward and also the knig-ht 
Said, " Constable, man of might, 

Come and sit us by." 
The constable began to stare, 
For he was, he knew not where. 

But well he knew the knight, 
And the steward working the flax. 
He said, "Sirs, may I ax 

What you do here, this night?" 
The steward answered, "Well may you fare, 
You came to see where we two were. 

Now help this linen to dight." 

The constable stormed and stamped about, and 
vowed he was not accustomed to do woman's work, 
and do it he would not. 

The steward answered that they were as good 
men as he, but they could not help themselves, work 
they must, or starve. 

The constable declared he would rather starve 

361 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

than do that sort of work, to which the steward 
retorted that he would whistle another tune presently. 

After a while the woman let down the basket, 
and the nobleman and steward sent up their tale of 
work, which was approved, and their food let down 
to them in return. Whereupon they set to eat 
ravenously, and ate up all, nor let the constable have 
a crumb of bread nor a drop of water. 

After some hours he became furiously hungry, 
and began to bellow and knock, and when the 
woman opened the trap-door, he called to her to let 
him have his task, for he could not withstand the 
pangs of hunger much longer. So she threw him down 
flax which he was to comb, or heckle, as it was called. 

Thus they sat and wroug-ht fast 
Till the week's days were past ; 

Then the wrig-ht, home came he. 
And as he came to his house side, 
He heard a noise that was not ryde (small), 

Of persons two or three. 
One of them combed line (flax), 
Another swyngled good and fine, 

Before the swyngling tree. 
The third did reel and spin, 
Meat and drink therewith to win, 

Great need thereof had he. 
Thus the wrig-ht stood hearkening" ; 
His wife aware of his coming-. 

All to meet him went she. 
"Dame," he said, ** what is this din? 
I hear a g-reat noise within. 

Tell me, sweet, with speed." 
"Sir," she said, "g-ood workmen three 
Are come to help both you and me." 

Then she took her husband by one hand ; in the 
362 



The Crown of White Roses 

other he carried the wreath of roses, all in full blow, 
and she led him into the house, and there the noise 
was greater. Next she conducted him into the 
tower-room, and here it was louder still. 

Then she raised the trap-door, and the mason 
looked down, and by the light of the lamp saw the 
constable with an iron comb heckling or combing 
out the flax that the steward with much labour had 
swingled, or beaten to fibre, and the nobleman sitting 
cross-legged in the straw, spinning, and whistling as 
he span. 

When the mason saw this, he dropped the trap- 
door in the floor, and went into a fit of laughter, till 
the tears ran down his cheeks. 

It was some time before he recovered himself 
sufficiently to look down again. Then he said — 

"Good sirs! what do you here?" 

They answered, " Earning- our meat dear 

With great travail and pain. 
We pray you help us to get out, 
And we will promise without doubt 

Never to come here again." 

Well, after a while he gave way, let down a strong 
cord, and pulled the men up one after the other. 

Then the lord opened his purse and poured out 
all the money in it into the hand of the mason, and 
said, " I shall never forget the lesson taught me 
by your wife. If a man will not work, neither shall 
he eat." 

Then the steward did the same ; he said, " I gladly 
give you my money, for you are a lucky man to 
have so wise and good a wife. I have learned one 

363 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

thing, A man may be over grasping, and so over- 
reach himself." 

And then the constable opened his purse, and 
gav^e all it contained to the mason, and said, " Take 
this, and hold your tongue about what has happened. 
If this gets abroad, all my consequence will be gone." 

Thus the \vrig"ht's g"arland was fau* of hue, 
And his wife was both clev^er and true, 

Whereat he was full blithe. 
And I take witness great and small, 
Such be most women, if not all, 

That now be alive. 

Note. — The lay here rewritten exists in MS. in the Lambeth 
Library, and was printed for the Early Eng-lish Text Society by 
Mr. Furnivall, 1865. The date of the poem is about 1460, for at 
the conclusion is an allusion, in connection with the "white roses," 
to the accession of Edward IV., and the triumph of the White 
Rose of the House of York over the Red Rose of the House of 
Lancaster. As an example of the spelling- I give the last lines. 

Here endyth the wryghtes processe trewe 
Wyth hys garland feyre of hewe 

That neuer dyd fade the coloure. 
It was made by the avjse 
Of hys wywes moder wytty and wyse 

Of flourys most of honoure. 
Of roses whyte that wylle nott fade, 
Whi'ch floure alle Ynglond doth glade 

Wyth trew loues medelyd in syght ; 
Unto the whych floure I wys 
The loue of God and of the comenys 

Subdued bene of rj-ght. 

The only alterations made in the story are such as seem 
necessary for adaptation to a child's tale. 



364 



XVI II 

THE BADGER IN THE BAG 



Powell was the name of a prince in South Wales, 
and he had his palace at Narberth. 

On the hill above his palace stood a grey old 
cairn of piled-up stones and of unknown antiquity. 

One day Powell was on the hill, when he said he 
would stand upon the cairn. Then some of his 
wise men said to him, " Sire, it is peculiar to that 
mound, that whoever sits on it shall come into some 
strange adventure." 

Then Powell went up the cairn, and seated 
himself on the top. 

Thereupon, all at once, he saw a beautiful lady 
on a snow-white horse, in a garment of gold tissue, 
come riding by. The horse seemed to move at an 
even pace, and to go slowly ambling. 

Powell said to his men, " Who can that lady be ? " 

None could answer him. 

Then he said, "Go one of you and salute her, 
and ask her name." 

367 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

And one of them arose, and came into the road 
to meet her, but she ambled past, and he followed 
as fast as he could, being on foot ; but in no way 
could he catch her up. Then, when he saw his 
efforts were in vain, he returned to Powell and said, 
" Sire, it is not possible for anyone to overtake her, 
he being on foot." 

" Then," said the prince, "go to the palace, and 
take the fleetest horse thou seest, and pursue her." 

The man took a horse, and went forward. And 
he came to an open, level plain, and put spurs to his 
horse ; and the more he urged his horse, the farther 
she seemed to be from him. Yet she held the same 
pace as at first. And his horse began to fail ; and 
when his horse failed him, he returned to the place 
where Powell was, and said, " Sire, it is of no avail 
for anyone to go after that lady. I know of no 
horse swifter than this, and it availed me nothing to 
pursue her." 

" Of a truth," said the prince, " some illusion is 
here." 

Next day he went forth again to the cairn on the 
hill, and before he ascended it, he stationed a young 
man near, ready mounted on his fleetest horse, and 
bade him ride after the lady the moment he gave 
the signal, should she again appear. 

Now no sooner was Powell seated on the cairn 
than once more the lady appeared, on the same 
white horse and in the same apparel, coming along 
the same road. 

Then Powell signed, and the young man put 
spurs into his horse ; but the lady trotted by, and 

368 



The Badger in the Bag 

though his horse strained in pursuit, yet was it not 
possible for him to come up with the lady. And 
the more he urged his horse, the farther she was from 
him. Yet she rode not faster than before. When 
he saw that it availed not to follow her, he returned 
to the place where Powell was. 

Next day Powell again went to the mound, but 
he had his own horse saddled and brought near, and 
a page held it. Now it fell out as before. No 
sooner had the prince seated himself, than he beheld 
the lady coming along the same road, in the same 
manner, and at the same pace. 

Thereat Powell jumped on his horse. And by 
the time he was seated, she had passed the mound. 
Then he pursued, but he gained nothing on her. 

Therefore he called, " Fair maiden ! for the sake 
of him thou lovest best, tarry for me." 

She answered, " I will tarry," and she drew rein. 
She threw back the veil that half covered her face ; 
and Powell thought that the beauty of all the 
maidens he ever had seen was as nothing to hers. 

" Lady," said he, " whence camest thou, and 
whither dost thou go ? " 

" I journey on my own errand," she answered. 

" And what is that ? " he further inquired. 

" I will answer truly," she said. " My chief desire 
was to find thee." 

" That is great pleasure for me to hear," he said. 
" But tell me who thou art." 

She answered, " I am Rhyannon, a princess, and 
my father seeks to marry me to one whom I hate 
and abhor ; and therefore, as I can obtain no help 
24 369 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

elsewhere, I have come this way, having heard of 
thy greatness and virtue, in the hopes that thou 
wouldst succour me." 

" That will I gladly," said Powell. 

" Then," said she, " ride on with all thy knights to 
my father's court, and ask him to give me to thee as 
wife in the place of Wall, son of Clud." 

He agreed to do so. 

Then he returned to his men, and they busked 
them in all their most splendid apparel, and rode 
with him to the palace of the king, the father of 
Rhyannon. Powell was well received, and he prepared 
for him a great feast, — for him and all his knights, 
and he seated Powell on one side. Rhyannon, the 
Fair May,^ was on the other side of Powell. And on 
the other side of the king, the father of the fair lady, 
sat Teirnon, Prince of Gwent, which is now called 
the Forest of Dean. 

Much red wine was drunk, and Powell's heart was 
lifted up, and he resolved, as soon as the feast was 
finished, to ask the hand of Rhyannon, the Fair May. 

But whilst he was thinking thereon, there entered 
the hall a tall, red-haired youth with a freckled face, 
and he was clothed in a garment of orange satin. 
He came before Powell, and saluted him. 

Powell knew not who he was, but he received his 
salutation well, and said, " Nay, but here on my 
left hand is the king — to him thou must make thy 
request. I am but his visitor." 

Then said the young man, " It is even to thee I 
came." 

^ May is an old Eng-lish word for maiden. 

2>7o 



The Badger in the Bag 

" Say then what thou hast to say," answered 
Powell. 

"It is this," said the red-haired youth. " Wilt 
thou promise on thy word of honour as a prince to 
do for me as I say ? " 

" I pass thee my princely word I will do so," said 
Powell. 

" Then," said the strange youth, " I ask thee to 
bid the king of this court give me his daughter 
Rhyannon to wife, at once, and that this feast be my 
wedding banquet and hers." 

Then Powell was silent, because of the promise he 
had made. 

And Rhyannon at his side exclaimed, " Never 
did man make a more foolish use of his word than 
thou. Know that this red-haired man is Wall, the 
son of Clud, whom I bade thee come and deliver me 
from, and now hast thou undertaken to give me 
unto him." 

Powell was sore abashed and troubled at heart. 

" Now," said she ; " it must be as thou hast said. 
Solicit the king, my father, to give me to Wall as 
wife, this day twelvemonth." 

" I cannot do this ! " exclaimed Powell. 

" Nay, but it must be so. Thou canst not go 
against thy princely word." 

Then Powell was constrained to do even as he 
had promised. And when he had spoken, then 
Rhyannon said, " Only this have I against it. The 
banquet has been prepared for Powell and his 
knights, and it ill befits that my wedding feast 
should be on the broken victuals that remain. It 

371 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

would be made a laughing matter throughout Wales, 
that Wall, son of Clud, and Rhyannon, the Fair May, 
made their wedding banquet off the half-gnawed 
bones and the cast-away crusts, and drained the 
dregs of the cups, after Powell and his men had eaten 
and drunken." 

Then Wall flushed red and said, " To this I 
agree. Let there be a new feast." 

" Be it so," said Rhyannon ; " and let our wedding 
feast be a twelvemonth from to-day." 

Then Wall, son of Clud, departed. 

After that Powell was sore distressed, and he 
could neither eat nor drink any more. 

Then Rhyannon, the Fair May, said to him, " Follow 
my counsel and do this. This day twelvemonth 
come to my wedding repast, and come in old rags. 
I will give thee a little bag, and bring this bag in 
thy hand. But bring also with thee a hundred 
knights, and conceal them among the apple-trees of 
this orchard that is before the palace. And when 
Wall is in the midst of his merriment, come thou in, 
clad in ragged garments, and holding the bag in 
thy hand, and ask nothing but a bagful of food, and 
I will cause that if all the meat and liquor that are 
in my father's realm were put into it, it would be no 
fuller than before. For I have a fairy godmother, 
and she will do this for me if I tell her my trouble, 
and ask her assistance. Then do thou complain 
that this bag will never be full until a man of noble 
birth and great wealth arise and press the food in 
the bag with both his feet, saying, ' Enough has 
been put in.' I will cause Wall to go and tread 

17^ 



The Badger in the Bag 

down the food in the bag, and when he does this, 
turn thou the bag, so that he shall be up over his 
head in it, and then slip a knot upon the thongs of 
the bag. Then blow a blast of thy bugle-horn, and 
let this be a signal for all thy knights to rise up out 
of the orchard and come in." 

So Powell rode back to his possessions in the 
south of Wales ; and he carried with him the bag 
that Rhyannon, the Fair May, had given him, and 
tarried till the time appointed. 

Then Powell waited only till he knew that Wall 
had departed for his wedding, and then he bade his 
knights be ready, and they rode till they came to 
the orchard, and then they concealed themselves, 
they and their horses. But as for Powell, he clad 
himself in coarse and ragged garments, and wore 
large clumsy old shoes upon his feet, and threw the 
old bag over his shoulder. 

When he heard that there was hard drinking and 
great merriment in the hall, he entered and went in, 
and bowed himself to and saluted the bridegroom, 
W^all, son of Clud. 

Wall said, "Well, beggar man, what lackest thou?" 

" Meat, sir, meat," answered Powell, " for my bag." 

" Thou shalt have as much as will fill it," said 
Wall. 

" Is that thy solemn word and oath ? " asked 
Powell. 

" Ay, I give thee my word thereto," answered 
Wall. 

Then Powell began to clear off everything from 
the board, and it seemed as though the bag would 

373 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

never be full. Then Wall called for all the stores 
in the palace, but they sufficed not. 

Rhyannon said to him, " Sir, that bag will never 
be filled, even though all the food in all my father's 
realm were cast into it, unless some man of noble 
birth step in and stamp on its contents with his 
feet. Do thou enter and tread it together, that thou 
be not brought to shame through being unable to 
perform thy promise to a ragged beggar man." 

Then Wall sprang from his seat and said to the 
beggar, " Hold open the mouth of the sack." 

Powell did so, and Wall stepped in. 

No sooner was he in the sack than Powell drew it 
up over his head, and tied a knot fast in the thongs, 
and then blew a blast on his bugle-horn, and his 
knights came leaping in ; and they seized the men 
who had come with Wall, and bound them, and cast ^ 
them into prison. Powell threw off his old rags ' 
and his rough shoes, and he cast down the sack 
with Wall in it for his knights to strike at, and 
every knight, as he came in, asked, " What is there 
in that bag ? " 

Then Powell answered, "A badger." And each 
knight struck the bag either with his foot or with a 
staff. And some said, " What game is this you are 
playing ? " And they answered, " This is the merry 
game of the Badger in the Bag." 

Wall, who was within, cried out at every stroke, 
and at last he pleaded, " Sire, release me. I would 
not be slain, kicked to death in a sack." 

" Well, then," said Powell, " what dost thou bid for 
thy life ? " 

374 



The Badger in the Bag 

Then said Rhyannon, " Hearken, and take my 
counsel. Give me up to Powell, and think no more 
to have me as thy wife, then will he let the badger 
out of the bag." 

" I will do this gladly," said Wall. 

" And I will accept this," answered Powell. 

Thereupon Powell loosed the strings and let Wall 
crawl out. But Rhyannon would have held his 
hand, and she said, " Always art thou too hasty. 
Thou hast let him escape without making him swear 
not to take vengeance for what has been done to 
him. Now I greatly fear that we shall suffer for 
this." 

It was now too late to alter matters, for Wall was 
out of the sack, and, crawling and muttering threats, 
he had left the room. 

Then the feast was continued with great merri- 
ment, and Rhyannon was made the wife of Powell 
instead of the wife of Wall, and when the feast was 
ended, she and Powell, attended by his hundred 
knights, rode to his kingdom in South Wales, and 
to his palace at Narberth, where a great banquet 
was made ready for them. There came to that 
great numbers of the chief men, and most of the 
noble ladies of the land ; and there was not one to 
whom Rhyannon did not give some rich present 
either a bracelet, or a ring, or a precious stone 
And Powell ruled the land prosperously both that 
year and the next, and then Rhyannon became the 
mother of a beautiful babe. 

Now she at once sent to her fairy godmother 
who bade her be very watchful, for Wall, son of Clud 

375 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

was full of malice, and he would seek to carry away 
the babe, in revenge for his treatment in the bag. 

Accordingly, women were appointed to watch the 
babe both night and day. 

It must be related that Wall, son of Ckid, had 
returned home full of rage and vows of vengeance 
for the treatment he had received, both the losing 
of his wife and the badger baiting. There lived 
an old witch in the Black Mountains, and on his 
return home he went forth and consulted her. She 
was thought to be the most powerful witch in all 
Britain. She could make rocks dance, and trees 
stand with their roots in the air, and the waves of 
the sea to foam blood. 

Then she said to him, " In time there will be a 
son born to Powell and Rhyannon. Do thou take 
that occasion to steal the child away." 

" How is that to be done ? " asked Wall. 

" There will be seven nurses appointed to watch the 
cradle. Do thou disguise thyself as a woman and offer 
thyself to be nurse. Then take this snuff-box, and 
when in the room, offer snuff to all those there, and say 
that it will clear the brain, and it will send all to sleep. 
Then haste away with the babe, and bring it to me." 

" And how shall I pay thee for this advice ? " 
asked Wall. 

" In this way," answered the witch. " I am 
especially partial to horse-flesh. Every month you 
must bring me a young foal, or a horse, for my 
eating." 

" I will do that," said W^all. 

Now when the little prince was born to Powell, 



The Badger in the Bag 

there were seven nurses appointed, and when Wall, 
dressed in female garments, applied, he was told 
that the number was made up. Nevertheless, he 
was nothing daunted, but tarried near the palace. 
After three days and nights of watching, the nurses 
became tired, and they wished that they could get 
away for a walk in the fields, or for sleep, to lie down 
for a little while ; and as nothing had happened to 
alarm them, they thought that the precautions taken 
were somewhat unnecessary. Then Wall offered 
to relieve the nurses one after another during the 
night, and they gladly accepted the offer. So he 
took the place of the first nurse. Then Rhyannon 
looked hard at him, and said, " Who is this red- 
haired tall woman who has come ? " 

They said that she was a nurse come to relieve the 
one who had gone home, as she was summoned to 
see her husband, who was ill. 

All that night Rhyannon watched, and never took 
her eyes off the strange nurse. 

The second night, another nurse begged to be 
excused, and Wall took her place. Rhyannon was 
uneasy. She thought that she had seen the freckled 
face somewhere, and could not recall to whom it had 
belonged. All night she kept her eyes open, watch- 
ing the cradle and the strange nurse. 

Then Wall was afraid of being known, so he dyed 
his face with walnut-juice, and darkened his hair, 
and changed his dress to another colour, and offered 
himself as substitute, and was again accepted, for 
now the third nurse wished to be relieved. 

That night the child cried, and Wall endeavoured 
377 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

to still it. Rhyannon listened to her voice, and 
thought she knew its tones, but could recall no 
woman who spoke like this strange dark woman. 
She was anxious, and did not sleep a wink all night. 

Then Wall swallowed chalk to make his voice 
soft, and offered himself for the fourth night, and 
was again taken, for once more a nurse desired to 
be released. 

That night Rhyannon remained awake again, for 
she had noticed the eyes of the strange woman, and 
there was in them a cunning and a treacherousness 
that alarmed her. So she watched throughout the 
night. 

Then Wall put a green shade over his eyes, lest 
they should be seen, and disguised himself as an old 
woman, and offered to take the place of the fifth 
nurse, and was accepted. 

But still Rhyannon could not sleep. She watched, 
and she wondered that one who was bowed double 
with age should have such smooth cheeks and 
hands, and no wrinkles anywhere. 

Then Wall took a bit of charcoal and drew it 
over his cheeks and hands and brow, and so seemed 
to be full of wrinkles and age ; and he was accepted 
the sixth night. But this time, as he walked about 
with the babe to lull it to sleep, Rhyannon saw 
below the gown a pair of man's boots with gold 
spurs, and this alarmed her, and she could not sleep, 
but watched the whole night. 

And on the seventh night, Wall had taken off his 
boots and put on slippers, and Rhyannon was heavy 
v\4th sleep, and as there was now nought to alarm 

378 



The Badger in the Bag 

her, she slept. And as she slept, the seven nurses 
talked, and complained how great was the restraint 
put upon them, and how this watching wearied them. 

Then Wall took out the snuff-box and offered 
each a pinch, " for," said he, '' this will clear your 
brains." The nurses took a pinch each, and hardly 
had they snuffed before they were asleep. 

Then Wall stole out of the room, cast aside his 
female disguise, mounted his horse, and, carrying the 
baby, rode away to the Black Mountains, and gave 
the little prince to the old hag. 

Now the nurses awoke before dawn, and looked 
in the cradle, and found that the child was gone. 
Then they were greatly alarmed, and they said one 
to another, " We shall be burned or hanged because 
of the child." 

Then said one of the nurses, " This is what I 
advise. There is a stag-hound bitch, and she has 
a litter of whelps. I>et us kill some of the cubs, 
and rub the blood on the face and hands of Rhyannon, 
and lay the bones in the cradle, and let us declare 
that she has devoured her son, and she alone will 
not be able to gainsay us six." 

And according to this counsel, so was it settled. 

Towards morning Rhyannon awoke, and said, 
" Where is my baby boy ? " 

" Lady," said the nurses, " do not ask after your 
child, for you ate him in the night, and we tried in 
vain to deliver him from you. See your hands are 
dyed in his blood, and his bones are in the cradle." 

Rhyannon cried out that she was falsely accused 
of this. But what was her word against six ? 

379 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Then there was great commotion in the realm, 
and the nobles came together, and demanded that 
Powell should condemn his wife to be burned alive 
for the crime she had committed. But to this he 
would never consent. So a council was held, and 
it was ordered, by advice of the bishop, tliat she 
should do penance for seven years, and that if she 
spake the truth, God would reveal it, and relieve her 
of the penance. And the penance to which the 
nobles consented was this, that she should sit every 
day on a horse-block near the palace gate, and that 
every guest who came to the gate she should offer 
to carry within on her back. 

And this was imposed on her. She sat daily at 
the gate, but never did any guest come who was so 
uncourteous as to insist that she should carry him 
within on her back. 

Thus passed half the year. 

Now all this while the witch of the Black 
Mountains had been feeding on the colts and horses 
of the stud of Wall, son of Clud. And she had 
acquired such a craving for horse-flesh, that nothing 
else would satisfy her. But by this time she had 
eaten up all the horses and mares and colts that 
Wall had, and he was not able to give her any more. 
And yet she was ravenous, and though he offered 
her bullocks and calves, she rejected them. She 
said that she would eat horse-flesh and nothing else, 
and she bade him go and see where there was a 
stud from which she could obtain what she wanted. 

Then he said, " Teirnon, King of Gwent, has a 
notable stud, but he will never sell any of his 

380 



The Badger in the Bag 

horses, not for half a kingdom. They are all white, 
with red ears. But how to get them, I know not." 

Now it fell out that Teirnon had a beautiful mare, 
that was quite unsurpassed in the kingdom. On the 
night of the first of May she foaled, and no one 
knew what became of the foal — it was spirited 
away. 

One night Teirnon talked with his wife, and said 
to her, " That will be a sad thing if our mare foal 
every year and we lose all her colts. I will watch 
and see what becomes of her foals." 

So, next time the mare foaled, Teirnon watched, 
and he saw an old woman's hand with claws to 
every finger come in through the window and lay 
hold of the colt. Then he drew his sword and 
hewed, and cut the hand off at the wrist. 

There ensued great wailing without ; so he ran 
out of the stable, and, sure enough, there was an old 
witch with one of her hands cut off. She begged 
and entreated him to give her back the hand he had 
struck off. Then he asked her what she would give 
him if he restored to her the hand, and she said that 
she would give him the most beautiful babe in the 
world. 

To that he agreed, and he brought out her hand, 
and she put it to the stump, and it grew on as if it 
had never been cut off, only a red line remained to 
mark where the gash had been. 

Then, at once, she went and brought him a child, 
and as fair a child he never had seen. It was 
wrapped around in a mantle of satin. Then he 
took the child to his wife, and, because they had no 

3S1 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

son, they adopted him as their own. And because 
his hair was as yellow as gold, they called him 
Euryn, which in the Welsh tongue signifies " The 
Golden." 

They had the boy nursed in the court until he 
was a year old. And before he was a year old he 
could walk. He was larger than a boy of three 
years ; and the boy was nursed the second year, and 
then he was as large as a child of six. 

But it fell out that again was a colt taken away. 
For it was so that the witch of the Black Mountains 
had found the white foal with red ears that she had 
snatched away ten times better eating than any 
other she had tasted, and at last the craving came 
on her so strongly, that, notwithstanding the risk 
she ran, she could not restrain herself from carrying 
off another. 

Then Teirnon was wroth, and said he would 
watch again. 

And his wife said to him, " We do not know 
whose child this is that has been given to us. Yet 
is it quite clear that he is of princely birth, and the 
more I look on him, the more he resembles in my 
eyes the Prince Powell of South Wales. Now, the 
garments in which he was folded were of silk, richly 
embroidered. All this shows that he is of illustrious 
birth, and we do wrong to retain him, if by any 
fashion we can understand who he really is. If, 
then, you succeed in detecting the witch stealing 
your colt, then constrain her to say who the 
babe is." 

To this Teirnon agreed, and he watched in the 
382 



The Badger in the Bag 

stable on the night of the first of May when his mare 
had foaled. 

Then all at once through the window came a long 
lean arm, and every finger had on it a claw like that 
of a bird, and it laid hold of the colt. Thereupon 
the king smote, and cut off the hand, and the stump 
was withdrawn, and there ensued wailing without. 
So he ran outside and found the witch crying and 
hugging her wounded, mutilated arm. She begged 
him to restore to her the hand he had cut off. He 
agreed to do this if she would tell him whose son she 
had given him. 

Then she said, " It is the child of Rhyannon and 
Powell that was carried off from the cradle." 

Thereat Teirnon restored to her the cut-off hand, 
and she replaced it, and all that remained to show 
that it had been hewn away was a red line round 
her wrist. 

But Teirnon went to his wife and told her all. 
Then they agreed to take the child to his true 
parents. And he could now ride. So they gave to 
him the milkwhite colt with red ears that had first 
been clutched hold of by the witch, when her 
hand was cut off, and redeemed by the present of 
the baby boy. 

So Teirnon and his wife went to South Wales, 
and they took with them the lad, riding on his young 
horse, white, with red ears. 

And when they arrived at the palace of Powell, 
there at the door sat Rhyannon on the horse-block. 
And she rose and offered to carry them within. But 
to this they would not consent. 

383 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Then was a feast spread to welcome them ; and 
at the feast Teirnon rehearsed all the story of how 
he had got the child, and how he discovered who it 
was ; and he spread his silken garments before Powell, 
that he might see and know that what he said was 
sooth. 

Then was there great joy and rejoicing. The six 
false nurses who had slandered the queen were 
sentenced to lose their heads. 

Rhyannon said, " My son shall be called Pryder, 
for he is a child of sorrow and distress of mind." ^ 

Note. — The story of Pwyll, Prince of Dyved, in the Mabinogion. 
I have somewhat worked up the subtlety of Wall (Gwawll) and 
his taking- away of the babe, as this is all very incomplete in the 
original, and the clawed hand lacks connection in the tale. The 
story was first translated for the Cambrian Register, and it also 
appeared in Jone's Welsh Bards. It then appeared in Lady 
Charlotte Guest's Edition of the Mabinogion. Dyved, of which 
Pwyll was king, is the region of the Dimetse of the Romans, the 
modern Pembrokeshire. If there ever existed such a person, his 
date is as problematical as his existence. 

^ Pryder in Welsh signifies anxiety. 



384 



25 



XIX 

THE FOUR FRIENDS 



The story has been told of the birth of Pryder. 
Now I am going to tell something further about him 
and his mother Rhyannon. This noble lady had 
lost her husband and Pryder his father, Powell, of 
whom the story has been related. Then by Pryder's 
advice she was married to a grave and honourable 
man called Manawhiddan, for whom Pryder enter- 
tained a warm affection and respect. 

Pryder was married to a beautiful lady of the 
name of Kicva, and she became as fond of Rhyannon 
as Pryder her husband was of Manawhiddan. 

It must not be supposed that Wall, son of Clud, 
had borne his discomfiture with an easy mind. He 
could neither forget nor forgive the game of Badger 
in the Bag, that had been played with him. So he 
went away into Scotland, to a great magician, and 
remained with him for twenty years, studying the 
black art, till at last he was accomplished in necro- 
mancy. Then he came back into Britain, and at 

387 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

once resolved on revenging himself for the past 
offences on Rhyannon and on Pryder, the son of 
Powell. 

One day, when they were all at Narberth, there 
came on a terrific thunderstorm, and with it a 
mist so thick that no one could see a few feet before 
him. 

After some hours the mist cleared away, and then 
there was light. Pryder and Manawhiddan looked 
around, and could see no one except their two wives. 
All their men and servants, had vanished and all 
the country was without people, and like a desert, 
uninhabited. 

" Where are all those of the court ? " cried 
Manawhiddan ; " and where are all our men ? Let us 
go and look for them." 

They entered the hall, and there was no man. 
They went into the bedrooms, no one was there ; 
they entered the kitchen, all the servants had 
vanished. There was nothing anywhere but desola- 
tion and solitude. 

They tarried several days, wondering what this 
signified, and doubtful what to do. No living man 
or woman was to be seen, so Pryder and his step- 
father hunted, and in the evening they feasted ; they 
fed on what they killed in hunting, and on the honey 
of wild swarms of bees. 

Thus passed a whole year, and then a second, 
and then they became weary of solitude; so they 
departed, and travelled, and crossed the river Wye, 
and came into England, and they did not halt till 
they arrived in Hereford. 

388 



I 



The Four Friends 

They knew no one there, and they were known to 
none, so, to maintain themselves and their wives, 
they worked at making saddles, and as they were 
skilful in the art of enamelling, they made rich 
housings for horses, and gilded them, and laid on 
blue enamel. 

Their work was greatly admired, and at last no 
noble or gentleman would buy any saddles except 
such as had been made by the Welsh strangers. 

Thus they drew away the trade from the English 
saddlers of Hereford. These were angry, and plotted 
to waylay and murder them. But they were warned 
of this by a servant, and they took counsel together, 
and resolved to depart. 

So they went to Tewkesbury 

" What craft shall we exercise here ? " asked 
Pryder. 

" We will make shields," answered Manawhiddan. 

" Do you know anything of the craft ? " asked 
Pryder. 

" We will try," answered his stepfather. " I 
learned something of the art and of enamel painting 
from Lassar, who was driven out of Ireland by King 
Matholuc, and who came into Britain." 

So they set to work and made shields, and they 
made beautiful shields, and enamelled them as they 
had done the saddles. They prospered exceedingly, 
so that no knight would buy a shield of any 
armourer, but only of these Welsh strangers. Thus 
they spoiled the trade for the native craftsmen. 
Thereat the armourers were jealous, and they resolved 
to fall on them and murder them. 

389 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

Again, happily, they were forewarned, and they 
escaped out of that town, and went south, and came 
to Gloucester, and they entered in to dwell there. 

" What craft shall we adopt ? " asked Pryder. 

" Let us make shoes," answered Manawhiddan. 

" Do you know anything about shoemaking ? " 
asked Pryder. 

" A little — we can but try, and do our best," 
answered his stepfather. " I will teach you to stitch. 
We will not dress the leather ourselves, but will buy 
it ready dressed." 

So they did this. They purchased the best 
leather they could obtain, and they associated 
themselves with a good goldsmith, and caused him 
to make clasps for the shoes, and to gild the clasps. 
And when they had observed and seen how this was 
done, then they set to work themselves and made 
shoes with buckles and clasps richly gilt and inlaid 
with enamel ; and these became so popular in the 
country round, that at last none, neither ladies nor 
gentlemen, would buy any shoes of any cobblers, but 
only of the Welsh strangers. So the shoemakers 
resolved to surround them and stab them to death 
with their bradawls. But they got wind of what 
was intended, and though they had no fear of 
the cobblers, yet they deemed it best not to be 
in a brawl, so they left Gloucester and returned into 
Wales, and into that part whence they had come. 

They returned to Narberth, and all was as they 
had left it. No men or women were there. Thistles 
and nettles grew in the palace court, and owls and 
bats haunted the towers. 

390 



The Four Friends 

They kindled a fire, and the two men hunted, and 
the two women cooked what was killed in hunting. 
And so time passed. 

One morning Pryder and IManawhiddan rose up 
to hunt, and ranged their dogs, and went forth. 
Then some of the dogs ran ahead and began to yelp 
and leap about a bush, and when the two men came 
up, their dogs backed towards them with their hair 
bristling. 

" Let us go to the bush, and see what is there," 
said Pryder. 

Then they saw a wild boar, white as snow. 

They set on their dogs, but he made a stand for a 
while, and then broke away and ran, and all the dogs 
after him. The two men pursued, till they came to 
a castle, newly built, in a place where hitherto no- 
thing had stood, and into this rushed the boar, and 
the dogs after him. 

Then Pryder said, " I will go in and see what has 
become of the dogs and the boar." 

But Manawhiddan said, " This does not seem to 
me to be wise. Be ruled by me, and do not make 
this adventure. Whoever has cast a spell over the 
land, has caused this castle to be built." 

" I cannot give up my dogs," said Pr^'der, and he 
went forward. 

He entered the castle, but could neither see nor 
hear his dogs. Indeed, he saw no one man even. 

In the central court of the castle was a fountain 
of cr^^stal water and a marble breastwork round it, 
and on this rested a golden bowl. 

Pryder was thirsty, and he dipped the bowl in the 
391 



The Old English Fairy Tales | 

water, and at once his feet became rooted to the floor, 
and he could not withdraw his hand from the bowl. 
He was as one frozen, and speechless and motion- 
less. And thus he stood. 

Manawhiddan waited for him till sunset, and then 
returned to the palace, without any tidings of Pryder 
or of the dogs. 

As he entered, his w^ife Rhyannon looked at him, 
and said, " What has happened to my son Pryder ? " 
Manawhiddan told her. 

She exclaimed, " A bad companion are you not to 
look better after him ! " 

Then she went forth in the direction of the castle, 
and when she found it, she at once entered, and, see- 
ing Pryder in the courtyard holding the golden bowl, 
she laid her hand on him, and at once was fast 
rooted to the slab of stone on which she stood, and 
her hand was as it were glued to her son, and she 
could neither speak nor stir. 

Then night came on, and when morning dawned, 
no trace of the castle could be discovered, and Pryder 
and Rhyannon had vanished. 

Manawhiddan and Kicva, the wife of Pryder, 
searched everywhere, and found nothing ; then Kicva 
was sad and sorrowful, and she cared not whether she 
lived or died. 

Manawhiddan saw how unhappy his stepdaughter 
was, and he bade her not be downcast, he would 
search and not give over till he had discovered those 
who had vanished so mysteriously. 

Manawhiddan did not consider that much good 
would ensue if they remained where they were, so he 

392 



The Four Friends 

and Kicva departed for English land, even to Bath, 
and Manawhiddan again took to making shoes, and 
he taught his stepdaughter to sew the leathers. He 
made and enamelled gilded clasps as he had done at 
Gloucester, and with the same result, that all the nobles 
and great ladies would buy no other shoes, but such as 
were made by him and Kicva. They remained 
where they were for a twelvemonth, and then the 
shoemakers became envious, and took counsel to 
murder them. Manawhiddan had news of this, and 
so he and Kicva left and returned into Wales. 

Now when he went back, he carried a load of 
wheat on his back ; and he carried it to Narberth, 
where he had been before. As he had lost all his 
dogs, he could no longer hunt ; and he resolved to 
sow the wheat, and in the meanwhile, till it was 
grown and ripe, to sustain life by fishing, and by 
trapping birds and beasts, and by collecting roots and 
berries. He fenced in three fields, and in them he 
sowed the wheat he had brought out of England. 
The corn grew, and gave great promise of a harvest. 
At last it turned yellow, and Manawhiddan went to 
look at his cornfields, and said — " To-morrow I will 
reap the first of my crofts." 

Next morning he rose early and went forth, with 
sickle in hand, and Kicva followed him, to bind up the 
sheaves as he cut. 

But what was their astonishment and dismay to 
see nothing in the croft but bare straw — every ear 
had been cut off. 

Then he went to the second field and said, " I 
will reap this to-morrow." 

393 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

And on the morrow he came to reap it, and found 
that it had been dealt with in the same fashion. 
Nothing remained but straw — all the ears of corn had 
been taken away. 

He was very wroth, and said, " Evil betide me 
if I do not watch the third field all night. Who- 
ever carried off the corn from the two fields will 
endeavour to carry off the harvest from this one 
also." 

So he went at nightfall to watch the croft. 

At midnight he heard a strange trampling and 
rustling sound, and he looked from his hiding-place, 
and saw a vast horde of field-mice coming on, so vast 
that there seemed to be no end to them. And this 
swarm fell on his field, and a mouse ran up each 
straw, and nibbled off an ear. There was not a 
single stalk of wheat all through the field that had 
not a mouse on it. 

Then the mice scampered off, carrying the ears of 
corn with them, and leaving bare straw. 

In wrath Manawhiddan sprang from his hiding- 
place and pursued the mice. But they ran so fast 
that he could not catch them, with the exception of 
one which was dragging along a larger ear of wheat 
than the rest, and would not drop it. Yet it ran 
fast. But presently the corn-ear caught in a briar, 
and as the mouse stayed to disentangle it, Mana- 
whiddan put down his hand and laid hold of it. It 
squealed and bit and struggled to escape, but all was 
of no use ; he opened his glove, put the mouse 
within, and fastened the glove by a string, so that the 
little creature might not escape. 

394 



The Four Friends 

Then he returned to the ruinous palace in which 
he Hved, and showed what he had caught, and told 
the story to Kicva. " See," said he, " here I have a 
thief that has been robbing me ! " 

" What will you do with the mouse ? " she asked. 

" I shall hang it as a thief. I wish I had 
captured the rest, and then I would hang them 
all." 

Kicva pitied the little squeaking mouse, and she 
said, " Stepfather, let the mouse run away. It is 
but one, and it hardly seems dignified for a great 
noble like you to be setting up gallows on which to 
do execution on a poor little mouse." 

" Woe betide me," answered Manawhiddan, " if 1 
would not be executioner to them all if I could but 
catch them." 

So then he went up the hill above Narberth, and 
he said that he would make an example of this 
mouse. He ascended the grey old cairn on the top 
of the hill, and, as may be remembered from the story 
of the Bagging of the Badger, no man might do this 
without seeing some v.'onderful sight and meeting 
with an adventure. Manawhiddan set up two forked 
sticks on the top of the old cairn, and put a piece of 
wood across between the forks. It was all not above 
eighteen inches high. That was to be the gallows. 
Then he took a piece of twine and prepared to make 
a noose of it. He had his glove looped round his 
left wrist, and in the glove was the frightened squeak- 
ing mouse, that seemed to be aware what was being 
done. 

Whilst Manawhiddan was thus engaged, he saw a 
395 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

scholar coming towards him in poor and tattered 
garments. It was now seven years since Mana- 
whiddan had seen any man in that place, except only 
his companions. He therefore suspected some 
enchantment, and resolved to be cautious. 

The scholar saluted him, and, standing below the 
mound of stones, said, " My lord, good day." J 

" I wish you the same," answered Manawhiddan, 
without interrupting that on which he was engaged. 
" Whence come you ? " 

" I come from England," answered the scholar. 
" Why do you ask ? " 

" Because for the last seven years I have seen no 
man or woman in this place, save my wife and 
stepson and stepdaughter. And two of these are 
now gone." 

The scholar said, " What are you at work on there, 
sir ? " 

" I am about to hang a thief," answered Mana- 
whiddan. 

" And what manner of thief is that ? " asked the 
stranger. 

" You shall see," said Manawhiddan. He opened 
the glove and took the little creature in his hand 
and held it fast. 

The scholar looked hard at it, and it appeared to 
Manawhiddan that the mouse looked at the scholar. 

Then said the latter, " Truly, sir, I see a mouse in 
your hand, and verily it seems to me an unbecoming 
thing of a king's son to be strangling mice." 

" Unbecoming or not, I intend to do it," answered 
Manawhiddan. " I only wish I had a thousand of 

396 



The Four Friends 

these thieves, and you would see the whole mound 
bristle with gallows." 

" Rather than that I should see a man of your 
rank so demean himself," said the scholar, " I will 
give you a pound if you will set the mouse free." 

" Keep the pound to get yourself a fresh coat," 
said the Welsh prince. "It surprises me to behold a 
man in rags like yourself so solicitous for the life of 
a mouse." 

Then the scholar without more ado walked on his 
way. 

Now Manawhiddan tried the crossbeam between 
the forks, to ascertain if it would hold the mouse, and 
he cut a little notch in it for the string. Then he 
saw a priest coming up the hill, riding on a horse 
covered with trappings. 

" Good day to thee, lord," said the priest. 

Manawhiddan returned his salute, and wondered 
yet more in himself that he should see another 
stranger on that morning, when all hitherto had been 
desolate and without inhabitants. 

" Why, my lord," said the priest, " what work are 
you engaged upon ? " 

" I am hanging a thief that I caught robbing me." 

" What manner of thief? " asked the priest. 

" See, this is it," said Manawhiddan, and he showed 
the mouse, that began to struggle and squeal in his 
hand so soon as it saw the priest. 

" Sir," exclaimed the newcomer, " I do not like to see 
a man of your rank exercising the hangman's office." 

" W^hy nDt ? " asked Manawhiddan. "If thieves 
steal my corn, they shall die a thief's doom." 

397 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

" Rather than that," said the priest, '' I will give 
you three pounds." 

" Keep your three pounds towards a bell for 
your church, sir priest," said Manawhiddan. " I am 
by no means disposed to give up or to sell the 
mouse." Then the priest went his way. 

Just as he was noosing the string round the neck 
of the mouse, he saw a bishop's retinue, with his 
sumpter-horses and his attendants, ride up the hill. 
Then Manawhiddan wondered yet more, and he kept 
a faster grip than ever on the mouse. He looked at 
the bishop and said, " Give me thy blessing, my 
lord bishop." 

The bishop said, " My blessing be on thee. But 
what art thou engaged upon ? " 

Manawhiddan answered, " I am stringing up a 
thief whom I caught stealing my corn." 

The bishop said, " I will gladly give you seven 
pounds if you will let the mouse run away." 

" I will not set it free for twice that sum." 

" Then, rather than that the mouse should be hung, 
I will even give twenty pounds," said the bishop. 

" I will not set it free for that sum," answered 
Manawhiddan. 

"If thou wilt let the mouse go free," said the 
bishop, " I will give thee all the horses that thou 
seest, and the seven loads of baggage on the seven 
horses." 

" Not for that will I liberate the mouse." 

" Then," said the bishop angrily, " name thy price." 
And he stamped his foot, and his headgear fell on 
one side, and Manawhiddan saw that he had red 

398 



The Four Friends 

hair, and he suspected he had to do with Wall, the son 
of Clud. So he thought a moment and then said, 
" If I let the mouse run away, I must have Rhyannon 
and Pryder set free." 

" It shall be so," said the bishop, or rather Wall 
who was disguised as one. " I will set them free." 

" That is not sufficient," continued Manawhiddan ; 
" I will not let loose the mouse for that alone. I 
must have the spell taken off the land." 

" That also shall be done." 

" That does not suffice," continued ]\Ianawhiddan, 
and he pinched the mouse so that it squealed. " I 
must know both \\ho you are, and who is the 
mouse." 

*' That also }-ou shall have," said the disguised 
bishop. " I am Wall, the son of Clud, and I have 
done all this evil to thee and thine, because I would 
be avenged for the Badgering in the Bag. And as 
to the mouse, she is my wife. I transformed all my 
household into mice, and they have destroyed all thy 
corn. If we could have driven thee and thy stepson 
out of the land, I would have taken it as my princi- 
pality. Now, let the mouse, my wife, free." 

" That I will not do yet," said Manawhiddan, and 
he nipped the ear of the mouse between his finger 
and thumb nail, and it squealed pitifully. " First you 
must swear to me not to put any more spells on the 
land." 

" To that also I agree," said Wall. " Now release 
the mouse, my wife." 

" Not yet," answered Manawhiddan. " Before I 
open my hand and let her run, you must swear not 

399 



The Old English Fairy Tales 

in any way to avenge what has been done upon me 
or Pryder or any of our race." 

" All this shall be," said Wall. " And truly you 
have done well in exacting this." 

" That I know," said Manawhiddan ; " therefore did 
I keep hold of the mouse." 

" Let her go now." 

" Not till all be as covenanted between us. 
Where are Pryder and Rhyannon." 

" Behold, here they come," said Wall. 

Then, all at once, the two lost ones stood before 
them. The country appeared no longer desert, but 
cultivated, and filled with people. 

Thereupon Manawhiddan opened his hand, and 
out ran — not a mouse, but a beautiful lady. Then 
she was mounted on a palfrey, and rode away ; and 
she and Wall were seen no more. 

Note. — The story of Manawyddan, son of Llyr, is in the Mabino- 
gion. The only alteration made in it is to make the magician into 
Gwawl in place of Llwyd, son of Kilcoed, the friend of Gwawl, and 
this is done for the simplification of the story. 

The story of the mice is doubtless a reminiscence of an old myth 
relative to souls, which in many mythologies are supposed to take 
the form of mice. Apollo Smintheus was the sun-god in his cha- 
racter of guardian of departed spirits ; so also St. Gertrude is 
represented with mice, because in art she has inherited the attri- 
butes of Perchta, the Teutonic goddess of the dead. 



MORRISON AND GIEP., PRINTERS, EDINBURGH. 



A LIST OF NEW BOOKS 

AND ANNOUNCEMENTS OF 

METHUEN AND COMPANY 

PUBLISHERS : LONDON 

36 ESSEX STREET 

W.C. 



CONTENTS 






PAGi 


FORTHCOMING BOOKS, . 






2 


POKTRY, .... 






10 


ENGLISH CLASSICS, 






12 


HISTGRT, ... 






13 


BIOGRAPHY, 






15 


GENERAL LITERATORE, 






i6 


THEOLOGY, 






17 


LEADERS or RELIGION, 






19 


WORKS BY S. BARING GOULD. . 






19 


FICTION, 






21 


BOOKS FOR BOYS AND GIRLS, . 






29 


THE PEACOCK LIBRARY, 






29 


UNIVBRSITY EXTENSION SERIES, 






30 


SOCIAL QUESTIONS OF TO-DAY, 






31 


CLASSICAL TRANSLATIONS, . 






32 



SEPTEMBER 1895 



September 1895. 



Messrs. Methuen^s 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 



Poetry and Belles Lettres 

RUDYARD KIPLING 
BALLADS. By Rudyard Kipling. Crown Zvo. Buckram. 6j. 

Also 200 copies on hand-made paper. 7.1s. 
Also 35 copies on Japanese vellum. d^2s. 

The exceptional success of ' Barrack-Room Ballads,' with which this volume will be 
uniform, justifies the hope that the new book too will obtain a wide popularity. 

W. E. HENLEY 
ENGLISH LYRICS. Selected and Edited by W. E. Henley. 
Croivn Svo. Buckram. 6s. 
Also 30 copies on hand-made paper Demy Svo. 21s. 
Few announcements will be more welcome to lovers of English verse than the one 
that Mr. Henley is bringing together into one book the finest lyrics in our 
language. The book will be produced with the same care that made ' Lyra 
Heroica' delightful to the hand and eye. 

ANDREW LANG 
THE POEMS OF ROBERT BURNS. Edited, with Intro- 
duction, etc., by Andrew Lang. With Portraits. Crown Svo. 
6s. 
Also 75 copies on hand-made paper. Demy Svo. 21s. 
This edition will contain a carefully collated Text and Notes on the Text, a critical 
and Biographical Introductiouj Introductory Notes to the Poems, and a Glossary. 



Messrs. Methuen's Annoucbments 3 

robert louis stevehson 
VAILIMA LETTERS. By Robert Louis Stevenson. 
With an Etched Portrait by William Strang, and other Illustra- 
tions. Crown Svo. Btukram. *]s. 6d. 
Also 125 copies on hand-made paper. Demy Svo. 25 j. 
A series of long journal letters written from Samoa to Mr. Sidney Colvin d'oring the 
last five years. They form an autobiography of Mr. Stevenson during this 
period, giving a full account of his daily life and literary work and ambitions. 
Mr. Colvin has written a Prologue and Epilogue, and has added numerous notes. 

ENGLISH CLASSICS 
Edited by W. E. Henley. 

The books, which are designed and printed by Messrs. Constable, are issued in 
two editions— (i) A small edition, on the finest Japanese vellum, limited in most 
cases to 25 copies, demy Svo, 21s. a volume nett; (2) The popular edition on laid 
paper, crown Svo, buckram, 3*. 6d. a volume. 

NEW VOLUMES. 

THE LIVES OF DONNE, WOTTON, HOOKER, HERBERT, 
AND SANDERSON. By Izaak Walton. With an Introduction 
by Vernon Blackburn, and a Portrait. 

THE LIVES OF THE ENGLISH POETS. By Samuel 
Johnson, LL.D. With an Introduction by James Hepburn 
Millar, and a Portrait 3 vols. 

W. M. DiXON 
A PRIMER OF TENNYSON. By W. M. DixoN, M.A., 
Professor of English Literature at Mason College. Cr. Svo. 2s. 6d. 
This book consists of (i) a succinct but complete biography of Lord Tennyson; 
(2) an account of the volumes published by him in chronological order, dealing with 
the more important poems separately ; (3) a concise criticism of Tennyson in his 
various aspects as lyrist, dramatist, and representative poet of his day; (4) a 
bibliography. Such a complete book on such a subject, and at ?nch a moderate 
price, should find a host of readers. 

Fiction 

MARIE COP.ELLI 

A NEW ROMANCE. By Marie Corelli, Author of 

* Barabbas,' * A Romance of Two Worlds,' etc. Crowji Svo. 6s. 

The title of Miss CorellVs nezv novel is not yet settled. 



4 Messrs. Methuen's Announcements 

ANTHONY HOPE 
THE CHRONICLES OF COUNT ANTONIO. By Anthony 
Hope, Author of • The Prisoner of Zenda,' ' The God in the Car,' 
etc. Crown 8vo. 6s. 
A romance of mediasval Italy. 

GILBERT PARKER 

AN ADVENTURER OF THE NORTH. By Gilbert 

Parker, Author of * Pierre and his People,' ' The Translation of a 

Savage,' etc Crown Svo. 6s. 

This book consists of more tales of the Far North, and contains the last adventures 
of ' Pretty Pierre.' Mr. Parker's first volume of Canadian stories was published 
about three years ago, and was received with unanimous praise. 

EUILT LAWLESS 
HURRISH. By the Honble. Emily Lawless, Author of 
*MaeIcho,' 'Crania,' etc. Crown Svo. 6s. 
A reissue of Miss Lawless' most popular novel. 

S. BARING GOULD 
NOEMI. By S. Baring Gould, Author of * Mehalah,' * In the 

Roar of the Sea,' etc. Illustrated by R. Caton Woodville. Crown 
Svo. 6s. 
A Romance of Old France. 

MRS. CLIFFORD 

A FLASH OF SUMMER. By Mrs. W. K. Clifford, 
Author of * Aunt Anne.* Crown Svo. 6s. 

J. MACLARHN COBBAN 
THE KING OF ANDAMAN. By J. Maclaren Cobban, 
Author of ♦ The Red Sultan,' etc. Crown Svo. 6s. 

G. BIANVILLE FENN 
AN ELECTRIC SPARK. By G. Manville Fenn, Author of 
* The Vicar's Wife,' * A Double Knot,' etc. Crozvn Svo. 6s. 

C. PHILLIPS WOOLLEY 
THE QUEENSBERRY CUP. A Tale of Adventure. By 
Clive Phillips Woolley, Author of 'Snap,' Part Author of *Big 
Game Shooting.' Illustrated. Crown Svo. 6s. 
This is a story of amateur pugilism and chivalrous adventure, written by an author 
whose books on sport are well known. 



Messrs. Methuen's Announcements 5 

H. G. WELLS 

THE STOLEN BACILLUS, AND OTHER STORIES. By 
H. G. Wells, Author of * The Time Machine.' Crown %vo. 6s. 

MARY GAUNT 

THE MOVING FINGER: chapters from the Romance of 
Australian Life. By Mary Gaunt, Author of * Dave's Sweetheart.' 
Crotvn Svo. 3^. 6d. 

EVAN ANGUS ABBOTT 

THE GODS GIVE ^MY DONKEY WINGS. By Evan 
Angus Abbott. Crown Svo. 3^. 6d. 



Illustrated Books 

S. BARING GOULD 

OLD ENGLISH FAIRY TALES collected and edited by S. 
Baring Gould. With numerous illustrations by F. D. Bedford. 
Crown Svo, 6s. 

This volume consists of some of the old English stories which have been lost to 
sight, and they are fully illustrated by Mr. Bedford. 

A BOOK OF NURSERY SONGS AND RHYMES. Edited 
by S. Baring Gould, and illustrated by the Students of the Bir- 
mingham Art School. Crown Svo. 6s. 
A collection of old nursery songs and rhymes, including a number which are little 
known. The book contains some charming illustrations, borders, etc., by the 
Birmingham students under the superintendence of Mr. Gaskin, and Mr. Baring 
Gould has added numerous notes. This book and the next have been printed in 
a special heavy type by Messrs. Constable. 

H. C. BEECniNG 

A BOOK OF CHRISTMAS VERSE. Edited by H. C. 
Beeching, M.A., and Illustrated by Walter Crane. Crown 
Svo. 5j. 

A collection of the best verse inspired by the birth of Christ from the Middle Ages 
to the present day. Mr. Walter Crane has designed several illustrations, and 
the cover. A distinction of the book is the large number of poems it contains 
by modem authors, a few of which are here printed for the first time. 



6 Messrs. Methuen's Announcements 

JOHN KEBLE 
THE CHRISTIAN YEAR. By John Keble. With an Intro- 
duction and Notes by W. Lock, M. A., Sub- Warden of Keble College, 
Author of 'The Life of John Keble.* Illustrated by R. Anning 
Bell. Fcap, 8vo. $s. 

A new edition of a famous book, _ illustrated and printed in black and red, 
uniform with the ' Imitation of Christ.' 

Theology and Philosophy 

B. C. GIBSON 
THE XXXIX. ARTICLES OF THE CHURCH OF ENG- 
LAND. Edited with an Introduction by E. C. Gibson, M.A, 
Principal of Wells Theological College. In two volumes. Demy 
Svo. ys. 6d. each. Vol. I. 
This is the first volume oi a treatise on the xxxix. Articles, and contains the Intro- 
duction and Articles i.-xviii. 

S. L. OTTLEY 
THE DOCTRINE OF THE INCARNATION. By R. L. 

Ottley, M.A., late fellow of Magdalen College, Oxon. Principal 
of Pusey House. In two volumes. Demy 8vo. Js. 6d. each. Vol. I. 
This is the first volume of a book intended to be an aid in the study of the doctrine 
of the Incarnation. It deals with the leading points in the history of the doctrine, 
its content, and its relation to other truths of Christian faith. 

F. S. GRANGER 

THE WORSHIP OF THE ROMANS. By F. S. Granger, 

M.A., Litt.D., Professor of Philosophy at University College, 

Nottingham. Crown Svo. 6s. 

The author has attempted to delineate that group of beliefs which stood in close 
connection with the Roman religion, and amon^ the subjects treated are Dreams, 
Nature Worship, Roman Magic, Divination, Holy Places, Victims, etc. Thus 
the book is, apart from its immediate subject, a contribution to folk-lore and 
comparative psychology. 

L. T. HOB HOUSE 
THE THEORY OF KNOWLEDGE. By L. T. HOBHOUSE, 
Fellow and Tutor of Corpus College, Oxford. Demy Svo. 21s. 
' The Theory of Knowledge ' deals with some of the fundamental problems of 
Metaphysics and Logic, by treating them in connection with one another. 
Part i. begins with the elementary conditions of knowledge such as Sensation 
and Memory, and passes on to Judgment. Part ii. deals with Inference in 
general, and Induction in particular. Part hi. deals with the structural concep- 
tions of Knowledge, such as Matter, Substance, and Personality. The main 
purpose of the book is constructive, but it is also critical, and various objections 
are considered and met. 



Messrs. Methuen's Announcements 7 

W. H. PAIRBROTHEE 

THE PHILOSOPHY OF T. H. GREEN. By W. H. Fair- 
BROTHER, M.A., Lecturer at Lincoln College, Oxford. Crown Svo. 

This volume is expository, not critical, and is intended for senior students at the 
Universities, and others, as a statement of Green's teaching and an introduction 
to the study of Idealist Philosophy. 

F. W. BUSSELL 

THE SCHOOL OF PLATO : its Origin and Revival under 
the Roman Empire. By F. W. Bussell, M.A,, Fellow and Tutor 
of Brasenose College, Oxford. In two volumes. Demy Svo. Vol. I. 

In these volumes the author has attempted to reach the central doctrines of Ancient 
Philosophy, or the place of man in created things, and his relation to the outer 
world of Nature or Society, and to the Divine Being. The first volume com- 
prises a survey of the entire period of a thousand years, and examines the 
cardinal notions of the Hellenic, Hellenistic, and Roman ages from this particular 
point of view. 

In succeeding divisions the works of Latin and Greek writers under the Empire 
will be more closely studied, and detailed essays will discuss their various systems, 
e.^. Cicero, Manilius, Lucretius, Seneca, Aristides, Appuleius, and the New 
Platonists of Alexandria and Athens. 

C. J. SHEBBEARE 
THE GREEK THEORY OF THE STATE AND THE 
NONCONFORMIST CONSCIENCE : a Socialistic Defence of 
some Ancient Institutions. By Charles John Shebbeare, B.A., 
Christ Church, Oxford. Crown Svo. 2s. 6d. 



History and Biography 

EDWARD GIBBON 

THE DECLINE AND FALL OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE. 
By Edward Gibbon. A New Edition, edited with Notes, 
Appendices, and Maps by J. B. Bury, M.A., Fellow of Trinity 
College, Dublin. In Seven Volumes. Crown Svo. 6s. each. Vol. I. 

The time seems to have arrived for a new edition of Gibbon's great work— furnished 
with such notes and appendices as may bring it up to the standard of recent his- 
torical research. Edited by a scholar who has made this period his special study, 
and issued in a convenient form and at a moderate price, this edition should fill 
an obvious void. The volumes will be issued at incervals of a few months. 



8 Messrs. Methuen's Announcements 

E. L. S. HORSBURGH 

THE CAMPAIGN OF WATERLOO. By E. L. S. HORS- 

BURGH, B.A. With Plans. Crown Svo. 5^. 

This is a full account of the final struggle of Napoleon, and contains a careful study 
from a strategical point of view of the movements of the French and allied armies. 

FLINDERS PETRIE 

EGYPTIAN DECORATIVE ART. By W. M. Flinders 

Petrie, D.C.L. With 120 Illustrations. Crown Svo. y. 6d. 
A book which deals with a subject which has never yet been seriously treated. 

EGYPTIAN TALES. Translated from the Papyri, and edited 
with notes by W. M. Flinders Petrie, LL.D., D.C.L. Illus- 
trated by Tristram Ellis. Part II. Crown Svo. 3s. 6d. 

W. H. EUTTON 
THE LIFE OF SIR THOMAS MORE. By W. H. HUTTON, 

M.A., Author of ' William Laud.' PVitA Portraits. Crown Svo. ^s. 

This book contains the result of some research and a considerable amount of infor- 
mation not contained in other Lives. It also contains six Portraits after Holbein 
of More and his relations. 

R. F. HORTON 

JOHN HOWE. By R. F. Horton, D D., Author of 'The Bible 

and Inspiration,' etc. Wit A a Portrait, Crown Svo. 3^. 6<f. 

[Leaders of Religion. 

F. M'CUNN 

THE LIFE OF JOHN KNOX. By F. M'Cunn. With a 

Portrait. Crown Svo. "^s. 6d. {Leaders of Religion. 

General Literature 

W. B. WORSFOLD 

SOUTH AFRICA: Its History and its Future. By W. Basil 

WoRSFOLD, M.A. With a Map. Crown Svo. 6s. 

This volume contains a short history of Seuth Africa, and a full account of its 
present position, and of its extraordinary capacities. 

J. S. SHEDLOCK 

THE PIANOFORTE SONATA : Its Origin and Development. 

By J. S. Shedlock. Crown Svo. 55. 

This is a practical and not unduly technical account of the Sonata treated histori- 
cally. It contains several novel features, and an account of various works little 
known to the English public. 



Messrs. Methuen's announcements 9 

F. W. THEOBALD 
INSECT LIFE. By F. W. Theobald, M.A. Illustrated. 
Crown 8vo. 2s. 6d. [ C/nw. Extension Series. 

R. F. BOWMAKER 
THE HOUSING OF THE WORKING CLASSES. By F. 

BoWMAKER. Crown 2>vo. 2s. 6d, [Social Questions Series. 

W. CUNNINGHAM 
BARGAINING : A CHAPTER OF MODERN ECO- 
NOMICS. By W. Cunningham, LL.D., Fellow of Trinity 
College, Cambridge. Crown Svo. 2s. 6d. [Social Questions Series. 

M. KAUFMANN. 
SOCIALISM AND MODERN THOUGHT. By M. Kaufmann, 
Croivfi Svo. 2s. 6d. [Social Questions Series. 

Classical Translations 

NEW VOLUMES 

Crown Svo. Finely printed and bound in blue buckram. 

SOPHOCLES— Electra and Ajax. Translated by E. D. A. 
MoRSHEAD, M.A., late Scholar of New College, Oxford; Assistant 
Master at Winchester. 2s. 6d. 

CICERO— De Natura Deorum. Translated by F. Brooks, 
M.A. 3^. 6d. 



Educational 



A. M. M. STEDMAN 
STEPS TO GREEK. By A. M. M. Stedman, M.A. iZfuo. 
IS. 6d. 

A very easy introduction to Greek, with Greek-English and English-Greek Exercises. 

C. E. PRIOR 
A SKETCH OF FRENCH LITERATURE FOR ARMY 
AND CERTIFICATE EXAMINATIONS. By C. E. Prior, 
late Assistant Master at the Oxford Military College, Senior Modern 
Language Master at Fettes College. Crown Svo. is. 6d. 

F. D. SWIFT 
DEMOSTHENES AGAINST CONON AND CALLICLES. 
Edited, with Notes, Appendices, and Vocabulary, by F. Darwin 
Swift, M.A., formerly Scholar of Queen's College, Oxford ; 
Assistant Master at Denstone College. Fcap. Svo. 2s. 
A 2 



< 



A LIST OF 

Messrs. Methuen's 

PUBLICATIONS 



Poetry 

Kudyard Kipling. BARRACK-ROOM BALLADS; And 

Oiher Verses. By Rudyard Kipling. Eighth Edition. Crown 
Svo. 6s. 

A Special Presentation Edition, bound in white buckram, with 
extra gilt ornament. 7^. 6J. 

' Mr. Kipling's verse is strong, vivid, full of character. . . . Unmistakable genius 
rings in every line.' — Times. 

'The disreputable lingo of Cockayne is henceforth justified before the world ; fora 
man of genius has taken it in hand, and has shown, beyond all cavilling, that in 
its way it also is a medium for literature. You are grateful, and you say_ to 
yourself, half in envy and half in admiration : " Here is a Sook ; here, or one is a 
Dutchman, is one of the books of the year." ' — NatiorM,! Observer. 

' " Barrack-Room Ballads " contains some of the best v/ork that Mr. Kipling has 
ever done, which is saying a good deal. " Fuzzy- Wuzzy," ''Gunga Din," and 
" Tommy," are, in our opinion, altogether superior to anything of the kind that 
English literature has hitherto produced.' — Athcmrunt. 

'The ballads teem with imagination, they palpitate with emotion. We read them 
with laughter and tears ; the metres throb in our pulses, the cunningly ordered 
words tingle with life ; and if this be not poetry, what is?' — Pall Mall Gazette. 

Eenley. LYRA HEROICA : An Anthology selected from the 
best English Verse of the i6th, 17th, i8th, and 19th Centuries. By 
William Ernest Henley. Crouun Svo. Buckram^ gilt top. 6j. 

Mr. Henley has brought to the task of selection an instinct alike for poetry and for 
chivalry which seems to os quite wonderfully, and even unerringly, right.'— 
Guardian. 



Messrs. Methuen's List ii 

"Q" THE GOLDEN POMP : A Procession of English Lyrics 
from Surrey to Shirley, arranged by A. T. QuiLLER COUCK. Crowti 
Svo. Buckram. 6s. 
Also 40 copies on hand -made paper. Demy Sva. £1, is. net. 
Also 15 copies on Japanese paper. Demy Zvo. £2, 2s. net. 
'A delightful volame : a really golden "Pomp."' — Spectator. 

' Of the man^ anthologies of ' old rhyme ' recently made, Mr. Couch's seems the 
richest in its materials, and the most artistic in its arrangement. Mr. Couch's 
notes are admirable; and Messrs. Mcthuen are to be congratulated on the format 
of the sumptuous volume.' — Realm. 

" Q." GREEN BAYS : Verses and Parodies. By " Q.," Author 
of 'Dead Man's Rock,' etc. Second Edition. Fcap. %vo. ^s.6d. 
' The verses display a rare and versatile gift of parody, great command of metre, and 
a very pretty turn of humour. ' — Times. 

H. C. Beeching. LYRA SACRA : An Anthology of Sacred Verse. 
Edited by H. C. Beeching, M.A. Crown Zvo, Buckram^ gilt- 
top. 6s. 

'An anthology of high excellence.' — Athenetum^. 

' A charming selection, which maintains a lofty standard of excellence.' — Times. 

Yeats. AN ANTHOLOGY OF IRISH VERSE. Edited by 
W. B. Yeats. Crown Svo. 3^. 6d. 

An attractive and catholic selection.' — Times. 
' It is edited by the most original and most accomplished of modern Irish poets, and 
against his editing but a single objection can be brought, namely, that it excludes 
from the collection his own delicate lyrics." — Saturday Review. 

Mackay. A SONG OF THE SEA : My Lady of Dreams, 
AND OTHER POEMS. By Eric Mackay, Author of *The Love 
Letters of a Violinist. ' Second Edition. Fcap. 8vo, gilt top, 5 j. 

• Everywhere Mr. Mackay displays himself the master of a style marked by all the 
characteristics of the best rhetoric. He has a keen sense of rhythm and of general 
balance ; his verse is excellently sonorous, ard would lend itself admirably to 
elecutionary art. ... Its main merit is its "long resounding march and energy 
divine." Mr. Mackay is full of enthusiasm, and for the right things. His new 
book is as healthful as it is eloquent." — Globe. 

'Throughout the book the poetic workmanship is fine.' — Scotsman. 

Jane Barlow. THE BATTLE OF THE FROGS AND MICE, 
translated by Jane Barlow, Author of ' Irish Idylls,' and pictured 
by F. D. Bedford. Small ^0. 6s. net. 

Ibsen. BRAND. A Drama by Henrik Ibsen. Translated by 
William Wilson. Crown Zvo. Second Edition, y. 6d. 

•The greatest world -poem of the nineteenth century next to "Faust." "Brand 
will have an astonishing interest for Englishmen. It is in the same set with 
" Agamemnon," with " Lear," with the literature that we now instipctively regard 
4-> hi^h and holy.' — Daily QhionLcU. 



12 Messrs. Methuen's List 

"A.G." VERSES TO ORDER. By"A. G." Cr. Svo. 2s,6d. 

net. 
A small volume of verse by a writer whose initials are well known to Oxford men. 
' A capital specimen of light academic poetry. These verses are very bright and 
engaging, easy and sufficiently witty.'— 6"^. James's Gazette. 

Hosken. VERSES BY THE WAY. By J. D. Hosken. 
Crown Svo. 5j. 

Gale. CRICKET SONGS. By Norman Gale. Crown Svo. 
Linen, 2s. 6d. 

Also a limited edition on hahd-made paper. Demy Svo. los. 6d. 
net. 
.'As healthy as they are spirited, and ought to have a great success.' — Times. 
' Simple, manly, and humorous. Every cricketer should buy the book.' — Westminster 
Gazette. ' Cricket has never known such a singer.' — Cricket. 

Langbridge. BALLADS OF THE BRAVE : Poems of Chivalry, 
Enterprise, Courage, and Constancy, from the Earliest Times to the 
Present Day. Edited, with Notes, by Rev. F. Langbridge. 
Crown Svo. Buckram 3^. 6d. School Edition, 2s. 6d. 
' A very happy conception happily carried out. These " Ballads of the Brave " are 
intended to suit the real tastes of boys, and will suit the taste of the great majority. 
—Spectator. ' The book is full of splendid things.'— IVorUl. 



English Classics 

Edited by W. E. Henley. 



Messrs. Methuen are publishing, under this title, a series of the masterpieces of the 
English tongue, which, while well within the reach of the average buyer, shall be 
at once an ornament to the shelf of him that owns, and a delight to the eye of 
him that reads. 

The series, of which Mr. William Ernest Henley is the general editor, will confine 
itself to no single period or department of literature. Poetry, fiction, drama, 
biography, autobiography, letters, essays — in all these fields is the material of 
many goodly volumes. 

The books, which are designed and printed by Messrs. Constable, are issued in two 
editions — (i) A small edition, on the finest Japanese vellum, demy Svo, 21s. a 
volume net ; (2) the popular edition on laid paper, crown Svo, buckram, s^. 6d. a 
volume. 

THE LIFE AND OPINIONS OF TRISTRAM SHANDY. 

By Lawrence Sterne. With an Introduction by Charles 

Whibley, and a Portrait. 2 vols. Js. 
60 copies on Japanese paper. 4.2s. net. 
' Very dainty volumes are these ; the paper, type and light green binding are all 

very_ agreeable to the eye. "Simplex munditiis " is the phrase that might be 

applied to them. So far as we know, Sterne's famous work has never appeared in 

a guise more attractive to the connoisseur than this.' — Globe, 
'The bookis excellently printed by Messrs. Constable on good paper, and being 

divided into two volumes, is light and handy without lacking the dignity of a 

classic' — Manchester Guardian. 



Messrs. Mfthuen's List 13 

' This new edition of a great classic might make an honourable appearance in any 
library in the world. Printed by Constable on laid paper, bound in most artistic 
and restful-looking fig-green buckram, with a frontispiece portrait and an introduc- 
tion by Mr. Charles Whibley, the book might well be issued at three times its 
present price.' — I'/ish Independent. 

'Cheap and comely; a very agreeable edition.' — Saturday Review. 

'A real acquisition to the library,' — Birmingham Post. 

THE COMEDIES OF WILLIAM CONGREVE. With 

an Introduction by G. S. Street, and a Portrait. 2 vols. "js. 

25 copies on Japanese paper, ^zs. net. 

' The comedies are reprinted in a good text and on a page delightful to look upon. 
The pieces are rich reading.' — Scotsman. 

' So long as literature thrives, Congreve must be read with growing zest, in virtue of 
qualities which were always rare, and which were never rarer than at this moment. 
All that is best and most representative of Congreve's genius is included in this 
latest edition, wherein for the first time the chaotic punctuation of its forerunners 
is reduced to order — a necessary, thankless task on which Mr. Street has mani- 
festly spent much pains. Of his introduction it remains to say that it is an ex- 
cellent appreciation, notable for catholicity, discretion, and finesse : an admirable 
piece of work.' — Pali Mall Gazette. 

' Two volumes of marvellous cheapness.' — Dublin Herald. 

THE ADVENTURES OF HAJJI BABA OF ISPAHAN. 
By James Morier. With an Introduction by E. G. Browne, M.A. 
and a Portrait. 2 vols. 'js. 
25 copies on Japanese paper. 21s. net^ 



History 



Flinders Petrie. A HISTORY OF EGYPT, from the 
Earliest Times to the Hyksos. By W. M. Flinders Petrie, 
D.C.L., Professor of Egyptology at University College. Fully Illus- 
trated, Second Edition. Crowji 8vo. 6s. 
'An important contribution to scientific stndy.'—Scotsman. 

• A history written in the spirit of scientific precision so worthily represented by Dr. 
Petrie and his school cannot but promote sound and accurate study, and supply a 
vacant place in the English literature of Egyptology.'— 7"rV««. 

riinders Petrie. EGYPTIAN TALES. Edited by W. M. 
Flinders Petrie. Illustrated by Tristram Ellis. Crown Svo. 
3s. 6d. 

• A valuable addition to the literature of comparative folk-lore. The drawings are 

really illustrations in the literal sense of the word.' — Globe. 
' It has a scientific value to the student of history and archd^ology. '—Scotsvian. 
•Invaluable as^a picture of life in Palestine and Egypt.' — Daily News. 



14 Messrs. Methuen's List 

Clark. THE COLLEGES OF OXFORD : Their History and 
their Traditions. By Members of the University. Edited by A. 
Clark, M.A., Fellow and Tutor of Lincoln College, Svo. 12s. 6d. 

• A delightful book, learned and lively.' — AceuUnty. 

' A work which will certainly be appealed to for many years as the standard book on 
the Colleges of Oxford.' — Athensutn. 

Perrens. THE HISTORY OF FLORENCE FROM THE 
TIME OF THE MEDICIS TO THE FALL OF THE 
REPUBLIC. By F. T. Perrens. Translated by Hannah 
Lynch. In Three Volumes. Vol. I. Svo. 12s. 6d. 

' This is a standard book by an honest and intelligent historian, who has deserved 
well of all who are interested in Italian history.' — Manchester Guardian. 

George. BATTLES OF ENGLISH HISTORY. By H. B. 

George, M.A., Fellow of New College, Oxford. With numerous 
Plans, Second Edition. Crown %vo. 6s. 

' Mr. George has undertaken a very useful task— that of making military affairs in- 
telligible and instructive to non-military readers— and has executed it with laud- 
able intelligence and industry, and with a large measure of success'— Times. 

' This book is almost a revelation ; and we heartily congratulate the author on his 
work and on the prospect of the reward he has well deserved for so much con- 
scientious and sustained labour.' — Daily Chronicle. 

Browning. GUELPHSAND GHIBELLINES: A Short History 
of Mediaeval Italy, A.D. 1250- 1409. By OscAR Browning, Fellow 
and Tutor of King's College, Cambridge. Second Edition. Crown 
Svo. 55. 

* A very able book.' — Westminster Gazette. 

' A vivid picture of mediaeval Italy. 'Standard. 

Browning. THE AGE OF THE CONDOTTIERI : A Short 
Story of Italy from 1409 to 1530. By Oscar Browning, M.A., 
Fellow of King's College, Cambridge. Crown Svo. S^- 
This book is a continuation of Mr.. Browning's 'Guelphs and Ghibellinei,' and th« 

two works form a complete account of Italian history from 1250 to 1530. 
' Mr, Browning is to be congratulated on the production of a work of immense 
labour and \&3ixn\ng.'— Westminster Gazette. 

O'Grady. THE STORY OF IRELAND. By Standish 
O'Grady, Author of * Finn and his Companions.' Cr. Svo. 2s. 6d. 
' Novel and very fascinating history. Wonderfully a.l\nTing.'—Cork Examiner.^ 
'Most delightful, most stimulating. Its racy humour, its original imaginingSj 

make it one of the freshest, breeziest vo\\i.va&%.^— Methodist Titms. 
'A survey at once graphic, acute, and quaintly written.' — Times. 

Maiden. ENGLISH RECORDS. A Companion to the 
History of England. ByH. E. Maldkn, M.A. Crown Svo. is,(>d. 

A book which concentrates information upon dates, genealogy, officials, constitu- 
ti;nal docnnents. etc., which is csoally fonnd scattered in different volumes. 



Messrs. Methuen's List 



Biography 

ColUngwood. THE LIFE OF JOHN RUSKIN. By W. G. 

CoLLiNGWOOD, M.A., Editor of Mr. Ruskin's Poems. With 

numerous Portraits, and 13 Drawings by Mr. Ruskin. 2 vols. Svo. 

32J. Second Edition. 
' No more magnificent volumes have been published for a long time. . . .' — Times. 
' It is long since we have had a biography with such delights of substance and of 

form. Such a book is a pleasure for the day, and a joy for ever.' — Daily 

Chronicle. 
'A noble monument of a noble subject. One of the most beautiful books about one 

of the noblest lives of oiu' century." — Glasgow Herald. 

Waldstein. JOHN RUSKIN: a Study. By Charles Wald- 

STEIN, M.A., Fellow of King's College, Cambridge. With a Photo- 
gravure Portrait after Professor Herkomer. Post Svo. ^s. 
Also 25 copies on Japanese paper. Demy Svo. 2\s. net, 

'A thoughtful, impartial, well-written criticism of Ruskin's teaching, intended to 
separate what the author regards as valuable and permanent from what is transient 
.and erroneous in the great master's writing.' — Daily Chronicle. 

Kaufmann, CHARLES KINGSLEY. By M. Kaufmann, 
M.A. Croivn Svo. Buckram, ^s. 
A biography of Kingsley, especially dealing with his achievements in social rciorm. 
' The author has certainly gone about his work with conscientiousness and industry.' — 
Sheffield Daily Telegraph. 

Bobbins. THE EARLY LIFE OF WILLIAM EWART 
GLADSTONE. By A. F. Robbins. With Portraits. Crown 
Svo. 6s. 

' Considerable labour and much skill of presentation have not been unworthily 

expended on this interesting work.' — Times. 
' Not only one of the most meritorious, but one of the most interesting, biographical 
works that have appeared on the subject of the ex-Premier. ... It furnishes a 
picture from many points original and striking ; it makes additions of value to the 
evidence on which we are entitled to estimate a great public character ; and it 
gives the reader's judgment exactly that degree of guidance which is the function 
of a calm, restrained, and judicious historian.' — BirjyizK^luirn Daily Post. 

Clark Russell. THE LIFE OF ADMIRAL LORD COL- 
LINGWOOD. By W. Clark Russell, Author of ' The Wreck 
of the Grosvenor.' With Illustrations by F. Brangwyn. Second 
Edition. Crown Svo. 6s. 
' A really good book.' — Satu^<.ay Review. 

' A most excellent and wholesome book, which we should like to see in the hands of 
every boy in the country.'— J/. /a?nfs's Gazette. 



i6 Messrs. Methuen's List 

Southey. ENGLISH SEAMEN (Howard, Clifford, Hawkins, 
Drake, Cavendish). By ROBERT SouTHEY, Edited, with an 
Introduction, by David Hannay. Crown %vo. 6j. 

This is a reprint of some excellent biographies of Elizabethan seamen, written by 
Southey and never republished. They are practically unknown, and they de- 
serve, and will probably obtain, a wide popularity. 

General Literature 

Gladstone. THE SPEECHES AND PUBLIC ADDRESSES 
OF THE RT. HON. W. E. GLADSTONE, M.P. With Notes 
and Introductions. Edited by A. W. HuTTON, M.A. (Librarian of 
the Gladstone Library), and H. J. Cohen, M.A. With Portraits. 

8w. Vols. IX. and X. 12s. 6d. each. 

Henley and Whibley. A BOOK OF ENGLISH PROSE. 

Collected by W. E. Henley and Charles Whibley. Cr. Svo. 6s. 
Also 40 copies on Dutch paper. 21s. net. 
Also 15 copies on Japanese paper. 42J. net. 
'A unique volume of extracts — an art gallery of early prose.' — Birming^ham Post. 
'An admirable companion to Mr. Henley's "Lyra Heroica."' — Saturday Review. 
'Quite delightful. The choice made has been excellent, and the volume has been 
most admirably printed by Messrs. Constable. A greater treat for those not well 
acquainted with pre- Restoration prose could not be imagined.' — Athenceunt. 

Wells. OXFORD AND OXFORD LIFE. By Members of 
the University. Edited by J. Wells, M.A., Fellow and Tutor of 
Wadham College. Crown Svo. 35. 6J. 

This work contains an account of life at Oxford — intellectual, social, and religious — 
a careful estimate of necessary expenses, a review of recent changes, a statement 
of the present position of the University, and chapters on Women's Education, 
aids to study, and University Extension. 

' We congratulate Mr. Wells on the production of a readable and intelligent account 
of Oxford as it is at the present time, written by persons who are possessed of a 
close acquaintance with the system and life of the University.'— ^//z^w^'ww. 

Ouida. VIEWS AND OPINIONS. By Ouida. Crown Svo. 6s. 

' Her views are always well marked and forcibly expressed, so that even when you 
most strongly differ from the writer you can always recognise and acknowledge 
her ability.'— G/c3f. 

' Ouida is outspoken, and the reader of this book will not have a dull moment. The 
book is full of variety, and sparkles with entertaining matter.' — Speaker. 

Bowden. THE EXAMPLE OF BUDDHA: Being Quota- 
tions from Buddhist Literature for each Day in the Year. Compiled 
by E. M. BowDEN. With Preface bj Sir Edwin Arnold. Third 
Edition. i6mo. 2s. td. 



Messrs. Methuen's List 17 

Bushill. PROFIT SHARING AND THE LABOUR QUES- 
TION. By T. W. Bushill, a Profit Sharing Employer. With an 
Introduction by Sedley Taylor, Author of * Profit Sharing between 
Capital and Labour.' Crown %vo, 2s. 6d. 

Maiden. THE ENGLISH CITIZEN: His Rights and 
Duties. By H. E. Malden, M.A. Crown 8vo. is. 6J. 

A simple account of the privileges and duties of the English citizen. 

John Beever. PRACTICAL FLY-FISHING, Founded on 
Nature, by John Beever, late of the Thwaite House, Coniston. A 
New Edition, with a Memoir of the Author by W. G. Collingwood, 
M.A. Crown Svo. ^s. 6d. 
A little book on Fly-Fishing by an old friend of Mr. Raskin. 

Science 

Freudenreich. DAIRY BACTERIOLOGY. A Short Manual 
for the Use of Students in Dairy Schools, Cheesemakers, and 
Farmers. By Dr. Ed. von Freudenreich. Translated from the 
German by J. R. Ainsworth Davis, B.A. (Camb.), F.C.P., Pro- 
fessor of Biology and Geology at University College, Aberystwyth. 
Crown Svo. 2s. 6d. 

Chalmers MitchelL OUTLINES OF BIOLOGY. By P. 

Chalmers Mitchell, M.A., F.Z.S. Full}f Illustrated. Crown 
Svo. 6s. 
A text-book designed to cover the new Schedule issued by the Royal College of 
Physicians and Surgeons. 

Massee. A MONOGRAPH OF THE MYXOGASTRES. By 

George Massee. With 12 Coloured Plates. Royal Svo. iSs.net. 

•a work much in advance of any book in the language treating of this group of 
organisms. It is indispensable to every student of the Myxogastres. The 
coloured plates deserve high praise for their accuracy and execution.'— iVirj'wr?. 



Theology 



Driver. SERMONS ON SUBJECTS CONNECTED WITH 
THE OLD TESTAMENT. By S. R. Driver, D.D., Canon of 

Christ Church, Regius Professor of Hebrew in the University of 
Oxford. Crown Svo. 6j. 
a welcome companion to the author's famous * Introduction.' Nrfman can read these 

discourses without feeling that Dr. Driver is fully alive to the deeper teaching of 

the Old Testament'— G^tf^»-ii';-:r.«. 



1 8 Messrs. Methuen's List 

Cheyne. FOUNDERS OF OLD TESTAMENT CRITICISM: 
Biographical, Descriptive, and Critical Studies. By T. K. Cheyne, 
D.D., Oriel Professor of the Interpretation of Holy Scripture at 
Oxford. Large crown Zvo. 7s. 6d. 

This important book is a historical sketch of O.T. Criticism in the form of biographi- 
cal studies from the days of Eichhorn to those of Driver and Robertson Smith. 
It is the only book of its kind in Engiish, 
' A very learned and instructive work.' — Times. 

Prior. CAMBRIDGE SERMONS. Edited by C H. Prior, 
M. A., Fellow and Tutor of Pembroke College. Crown ^vo. 6s. 

A volume of sermons preached before the University of Cambridge by various 
preachers, including the Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop Westcott. 

' A representative collection. Bishop Westcott's is a noble strmon.'— Guardian. 

•Full of thoughtfulness and dignity.'— Record. 

Beeching. SERMONS TO SCHOOLBOYS. By H. C. 

Beeching, M.A., Rector of Yattendon, Berks. With a Preface by 
Canon Scott Holland. Crown Svo. 2s. 6d. 

Seven sermons preached before the boys of Bradfield College. 

Layard. RELIGION IN BOYHOOD. Notes on the Reli- 
gious Training of Boys. With a Preface by J. R. Illingworth. 
By E. B. Layard, M.A. i8mo. is. 



2Dtt)otlonal Boo!i0* 

fVifh Full-pc^e Illustrations. 

THE IMITATION OF CHRIST. By Thomas A Kempis. 

With an Introduction by Archdeacon Farrar. Illustrated by 

C. M. Gere, and printed in black and red. Fcap. %vo. 35. 6d. 

' We must draw attention to the anti(^ue style, quaintness, and typographical excel- 
lence of the work, its red-letter "initials" and black letter type, and old-fashioned 
paragraphic arrangement of pages. The antique paper, uncut edges, and illustra- 
tions are in accord with the other features of this unique little work.' — Newsagent. 

'Amongst all the innunierable English editions of the "Imitation," there can have 
been few which were prettier than this one, printed in strong and handsome type 
by Messrs. Constable, with all the glory of red initials, and the comfort of buckram 
binding.' — Glasgow Herald. 

THE CHRISTIAN YEAR. By John Keble. With an Intro- 
duction and Notes by W. Lock, M.A., Sub- Warden of Keble 
College, Author of 'The Life of John Keble.' Illustrated by R. 
Anning Bell. Fcap. %vo. ^s, ^October. 



Messrs. Methuen's List 19 

Leaders of Religion 

Edited by H. C. BEECHING, M.A. PVith Portraits, crown 8w. 

A series of short biographies of the most prominent leaders I /' 

of religious life and thought of all ages and countries. O j (^ 

The following are ready — O/ 

CARDINAL NEWMAN. By R. H. Hutton. 
JOHN WESLEY. By J. H. Overton, M.A. 
BISHOP WILBERFORCE. By G. W. Daniel, M.A. 
CARDINAL MANNING. By A. W. HUTTON, M.A. 
CHARLES SIMEON. By H. C. G. MOULE, M.A. 
JOHN KEBLE. By Walter Lock, M.A. 
THOMAS CHALMERS. By Mrs. Oliphant. 
LANCELOT ANDREWES. By R. L. Ottley, M.A. 
AUGUSTINE OF CANTERBURY. By E. L. Cutts, D.D. 
WILLIAM LAUD. By W. H. HuTTON, M.A. 

Other volumes will be announced in due course. 



Works by S. Baring Gould 

OLD COUNTRY LIFE. With Sixty-seven Illustrations by 
W. Parkinson, F. D. Bedford, and F. Masey. Large Crown 
Svo, cloth super extra^ top edge gilt, iQs, 6d. Fifth and Cheaper 
Edition, 6j, 

' " Old Country Life," as healthy wholesome reading, full of breezy life and move- 
ment, full of quaint stories vigoroasly told, will not be excelled by any book to be 
published throughout the year. Sound, hearty, and English to iht.cor^.'— World. 

HISTORIC ODDITIES AND STRANGE EVENTS. Third 
Edition. Crown "ivo. 6s. 

' A collection of exciting and entertaining chapters. The whole volume is delightful 
reading.'— 7'/w«. 

FREAKS OF FANATICISM. Third Edition. Crown Zvo. 6s. 

'Mr. Baring Gould has a keen eye for colour and effect, and the subjects he has 
chosen give ample scope to his descriptive and analytic faculties. A perfectly 
fascinating book.' — Scottish Leader, 

A GARLAND OF COUNTRY SONG : English Folk Songs 
with their traditional melodies. Collected and arranged by S. 
Baring Gould and H. Fleetwood Sheppard. Demy ^to. 6s. 



20 Messrs. Methuen's List 

SONGS OF THE WEST : Traditional Ballads and Songs of 
the West of England, with their Traditional Melodies. Collected 
by S. Baring Gould, M.A., and H. Fleetwood Shkppard, 
M.A. Arranged for Voice and Piano. In 4 Parts (containing 25 
Songs each), Parts /., //., ///., 3^. each. Part /F., 5j. In one 
Vol.i French morocco^ l$s. 
'A rich collection of humour, pathos, grace, and poetic fancy.' — Saturday Review. 

A BOOK OF FAIRY TALES retold by S. BARING GoULD. 
With numerous illustrations and initial letters by Arthur J. Gaskin. 
Crown %vo. Buckram. 6s. 
' Mr. Baring Gould has done a good deed, and is deserving of gratitude, in re- writ- 
ing in honest, simple style the old stories that delighted the childhood of " our 
fathers and grandfathers." We do not think he has omitted any of our favourite 
stories, the stories that are commonly regarded as merely "old-fashioned." As 
to the form of the book, and the printing, which is by Messrs. Constable, it were 
difficult to commend overmuch.' — Saturday Review. 

YORKSHIRE ODDITIES AND STRANGE EVENTS. 

Fourth Edition. Crown Svo, 6s. 

STRANGE SURVIVALS AND SUPERSTITIONS. With 

Illustrations. By S. Baring Gould. Crown Svo. Second Edition. 

6s. 
' We have read Mr. Baring Gould's book from beginning to end. It is full of quaint 
and various information, and there is not a dull page in it '—Notes and Queries. 

THE TRAGEDY OF THE CAESARS: The 

Emperors of the Julian and Claudian Lines. With numerous Illus- 
trations from Busts, Gems, Cameos, etc. By S. Baring Gould, 
Author of * Mehalah,' etc. Third Edition. Royal Svo. 15J. 
• A most splendid and fascinating book on a subject of undying interest. The great 
feature of the book is the use the author has made of the existing portraits of the 
Caesars, and the admirable critical subtlety he has exhibited in dealing with this 
line of research. It is brilliantly written, and the illustrations are supplied on a 
scale of profuse magnificence.' — Daily Chronicle. 
' The volumes will in no sense disappoint the general reader. Indeed, in their way, 
there is nothing in any sense so good in English. . . . Mr. Baring Gould has 
presented his narrative in such a way as not to make one dull ^■ajgt.'— Athenaeum. 

THE DESERTS OF SOUTHERN FRANCE. By S. Baring 
Gould, With numerous Illustrations by F. D. Bedford, S. 

HuTTON, etc. 2 vols. Demy Svo, 32^. 

This book is the first serious attempt to de:.cribe the great barren tableland that 
extends to the south of Limousin in the Department of Aveyron, Lot, etc., a 
country of dolomite cliffsj and canons, and subterranean rivers. The region is 
full of prehistoric and historic interest, relics of cave-dwellers, of mediaeval 
robbers, and of the English domination and the Hundred Years' War. 

•His two richly-illustrated volumes are full of matter of interest to the geologist, 
the archaeologist, and the student of history and manners.' — Scotsman. 
It dcils with Its subject in & maiiser wlxich rarely fails to arreit attention.' — Times. 



Messrs. Methuen's List 21 



Fiction 

SIX 8HILLINQ NOVELS 

Marie Oorelli. BARABBAS : A DREAM OF THE WORLD'S 
TRAGEDY. By Marie Corelli, Author of ' A Romance of Two 
Worlds,' 'Vendetta,' etc. Seventeenth Edition. Crown S,vo. 6s. 
•The tender reverence of the treatment and the imaginative beauty of the writing 
have reconciled us to the daring of the conception, and the_ conviction is forced on 
us that even so exalted a subject cannot be made too familiar to us, provided it be 
presented in the true spirit of Christian faith. The amplifications of the Scripture 
narrative are often conceived with high poetic insight, and this " Dream of the 
World's Tragedy " is, despite some trifling incongruities, a lofty and not inade- 
quate paraphrase of the supreme climax of the inspired narrative.' — Dublin 
Review. 

Anthony Hope. THE GOD IN THE CAR. By Anthony 
Hope, Author of ' A Change of Air,' etc. Sixth Edition. Crown 
Svo. 6s. 

' Ruston is drawn with extraordinary skill, and Maggie Dennison with many subtle 
strokes. The minor characters are clear cut. In short the book is a brilliant one. 
" The God in the Car " is one of the most remarkable works in a year that has 
given us the handiwork of nearly all our best living novtVists.'— Standard. 

' A very remarkable book, deserving of critical analysis impossible within our limit ; 
brilliant, but not superficial ; well considered, but not elaborated ; constructed 
with the proverbial art that conceals, but yet allows itself to be enjoyed by 
readers to whom fine literary method is a keen pleasure ; true without cynicism, 
subtle without affectation, humorous without strain, witty without offence, inevit- 
ably sad, with an unmorose simplicity.' — T/te World. 

Anthony Hope. A CHANGE OF AIR. By Anthony Hope, 

Author of * The Prisoner of Zenda,' etc. Second Edition. Crown 

Svo. 6s. 
•A graceful, vivacious comedy, true to human nature. The characters are traced 
with a masteily hand.' — Times. 

Anthony Hope. A MAN OF MARK. By Anthony Hope. 
Author of 'The Prisoner of Zenda,' * The God in the Car,* etc. 
Second Edition. Crown Svo. 6s. 
'A bright, entertaining, unusually able book, quite worthy of its brilliant anther.'— 

Queen. 
' Of all Mr. Hope's books, " A Man of Mark " is the one which best compares with 
" The Prisoner of Zenda." The two romances are unmistakably the work of the 
same writer, and he possesses a style of narrative peculiarly seductive, piquant, 
comprehensive, and — his own.' — National Observer. 

Conan Doyle. ROUND THE RED LAMP. By A. Conan 
Doyle, Author of * The White Company,' * The Adventures of Sher- 
lock Holmes,' etc. Fourth Edition. Crown Svo. 6s. 
' The book is, indeed, composed of leaves from life, and is far and away the best 
view that has been vouchsafed us behind the scenes of the consulting-room. It is 
very superior to " The Diary of a late Physician." '—Illustrated London News. 



22 Messrs. Methuen's List 



] 



'Dr. Doyle wields a canning pen, as all the world now knows. His deft touch 
seen to perfection in these short sketches— these "facts and fancies of medical 
life," as he calls them. Every page reveals the literary artist, the keen observer, 
the trained delineator of human nature, its weal and its woe.' — Freeman's Journal. 

' These tales are skilful, attractive, and eminently suited to give relief to the mind 
of a reader in quest of distraction.' — Athemeunu 

Stanley Weyman. UNDER THE RED ROBE. By Stanley 
Weyman, Author of * A Gentleman of France.' With Twelve Illus- 
trations by R. Caton Woodville. Seventh Edition. Crown %vo. 6^. 
A cheaper edition of a book which won instant popularity. No unfavourable review 
occurred, and most critics spoke in terms of enthusiastic admiration. The ' West- 
minster Gazette ' called it ' a book ofivhich we have read every word for the sheer 
pleasure of readings and which we i>ut down with a pang that we cannot /orget 
it all and start again.' The 'Daily Chronicle' said that ^ every one who reads 
books at all must read this thrilling romance, from the first page of which to the 
last the breathless reader is haled along.' It also called the book ' an itispiraiion 
cf manliness and courage.' The 'Globe ' called it ' a delightful tale of chivalry 
and adventure, vivid and dramatic, with a wholesome modesty and reverence 
for the highest.' 

Emily Lawless. MAELCHO : a Sixteenth Century Romance. 
By the Hon. Emily Lawless, Author of ' Grania,' * Hurrish,' etc. 
Second Edition. Crown %vo. 6s. 

• A striking and delightful book. A task something akin to Scott's may lie before 

Miss Lawless. If she carries forward this series of historical pictures with the 
same brilliancy and truth she has already shown, and with the increasing self- 
control one may expect from the genuine artist, she may do more for her country 
than many a politician. Throughout this fascinating book. Miss Lawless has 
produced something which is not_ strictly history and is not strictly fiction, but 
nevertheless possesses both imaginative value and historical insight in a high 
degree.' — Times. 

• A really great hooV.' —Spectator. 

• There is no keener pleasure in life than the recognition of genius. Good work is 

commoner than it used to be, but the best is as rare as ever. All the more 
gladly, therefore, do we welcome in " Maelcho " a piece of work of the first order, 
which we do not hesitate to describe as one of tlie most remarkable literary 
achievements of this generation. Miss Lawless is possessed of the very essence 
of historical genius.' — Manchester Guardian. 

E. F. Benson. DODO : A DETAIL OF THE DAY. By E. F. 

Benson. Crown Svo. Sixteenth Edition. 6s. 

A story of society which attracted by its brilliance universal attention. The best 
critics were cordial in their praise. The ' Guardian ' spoke of 'Dodo'as'«M- 
usually clever and interesting' ', the 'Spectator' called it '« delightfully witty 
sketch of society ; ' the ' Speaker ' said the dialogue was * a perpetual feast of 
epigram and paradox' ; the 'Athenaeum' spoke of the author as 'a writer 
of quite exceptional ability ' ; the ' Academy ' praised his ' amazing cleverness ; ' 
the 'World' said the book was * brilliantly written' \ and half-a-dozen papers 
declared there was ' not a dull page in the book.' 

E. F. Benson. THE RUBICON. By E. F. Benson, Author of 
* Dodo.' Fourth Edition. Crown Svo. 6s, 
Of Mr. Benson's second n«vel the ' Birmingham Post ' says it is ' well written, 
stimulating, unconventional, and, in a word, characteristic ' : the ' National 
Observer congratulates Mr. Benson upon 'a« exceptional achievement,' and 
calls the 'book ' a notable advance on his previous work.' 



Messrs. Methuen's List 23 

M. M. Dowie. GALLIA. By M^nie Muriel Dowie. Author 
of 'A Girl in the Carpathians.* Second Edition. Crown %vo. 6j. 

' Thft style is generally admirable, the dialogue not seldom brilliant, the situations 
surprising in their freshness and originality, while the subsidiary as well as the 
principal characters live and move, and the story itself is readable from title-page 
to colophon,' — Saturday Review. 

'A very notable book ; a very sympathetically, at times delightfully written book.' 
— Daily Graphic. 

MR. BARING GOULD'S NOVELS 

• To say that a book is by the author of " Mehalah " is to imply that it contains a 

story cast on strong lines, containing dramatic possibilities, vivid and sympathetic 
descriptions of Nature, and a wealth of ingenious imagery.' — Speaker. 

' That whatever Mr. Baring Gould writes is well worth reading, is a conclusion that 
may be verjr generally accepted. His views of life are fresh and vigorous, his 
language pointed and characteristic, the incidents of which he makes use are 
striking and original, his characters are life-like, and though somewhat excep- 
tional people, are drawn and coloured with artistic force. Add to this that his 
descriptions of scenes and scenery are painted with the loving eyes and skilled 
hands of a master of his art, that he is always fresh and never dull, and under 
such conditions it is no wonder that readers have gained confidence both in his 
power of amusing and satisfying them, and that year by year his popularity 
widens. ' — Court Circular. 

Baring Gould. URITH : A Story of Dartmoor. By S. Baring 

Gould. Third Edition. Crown Svo. 6s. 

• The author is at his best.' — Times. 

' He has nearly reached the high water-mark of " Mehalah." '—National Observer. 

Baring Gould. IN THE ROAR OF THE SEA: A Tale of 
the Cornish Coast. By S. Baring Gould. Fifth Edition. 6s. 

Baring Gould. MRS. CURGENVEN OF CURGENVEN. 

By S.. Baring Gould. Fourth Edition. 6s, 

A story of Devon life. The ' Graphic ' speaks of it as ' a novel of vigorous huniour and 
sustained i^ower^ \ the 'Sussex Daily News 'says that ' the swing of the narrative 
is splendid^ ; and the ' Speaker' mentions its ' bright imaginative power.'' 

Baring Gould. CHEAP JACK ZITA. By S. Baring Gould. 

Third Edition. Crown Svo. 6s. 

A Romance of the Ely Fen District in 1815, which the 'Westminster Gazette' calls 
' a powerful drama of human passion ' ; and the ' National Observer ' ' a story 
worthy the author.' 

Baring Gould. THE QUEEN OF LOVE. By S. Baring 
Gould. Third Edition. Crown Svo. 6s. 

The ' Glasgow Herald ' says that ' the scenery is ad7nirable, and the dramatic inci- 
dents are most striking.' The 'Westminster Gazette' calls the book * strong, 
interesting, and clever.' ' Punch ' says that ^ you cannot put it down until you 
have finished it.' ' The Sussex Daily News ' says that it ' can be heartily recom- 
mended to all who care for cleanly, energetic, and interesting ficiicr..' 



24 Messrs. Methuen's List 1 

Baring Gould. KITTY ALONE. By S. Baring Gould, 
Author of 'Mehalah,' 'Cheap Jack Zita,' etc. Fourth Edition. 
Crown Svo. 6s. 

* A strong and original story, teeming with graphic description, stirring incident, 

and, above all, with vivid and enthralling human interest.'— iJaz'^y Telegraph. 

• Brisk, clever, keen, healthy, humorous, and interesting.' — National Observer. 
' Full of quaint and delightful studies of character.' — Bristol Mercury. 

Mrs. Oliphant. SIR ROBERT'S FORTUNE. By Mrs. 
Oliphant. Crown S>vo. 6s. 
' Full of her own peculiar charm of style and simple, subtle character-painting comes 
her new gift, the delightful story before us. The scene mostly lies in the moors, 
and at the touch of the authoress a Scotch moor becomes a living thing, strong, 
tender, beautiful, and changeful. The book will take rank among the best of 
Mrs. Oliphant's good stories.'— /'a// Mall Gazette. 

W.RNorris. MATTHEW AUSTIN. By W. E. Norris, Author 
of * Mademoiselle de Mersac,' etc. Third Edition. Crown Zvo. 6s. 
' "Matthew Austin" may safely be pronounced one of the most intellectually satis- 
factory and morally bracing novels of the current year.' — Daily Telegraph. 
' Mr. W. E. Norris is always happy in his delineation of every-day experiences, but 
rarely has he been brighter or breezier than in " Matthew Austin." The pictures 
are in Mr. Norris's pleasantest vein, while running through the entire story is a 
felicity of style and wholesomeness of tone which one is accustomed to find in the 
novels of this favourite author.' — Scotsman. 

W. E. Norris. HIS GRACE. By W. E. Norris, Author of 
* Mademoiselle de Mersac. ' Third Edition. Crown Zvo. 6s. 
'Mr. Norris has drawn a really fine character in the Duke of Hurstbourne, at once 
unconventional and very true to the conventionalities of life, weak and strong in 
a breath, capable of inane follies and heroic decisions, yet not so definitely por- 
trayed as to relieve a reader of the necessity of study on his own behalf.' — 
A thenceum. 

W. E. Norris. THE DESPOTIC LADY AND OTHERS. 

By W. E. Norris, Author of * Mademoiselle de Mersac. ' Crown 
Svo. 6s. 

'A delightfully humorous tale of a converted and rehabilitated rope-dancer.'— 
Glasgow Herald. 

' The ingenuity of the idea, the skill with which it is worked out, and the sustained 
humour of its situations, make it after its own manner a veritable little master- 
piece. ' — Westminster Gazette. 

' A budget of good fiction of which no one will tire.' —Scotsman. 

'An extremely entertaining volume — the sprightliest of holiday companions.' — 
Daily Telegraph. 

Gilbert Parker. MRS. FALCHION. By Gilbert Parker, 

Author of * Pierre and His People.' Second Edition. Crown Svo. 6s. 
Mr. Parker's second book has received a warm welcome. The ' Athenaeum ' called 
it ' a splendid study of character ' ; the * Pall Mall Gazette ' spoke of the writing as 
' iut little behind anything that has been done by any writer of our time ' ; the 
' St. James's ' called it ' a very striking and admirable novel' ; and the ' West- 
minster Gazette ' applied to it the epithet of ' distinguished.' 

Gilbert Parker. PIERRE AND HIS PEOPLE. By Gilbert 
Parker. Second Edition. Crown Svo. 6s. 
' Stories happily conceived and finely executed. There is strength and genius in Mr. 
Parker's style.'— Daily Telegraph. 



Messrs. Methuen's List 25 

Gilbert Parker. THE TRANSLATION OF A SAVAGE. By 
Gilbert Parker, Author of 'Pierre and His People,' 'Mrs. 
Falchion,' etc. Crown ^vo. 6s, 

•The plot is original and one difficult to work out ; but Mr. Parker has done it with 
great skill and delicacy. The reader who is not interested in this original, fresh, 
and weil-told tale must be a dull person indeed.* — Daily Chronicle. 

'A strong and successful piece of workmanship. The portrait of Lali, strong, digni- 
fied, and pure, is exceptionally well drawn.' — Manchester Guardian. 

'A very pretty and interesting story, and Mr. Parker tells it with much skill. The 
story is one to be read.' — St. James's Gazette. 

Gilbert Parker. THE TRAIL OF THE SWORD. By Gilbert 
Parker, Author of * Pierre and his People,' etc. Third Edition. 
Cro'cun ovo. 6s. 

'Everybody with a soul for romance will thoroughly enjoy "The Trail of the 
Sword." ' — .S"^. Janus' s Gazette. 

' A rousing and dramatic tale. A book like this, in which swords flash, great sur- 
prises are undertaken, and daring deeds done, in which men and women live and 
love in theold straightforward passionate way, is a joy inexpressible to the re- 
viewer, brain-weary of the domestic tragedies and psychological puzzles of every- 
day fiction ; and we cannot but believe that to the reader it will bring refreshment 
as welcome and as keen.' — Daily Chronicle. 

Gilbert Parker. WHEN VALMOND CAME TO PONTIAC : 
The Story of a Lost Napoleon. By Gilbert Parker. Second 
Edition. Crown Svo. 6s, 
' Here we find romance — real, breathing, living romance, but it runs flush with our 
own times, level with our own feelings. Not here can we complain of lack of 
inevitableness or homogeneity. The character of Valmond is drawn unerringly ; 
his career, brief as it is, is placed before us as convincingly as history itself. The 
book must be read, we may say re-read, for any one thoroughly to appreciate 
Mr. Parker's delicate touch and innate sympathy with humanity.'— /*«// Mall 
Gazette. 

Arthur Morrison. TALES OF MEAN STREETS. By Arthur 

Morrison. Third Edition. Crown Svo. 6s. 

' Told with consummate art and extraordinary detail. He tells a plain, unvarnished 
tale, and the very truth of it makes for beauty. In the true humanity of the book 
lies its justification, the permanence of its interest, and its indubitable triumph.' — 
A thencBunt. 

•A great book. The author's method is amazingly efi'ective, and produces a thrilling 
sense of reality. The writer lays upon us a master hand. "The book is simply 
appalling and irresistible in its interest. It is humorous also ; without humour 
it would not make the mark it is certain to make.' — World, 

Julian Corbett. A BUSINESS IN GREAT WATERS. By 
Julian Corbett, Author of *For God and Gold,' 'Kophetua 
XIIIth.,*etc. Crown Svo. 6s. 

'There is plenty of incident and movement in this romance. It is interesting as a 
novel framed in an historical setting, and it is all the more worthy of attention 
from the lover of romance as being absolutely free from the morbid, the frivolous, 
and the ultra-sexual. —Athenceunt. 

' A stirring Ule of naval adventure during the Gre»t French War. The book is full 
of f'lctttresque and attractive <:\\7irxanr%.' — Cla<;^ow Herald. 



26 Messrs. Methuen's List 

Robert Ban. IN THE MIDST OF ALARMS. By Robert 
Barr, Author of * From Whose Bourne,' etc, Second Edition. 
Crown 2>vo. 6s. 

' A book which has abundantly satisfied us by its capital humour.' — Daily Chronicle. 
' Mr. Barr has achieved a triumph whereof he has every reason to be proud.' — Pall 

Mall Gazette. 
•There is a quaint thoughtor a good joke on nearly every page. The studies of 

character are carefully finished, and linger in the memory,' — Black and White. 
'Distinguished for kindly feeling, genuine humour, and really graphic portraiture.' 

— Sussex Daily News, 
'A delightful romance, with experiences strange and exciting. The dialogue is 

always bright and witty; the scenes are depicted briefly and effectively; and 

there is no incident from first to last that one would wish to have omitted.'— 

Scotsman, 

Mrs. Pinsent. CHILDREN OF THIS WORLD. By Ellen 
F. Pinsent, Author of * Jenny's Case.' Crown Svo. 6s. 

' There is much clever writing in this book. The story is told in a workmanlike 
manner, and the characters conduct themselves like average human beings.'— 
Daily News. 

' Full of interest, and, with a large measure of present excellence, gives ample pro- 
mise of splendid y/ork.'— Birmingham Gazette, 

' Mrs. Pinsent's new novel has plenty of vigour, variety, and good writing. There 
are certainty of purpose, strength of touch, and clearness oi y'lsion.'—Athenceum. 

Clark RusseU. MY DANISH SWEETHEART. By W. 
Clark Russell, Author of * The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' etc. 
Illustrated. Third Edition. Crown Svo, 6s. 

Pryce. TIME AND THE WOMAN. By Richard Pryce, 

Author of • Miss Maxwell's Affections,' * The Quiet Mrs. Fleming,' 
etc. Second Edition. Crown Svo. 6s. 
' Mr. Pryce's work recalls the style of Octave Feuillet, by its clearness, conciseness, 
its literary reserve. ' — A thenceutn. 

Mrs. Watson. THIS MAN'S DOMINION. By the Author 
of * A High Little World. ' Second Edition. Crown Svo. 6s. 
• It is not a book to be read and forgotten on a railway journey, but it is rather a 
study of the perplexing problems of life, to which the reflecting mind will 
frequently return, even though the reader does not accept the solutions which the 
author suggests. In these days, when the output of merely amusing novels is so 
overpowering, this is no slight praise. There is an underlying depth in the story 
which reminds one, in a lesser degree, of the profundity of George Eliot, and 
" This Man's Dominion " is by no means a novel to be thrust aside as exhausted at 
one perusal.' — Dundee Advertiser. 

Marriott Watson. DIOGENES OF LONDON and other 
Sketches. By H. B. Marriott Watson, Author of 'The Web 
of the Spider.' Crown Svo. Buckram. 6s. 
' By all those who delight in the uses of words, who rate the exercise of prose above 
the exercise of verse, who rejoice in all proofs of its delicacy and its strength, who 
believe that English prose is chief among the moulds of thought, by these 
Mr. Marriott Watson's book will be welcomed.'— Nafiona/ Ol-ferv«r. 



Messrs. Methuen's List 27 

Gilchrist. THE STONE DRAGON. By Murray Gilchrist. 

Crovm 8vo. Buckram, 6s. 
' The author's faults are atoned for by certain positive and admirable merits. The 
romances have not their counterpart in modern literature, and to read them is a 
oniqne experience.'— iVa^rtWrt/ Obsemer. 

THREE-AND-SiXPENNY NOVELS 

Edna LyaU. DERRICK VAUGHAN, NOVELIST. By 
Edna Lyall, Author of 'Donovan,' etc. Forty-first Thousand. 
Crown Svo. 3^. 6dc 

Baring Gould. ARM I NELL: A Social Romance. By S. 
Baring Gould. New Edition. Crown Svo. p. 6d. 

Baring Gould. MARGERY OF QU ETHER, and other Stories. 
By S. Baring Gould. Crown Svo. 3^. 6d. 

Baring Gould. JACQUETTA, and other Stories. By S. Baring 
Gould. Crown Svo. 35. 6d. 

Miss Benson. SUBJECT TO VANITY. By Margaret 

Benson. With numerous Ilhistrations. Second Edition. Crown 

Svo. 35. 6d. 
' A charming little book about household pets by a daughter of the Archbishop of 

Canterbury. ' — Speaker, 
'A delightful collection of studies of animal nature. It is very seldom that we get 

anything so perfect in its kind. . . . The illustrations are clever, and the whole 

book a singularly delightful one.' — Guardian. 
'Humorous and sentimental by turns, Miss Benson always manages to interest us 

in her pets, and all who love animals will appreciate her book, not only for their 

sake, but quite as much for its o^-n.'— Times. 
'All lovers of animals should read Miss Benson's book. For sympathetic under- 
standing, humorous criticism, and appreciative observation she certainly has not 

her equal.' — Manchester Guardian. 

Gray. ELS A. A Novel. By E. M 'Queen Gray. Crown Svo. 

' A charming novel. The characters are not only powerful sketches, bat minutely 
and carefully finished portraits.' — Guardian. 

J. H. Pearce. JACO TRELOAR. By J. H. Pearce, Author of 
* Esther Pentreath. ' New Edition. Crown Svo. 3^. 6d. 
The 'Spectator' speaks of Mr. Pearce z^* a writer of exceptional power' '^ the 'Daily 
Telegraph' calls the book ^powerful and ^''-^-'— "— '- ' • '^^ < R;.-rr,;„rrVi,r„ p«c»' 
asserts that it is 'a novel of high quality. 



X. L. AUT DIABOLUS AUT NIHIL, and Other Stories. 
By X. L. Crown Svo. 3J. td. 

' Distinctly original and in the highest degree imaginative. The conception is almost 
as lofty as Milton's.' — Spectator. 

* Original to a degree of originality that may be called primitive — a kind of passion- 
ate directness that absolutely absorbs us.' — Saturday Review. 

' Of powerful interest. There is something startlingly original in the treatment of the 
themes. The terrible realism lear^is no doubt of the author's power.' — A thentrvnt. 



28 Messrs. Methuen's List 

O'Grady. THE COMING OF CUCULAIN. A Romance of 
the Heroic Age of Ireland. By Standish O'Grady, Author of 
* Finn and his Companions,' etc. Illustrated by Murray Smith. 
Croivn Svo. 3^. 6d. 

'The suggestions of mystery, the rapid and exciting action, are superb poetic eflFects.' 
— Speaker. 

' For light and colour it resembles nothing so much as a Swiss dawn.' — Manchester 
Guardian. 

•A romance extremely fascinating and admirably veWknit.'—Saturday Review. 

Constance Smith. A CUMBERER OF THE GROUND. 
By Constance Smith, Author of '"The Repentance of Paul Went- 
worth,' etc. Nitzu Edition. Crown Svo. p. 6d. 

Author of 'Vera.' THE DANCE OF THE HOURS. By 

the Author of ' Vera.' Crown Svo. 35. 6d. 
Bsmh Stuart. A WOMAN OF FORTY. By Esm^ Stuart, 
Author of 'Muriel's Marriage,' *Virginie's Husband,* etc. New 
Edition. Crown Svo. 35. 6d, 
'The story is well written, and some of the scenes show great dramatic power.'— 
Daily Chronicle. 

Fenn. THE STAR GAZERS. By G. Manville Fenn, 
Author of • Eli's Children,' etc. New Edition. Cr. Svo. ^s. 6d. 
' A stirring romzncc.'— Western Morning News. 

' Told with all the dramatic power for which Mr. Fenn Is con%^\C\xou%.^— Bradford 
Observer. 

Dickinson. A VICAR'S WIFE. By Evelyn Dickinson. 

Crown Svo. y. 6d. 

Prowse. THE POISON OF ASPS. By R. Orton Prowse. 
Crown Svo. 3^. 6d. 

Grey. THE STORY OF CHRIS. By Rowland Grey. 

Crown Svo. $s. 

Lynn Linton. THE TRUE HISTORY OF JOSHUA DAVID- 
SON, Christian and Communist. By E. Lynn Linton. Eleventh 
Edition. Post Svo. is. 



HALF-CROWN NOVELS 

A Series of Novels by popular Authors. 



2/6 



1. THE PLAN OF CAMPAIGN. By F. Mabel Robinson. 

2. DISENCHANTMENT. By F. Mabel Robinson. 

3. MR. BUTLER'S WARD. By F. Mabel Robinson. 

4. HOVENDEN, V.C. By F. Mabel Robinson. 

5. ELI'S CHILDREN. By G. Manville Fenn. 

6. A DOUBLE KNOT. By G. Manville Fenn. 

7. DISARMED. By M. Betham Edwards 



Messrs. Methuen's List 29 

8. A LOST ILLUSION. By Leslie Keith. 

9. A MARRIAGE AT SEA. By W. Clark Russell. 

10. IN TENT AND BUNGALOW. By the Author of * Indian 

Idylls.' 

11. MY STEWARDSHIP. By E. M'Queen Gray. 

12. A REVEREND GENTLEMAN. By J. M. Cobban. 

13. A DEPLORABLE AFFAIR. By W. E. NORRIS. 

14. JACK'S FATHER. By W. E. NORRIS. 

15. A CAVALIER'S LAD YE. By Mrs. Dicker. 

16. JIM B. 



Books for Boys and Girls 

A Series of Books by well-known Authors^ well illustrated. 
Crown %vo. 



3l6 



1. THE ICELANDER'S SWORD. By S. Baring Gould. 

2. TWO LITTLE CHILDREN AND CHING. By Edith 

E. CUTHELL. 

3. TODDLEBEN'S HERO. By M. M. Blake. 

4. ONLY A GUARD-ROOM DOG. By Edith E. Cuthell. 

5. THE DOCTOR OF THE JULIET. By Harry Colling- 

WOOD. 

6. MASTER ROCKAFELLAR'S VOYAGE. By W. Clark 

Russell. 

7. SYD BELTON : Or, The Boy who would not go to Sea. 

By G. Manville Fenn. 

The Peacock Library 

A Series of Books for Girls by well-known Authors^ / • 

handsomely bound in blue and silver^ and well illustrated. '^ / fj 
Crown Svo. ^ / 

1. A PINCH OF EXPERIENCE. By L. B. Walford. 

2. THE RED GRANGE. By Mrs. Molesworth. 

3. THE SECRET OF MADAME DE MONLUC. By the 

Author of *MdIe Mori.' 

4. DUMPS. By Mrs. Parr, Author of 'Adam and Eve.' 

5. OUT OF THE FASHION. By L. T. Meade. 

6. A GIRL OF THE PEOPLE. By L. T. Meade. 

7. HEPSY GIPSY. By L. T. Meade. 2s. 6d. 

8. THE HONOURABLE MISS. By L. T. Meade. 

9. MY LAND OF BEULAH. By Mrs. Leith Adams. 



30 Messrs. Methuen's List 

University Extension Series 

A scries of books on historical, literary, and scientific subjects, suitable 
for extension students and home reading circles. Each volume is com- 
jilcte in itself, and the subjects are treated by competent writers in a 
broad and philosophic spirit. 

Edited by J. E. SYMES, M.A., 

Principal of University College, Nottingham. 

Crown Svo. Price {with some exceptions) is. 6d. 

The following volumes are reedy : — 

THE INDUSTRIAL HISTORY OF ENGLAND. By H. de 
B. GiBBiNS, M.A., late Scholar of Wadham College, Oxon., Cobden 
Prizeman. Fourth Edition. With Maps and Plans, y. 
'A compact and clear storj' of our industrial development. A study of this concise 
but luminous book cannot fail to give the reader a clear insight into the principal 
phenomena of our industrial history. The editor and publishers are to be congrat- 
ulated on this first volume of their venture, and we shall look with expectant 
interest fur the succeeding volumes of the series. —University Extension Journal. 

A HISTORY OF ENGLISH POLITICAL ECONOMY. By 
L. L. Price, M.A., Fellow of Oriel College, Oxon. 

PROBLEMS OF POVERTY : An Inquiry into the Industrial 
Conditions of the Poor. By J. A. IIobson, M.A. Second Edition. 

VICTORIAN POETS. By A. Sharp. 

THE FRENCH REVOLUTION. By J. E. Symes, M.A. 

PSYCHOLOGY. By F. S. Granger, M.A., Lecturer in Philo- 
sophy at University College, Nottingham. 

THE EVOLUTION OF PLANT LIFE : Lower Forms. By 
G. Masser, Kew Gardens. With Illustrations, 

AIR AND WATER. Professor V. B. Lewes, M.A. Illustrated. 

THE CHEMISTRY OF LIFE AND HEALTH. By C. W. 
KiMMiNS, M.A. Camb. Illustrated. 

THE MECHANICS OF DAILY LIFE. By V. P. SELLS, M.A. 

Illustrated. 

ENGLISH SOCIAL REFORMERS. H. DE B. GiBBiNS, M.A. 

ENGLISH TRADE AND FINANCE IN TPIE SEVEN- 
TEENTH CENTURY. By W. A. S. Hewins, B.A. 

THE CHEMISTRY OF FIRE. The Elementary Principles of 

Chemistry. By M. M. Pattison MuiR, M.A. Illustrated. 

A TEXT-BOOK OF AGRICULTURAL BOTANY. By M. C. 
Potter, M.A., F.L.S. Illustrated. 3J. dd. 



Messrs. Methuen's List 31 

THE VAULT OF HEAVEN. A Popular Introduction to 
Astronomy. By R. A. Gregory. With numerous Illustrations. 

METEOROLOGY. The Elements of Weather and Climale. 
By H. N. Dickson, F.R.S.E., F.R. Met. Soc. Illustrated. 

A MANUAL OF ELECTRICAL SCIENCE. By GEORGE 
J. BURCH, M.A. With numerous Illustrations, y. 

THE EARTH. An Introduction to Physiography. By Evan 
Small, M.A. Illustrated. 

INSECT LIFE. By F. W. THEOBALD, M.A. Illustrated. 

ENGLISH POETRY FROM BLAKE TO BROWNING. By 

W. M. Dixon, M.A. 
ENGLISH LOCAL GOVERNMENT. By E Jenks, M.A., 

Professor of Law at University College, Liverpool. 

Social Questions of To-day 

Edited by H. de B. GIBBINS, M.A. 

Crown Svo. 2s. 6d. ^ I /^ 

A series of volumes upon those topics of social, economic, ^ I v^ 
and industrial interest that are at the present moment fore- 
most in the public mind. Each volume of the series is written by an 
author who is an acknowledged authority upon the subject with which 
he deals. 

The following Volumes of the Series are ready : — 
TRADE! UNIONISM— NEW AND OLD. By G. Howell, 
Author of ' The Conflicts of Capital and Labour.' Second Edition. 

THE CO-OPERATIVE MOVEMENT TO-DAY. By G. J. 
Holyoake, Author of * The History of Co-operation.' 

MUTUAL THRIFT. By Rev. J. Frome WILKINSON, M.A., 

Author of ' The Friendly Society Movement.' 
PROBLEMS OF POVERTY : An Inquiry into the Industrial 

Conditions of the Poor. By J. A. Hobson, M.A. Second Edition. 
THE COMMERCE OF NATIONS. By C. F. Bastable, 

M.A., Professor of Economics at Trinity College, Dublin. 

THE ALIEN INVASION. By W. H.Wilkins, B.A., Secretary 
to the Society for Preventing the Immigration of Destitute Aliens. 

THE RURAL EXODUS. By P. Anderson Graham. 
LAND NATIONALIZATION. By Harold Cox, B.A. 

A SHORTER WORKING DAY. By H. de B. Gibbins 
and R. A. IIadfield, of the Ilecla Works, Sheffield. 



32 Messrs. Methuen's List 

BACK TO THE LAND: An Inquiry into the Cure for Rural 

Depopulation, By H. E. MoORE. 
TRUSTS, POOLS AND CORNERS : As affecting Commerce 

and Industry. By J. Stephen Jeans, M.R.I., F.S.S. 
THE FACTORY SYSTEM. By R. Cooke Taylor. 
THE STATE AND ITS CHILDREN. By GERTRUDE 

Tdckwell. 
WOMEN'S WORIC By Lady Dilke, Miss Bulley, and 

Miss Whitley. 
MUNICIPALITIES AT WORK. The Municipal Policy of 

Six Great Towns, and its Influence on their Social Welfare. 

By Frederick Dolman. With an Introduction by Sir John 

HuTTON, late Chairman of the London County Council. Crown Svo. 

Cloth. 2s. 6d. 

Classical Translations 

Edited by H. F. FOX, M.A., Fellow and Tutor of Brasenose 
College, Oxford. 

Messrs. Methuen propose to issue a New Series of Translations from 
the Greek and Latin Classics. They have enlisted the services of some 
of the best Oxford and Cambridge Scholars, and it is their intention that 
the Series shall be distinguished by literary excellence as well as by 
scholarly accuracy. 

Crown Svo. Finely printed and bound in blue buckram, 

CICERO— De Oratore I. Translated by E. N. P. MoOR, M.A., 
Assistant Master at Clifton. 3J. ^d. 

yESCHYLU3 — Agamemnon, Choephoroe, Eumenides. Trans- 
lated by Lewis Campbell, LL.D., late Professor of Greek at St. 
Andrews. 5^. 

LUCIAN— Six Dialogues (Nigrinus, Icaro-Menippus, The Cock, 
The Ship, The Parasite, The Lover of P'alsehood). Translated by 
S. T. Irwin, M.A., Assistant Master at Clifton; late Scholar of 
Exeter College, Oxford, y. dd. 

SOPHOCLES— Electra and Ajax. Translated by E. D. A. 
Morshead, M.A., late Scholar of New College, Oxford j Assistant 
Master at Winchester. 2s. 6d. 

TACITUS— Agricola and Germania. Translated by R. B. 
Townshend, late Scholar of Trinity College, Cambridge. 2s. 6d, 

CICERO— Select Orations (Pro Milone, Pro Murena, Philippic 11., 
In Catilinam). Translated by H. E. D. Blakiston, M.A., Fellow 
and Tutor of Trinity College, Oxford. 5^. 



^^ 




^2 



<i. 



\ 



University of 
Connecticut 

Libraries 




