OUR 



FAVOURITE 

F AIE Y TALES 



AND FAMOUS HISTORIES : 



TOLD FOR THE HUNDREDTH TIME, 



BY 



HENRY W. DULCKEN. 



ILLUSTBATEO WITH 

THREE HUNDRED PICTURES, 

ENOBAVED BT 

THE BROTHERS DALZIEL, 

FROM ORIGINAL DESIGNS BT EMINENT ARTISTS. 



LONDON : 
WARD & LOCK, 158, FLEET STREET. 

1858. 



This selectioQ of Fairy Tales has been prepared as a ^ft 
book for children, and all who take an interest in this class 
of literature. The object being to give as much variety as 
possible, will account for the BOmewhat unusual appearance of 
Qoody Two-Shoes side by side with the astute Ali Baba and 
the fortunate Aladdin. The stories are told with that adherence 
to the original text which the gravity of the subject demanded. 
On the illustrations great care has been bestowed. They are 
from original drawings by our best artists, engraved by the 
Brothers Dalziel. 




, Tom TntTira 

-The Tubes Bkabb 

- At.t Baba 

-Bob IN Hood 

-The Slebpimo Bbautt 

-Fuss IK BOOTB 

-&KD BiDiiro Hood 

-Jack the Ou.kt-Killkb 

-CntDBXiXA 
,  Bbaott akd the Beabt 
GooDi Two Shoes 

.  ACADDnr AKD THE WOKDEBFUL 

Lamp 23 

885. Jack and the Beak-Stalk 22 

FbOHTUPIKOK, TiTLB-PaQK, and ViaKETTES 



129.- 



858- 



H. K. Bbovke. 
W, Habtet. 

JOHK AbSOLOM. 

T. B. Dalziel. 
J. A. Pasquieb. 
11. "Weib. 
T. B. Dalziel. 

AV, Mc'COHNKLL. 

T. B. Dalziei.. 
W, Habvet. 
T. B. Dalbiel. 

W. Habtey. 
T. B. Dalziel. 
T. B. Daleiel. 



THBEE HITKDBXD PIOTUBEB, XNOBATED B7 THE 




THE HISTOEY 

OF 

TOM THUMB 



TOM THUMB. 

EvESTBODT who leads fairy tales ought to know something 
ftbont the enchanter Merlin; for this personage was a man of 
great note in King Arthur's time. He was a mighty magician 
or conjuror. As to the men who amuse ns at Christmas by 



TOHTDUMB. 

making \r?tclies go firom one box into another^ and by tearing 
up ladies^ handkerchiefs and mending them again^ they are all 
not to be compared for a single moment to the great Merlin. 
He was not a man who would condescend to play fimny tricks 
with cards and balls, and yards of ribbon  ^not he I He only 
cared for great big enchantments, such as moving houses, and 
carrying off men and women through the air, and any other 
serious business of the same kind. He was something like an 
enchanter, was Merlin; and the only pity is that he lived so very 
long ago; for if he were not dead he might make his fortune 
any winter he choose by conjuring, when the time came for the 
juvenile parties. 

Well, one day this great Merlin was on a journey. He had 
walked two himdred and ninety-five miles in search of a certain 
herb he wanted. It waalcfor a most powerful charm, the object 
being two-fold : firstly, to make a donkey play the pianoforte, 
and secondly, to cure a school-boy of putting his hands in his 
pockets and wearing out his trousers at the knees ; so you can 
fancy Merlin had to take a good deal of trouble, having to achieve 
such a difScult thing. At the end of the two-hundred-and-ninety  
fifth mile he found the herb he wanted. It was called ^^ sttcke,'' 
or by others  " cudd'obllb,'' and Merlin had always found it 
useftd both for donkeys and school-boys. In fact, since the time 
of the great enchanter, schoolmasters have found it so handy 
that they have been in the habit of keeping a variety of this 
herb, called '' kayne,'' constantly in use in their establishments. 
Well, Merlin trudged on with the herb in his pocket, but he began 

4 



to feel hungry and tired, as it was only natural for even a con- 
juror to do who had walked two hundred and ninety-five miles. 
So he looked around for a place to reat and refresh himself, 
and soon caught sight of a labourer's cottage. 

Aferlin walked in; and whether it was that his long beard 
inspired respect, or whether it was that the good people of the 



TOM THUMB. 

house were nice hospitable folks^ it is certain that the enchanter 
could not have been better received if he had been King Arthur 
himself. The best bread and the freshest bowl of milk were 
placed at his service ; and the good woman, in particulaTj seemed 
most anxious to do honor to her guest. 

Merlin, however, saw that something was weighing heavily on 
the spirits of his entertainers; and questioned them concerning 
the cause of their grief. The wife would not reply; but her 
husband, after scratching his head a long time without finding 
any ideas there, at length answered  'Uhat they were sorry 
because they had no children.'' 

''If I'd only a son, yer honor, Fd love 'un  gin he were 
only as big as my thumb;" and the honest labourer held up 
his own thumb, which was certainly a rather big one. 

" You shall have your wish, my friend," said Merlin with a 
smile; and he bade them farewell, and departed. 

You may fancy that such a clever man as Merlin had good 
friends among the fairies. This was the case ; and the enchanter 
was moreover intimately acquainted with the queen of the fairies 
herself. He told her what the peasant had said; and they agreed 
that it would be a fine jest to let the good man have just 
exactly what he wished for, neither more nor less. The queen 
of the fairies took the matter in hand  and in due time the 
peasant's wife had a son; but what was that worthy man's 
surprise when for the first time he saw his son and heir I The 
by was no bigger than the ploughman's thumb  ^though in 
7 respect it was the prettiest little doll baby you could wish 

6 



to Bee. The queen of the fairies henelf came in Tery BOon after 
it was bom, and certain of the most Bkilfal of her followers 
were appointed to the task of clothing the little stranger as a 
fairy child should be dressed. The following verse, written by 
one of the fairies at the time will show yon bow this wa< 
performed. The fairy verse tells as :  

An scorn hat he had for his crown, 

His shirt it was by the spider spun. 
His coat was woven of thistle down. 

His trowsers with tags wece done. 
7 



V 



TOM THUMB. 

His stockings of apple-rind, they tie, 
With eye-lash pluck'd from us mother's eye ; 
His shoes were made of a mouse's skin. 
Nicely tanned, with the hair within. 

Tom waSj as I have told you^ as big as his father's thumb; 
and he never grew any bigger^ so that the ploughman sometimes 
wished he had merely asked for a son without saying anything 
at all about his thumb ; or that Merlin had not granted his wish 
so exactly to the letter. For he feared such a little fellow as his 
son would never be able to defend himself against the attacks 
of the rude boys in the village^ who would^ he thought^ take 
advantage of their superior size to illtreat and annoy little Tom, 
or as his father expressed it to ^' punch 'un.^' But the plough- 
man need have been under no fear as to the punching process ; 
for what Tonmiy lacked in strength he made up for in cunning, 
and this latter quality made him a match for any urchin in the 
whole place. 

There was a popular sport called cherry-stones^ still played at 
times by English youths, and which was immensely popular 
among them at the time of which we write. 

Now Master Tom used to play at cherry-stones, with the 
village boys; and when he had lost all his property, he would 
creep into the bags of the fortunate winners, and steal his losings 
back again. But at last he was caught in the fact/ and the 
owner of the bag from which he was filling his, an ugly ill- 
natured boy, cried out ''Ah! Master Tom Thumb, Tve caught 
you at last  and now won't I give it you for thieving 1" and he 

8 



pulled the strings of the bag so tightly round Tom's neck aa 
almost to strangle that oolueky young genUeman. Look at the 
picture and you will see him irith his hair standing on end, and 
his mouth open, and his eyes starting almost out of his head 
with fiight. 

But the boy let him go after giving the bag a shake, which 
knocked all the cherry-stones against Tom's legs like so many 
pebbles, and bruising him sadly ; and Tom ran home, nibbing his 
shins ruefully, and promising he would "play fair" next time. 
But the boys saved him all trouble in the matter, by refusing 
to play with him any more at all. And so may every little boy 
be served who cheats at marbles  say I. 



The next scrape Tom got into was rather a aerioiu one. His 
mother vaa one Axj making a batter padding; and Tom^ vho was 
like a good manj children I know  ^rather too fond of putting 
bis little nose into what did not concern him  climbed to the 
edge c^ the bowl to Bee if bia mother mixed it all right, and 
1 remind her, if necessary, aboat snch little matters as putting 



plenty of sngar into it; for Master Tom was rattier nice and 
frhimsical about what he ate. This time, however, he put hia 
nose into the padding a good deal cloaer than was at all agreeable 
to him ; fiff lus foot ali^>ed as he eat on the edge of the bowl 
and he went into the batter head foremost. His mother hap- 
pened to be looking round at the time and did not see Tom'a 
U 



T O H THUMB. 

disaster. He was stirred into the batter^ which was put on the 
fire to boil. But the water soon began to grow hot, and Tom 
feehng yery uncomfortable began to kick and plunge with all 
his mighty and his mother could not think what made her pud- 
ding go '' bump 1  ^bump ! " against the top and sides of the pot 
in such a strange impatient way; and she popped off the lid 
to see. Greatly surprised was the good woman^ I can tell you^ 
when she beheld the pudding bobbing up and down in the pot^ 
^dancing a sort of hornpipe all by itself. She could scarcely be- 
lieve her eyes^ and at last fancied the pudding must be bewitched^ 
and accordingly determined to give it away to the first person 
who came by^ and who cared to take it off her hands. You 
will think this was not very generous of the good woman to part 
with what she did not care to keep in the house j but I know a 
good many boys and girls who want to be thought liberal 
merely because they give away the plaything they are tired of, 
or the old broken doll with one eye which has been lying about 
in the lumber room for months. Here 's a little remark by the 
wayside :  H you want to be really kind^ dear children, give away 
something qf which you wiU feel the I099, 

Well, Tom's mother had not to wait long for an opportunity 
to show how liberal she was; for a quarter of an hour after, a 
travelling tinker came by, crying, '^Pots and kettles to mendj 
oh I  Pots and kettles to mend, oh !'' Tom's mother beckoned 
him in, and gave him the pudding. The tinker was glad enough 
to have such a> fine batter pudding for his dinner; and he 
thanked the good woman, put it in his wallet, an^ trudged 

12 



merrily onwarda. Some say that Tom's mother made him mend 
a frying-pan for her in retnm for the beritched pudding ; but I 
do not believe that, for it would have been mean. The tinker 
had not gone iar before he felt a fmmy sort of motion  " bump 
 bump  bump!" in his wallet. At first he thought a rat must 
have got in there, and opened his bag to see. But, to his horror, 
be heard a voice from inside the pudding crying out most 
distinctly " Hullo  I say  you let me ou-n-ut t  ^You let me 
o-u-tl" and the pudding began to kick and dance in a most 
alarming manner. 

The tinker was horribly frightened; and be certainly granted 

the request made, as he thought, by the pudding ; he not only 

"let" it out, bat "flung" it out of bis wallet right over the 

13 



TOH THUMB. 



hedge; and took to his heels and ran as hard as he could for 
more than a mile mthont once stopping to look behind him* 

As for the pudding it fell into a ditch with a great '^ splodge/' 
It was broken into five or six pieces by the fall; and Tom crept 
out of the batter pudding in rather a batteary  ^if not a battered  
condition. He managed to get home^ creeping along as a fly 
creeps when it has just been rescued out of a cream jug. His 
mother was only too glad to see him; and she washed the 
batter off him^ with a great deal of trouble^ and put him to bed. 

A short time after^ Tom went with his mother to milk the 
cow; that is to say, his mother was to milk the cow, and Tom 
to make remarks and observations upon the subject. As it was 
a very windy day, his mother very prudently tied her little son 
to a thistle with a bit of thread, for fear he should be blown 
over and over. But the cow, in cropping up the thistles, hap- 
pened to choose the very one to which our little friend was tied, 
and all at once he found himself in a great red cavern with two 
rows of white pillars going ''champ  champ P' all round him 
in a very alarming manner. Tom began to cry out with fright 
when he saw where he was, and roared at the top of his little 
voice, for lus mother. 

''Where are you, my dear son  ^my own Tommy?" cried 
the good woman, in terrible alarm. 

" Here, mother ! " screamed Tom in reply. " Here, in the 
red cow's mouth!" 

The mother began weeping and wringing her hands, for she 
thought her dear little boy would be crushed into a shapeless 

14 



TOM THUMB. 

maas; but the cow, being very mucli surprised at having met 
a noifly thistlej opened her mouth widely and dropped out Master 
Tom upon the grass. His motbef was only too glad to dap 
him up in her apron and run home with him. 

Master Tom was rather a forward boy for his age^ and still 
more so for his size; and he soon thought he ought to have 
some employment by which he might make himself useful. 
I believe, he wanted to be put to ploughing or threshings or 
some light labour of that kind; but his fetther^ though he ad- 
mired the boy's spirit^ did not care to bring him on quite so 
&st. To indulge the little man^ however^ his father told him 
he should be driver^ and he made him a whip of a barley-straw 
to drive along the plough horse. Tom thought this very grand^ 
and used to halloo at the horses^ and crack his whip in a most 
valiant manner; but as he could never strike higher than the 
horse's hoof^ it is doubtful whether he was really of much use.. 
One day^ however, as he stood upon a dod of earth to aim a 
mighty blow at one of the horses, his foot slipped, and he rolled 
over and over into a fuiMw. A raven, hoYering near, picked 
up the barley-straw whip and little Tommy together. Up through 
the air the poor little man was whisked, so swiftly that it took 
his breath away; but luckily the raven stopped to rest on the 
terrace of a castle belonging to the giant Orumbo; and here 
the raven dropped Tom, who was, as you may suppose, very 
glad to be set down, and very much  flurried by the speed at 
which he had been compelled to travd. Presently old Grombo 
came upon the terrace for a walk; and when he spied Master 

15 



Tom perched upon a stone and looking contentedly around him, 
the voraciouB monster snapped him np and swallowed him, clothes 
and all, as if he had been a pill. But Grombo would have done 
bett^ to have left Tom alone; for Tom, finding himself very 
nncomfortable in the interior of Grumbo, began to jump about 
tnd dance in such a way as to make that greedy giant almost 



' beside himself witli pain. If you wish to judge of the nature of 
Qmmbo's feehng, just look at the picture of him, taken irom 
an old portrait; and you will be able to see for youTHelves. 

The giant kicked and roaredj and rubbed himself just below 
his chest in a most wonderM manner ; but the more be rubbed, 
the more Tom danced ;  until at last the giant became dreadfully 
imwell; and he opened bis mouth, and his inside passenger came 
flying out, and flew rigbt over the terrace into the sea, 
17 



TOM THUMB. 

A great fish happened to be swimming by just at the time^ 
and seeing little Tom whirling through the air^ took him for a 
particular kind of Mayfly^ or some big beetle with which he 
was unacquainted^ but which^ he had no doubt^ tasted very nice. 
So he opened his mouth and swallowed Tom down. Poor Tom 
was in a worse plight than ever; for if he had compelled the 
fish to set him free^ as the giant had done^ he would only have 
been shot out into the sea and must have perished by drowning; 
so his only chance was to wait patiently in hope that the fish 
might be caught. And it was not long before this happened; 
for the fish was a greedy kind of fellow, always in search of 
something to eat, and never satisfied; and so one day he snapped 
up a bait hanging at the end of a fishing line, though if he had 
been less eager )ie might easily have seen the hook peeping 
through. And that makes me think how many greedy children 
have enjoyed themselves like this at Christmas parties, and never 
thought of the hook that peeped through what they ate, in the 
shape of headache and sickness next day, and the doctor, and 
rhubarb powders, and the feeling of having acted like a piggy. 
However, the fish made a snap at the bait, and in another instant 
was wriggling and writhing with the hook through his gills ; he 
was dragged up, and the fisherman, seeing what a fine fellow he 
was, thought he would present him to King Arthur, and 
accordingly set off towards the court to carry his intention into 
effect. 

The fish was much admired in the royal kitchen, and the 

cook took a knife and proceeded to rip him up. But what 

18 



vas lier surprise vhen Master Tom poi^>ed ap his head, and 
politely hoped cookee was  " quite well I " 

You may fimcy what amazement this unexpected arriTal caused 

in King Arthur's court. His Majeaty was quiddy informed that 

a wee knight, of extraordinary height, had come to his court ; 

and Master Tom met with a very hearty reception. The king 

19 



made him his dvarf, and he soon gained the &Tor of the whole 
court aa the funnieat, merrieat little fellow who had ever been 
aeea there. 

In dancing, Tom greatly excelled ; and it became a iaTonrite 
custom with the king to place his little dwarf on the table and 
set him dancing for the diversion of the company. There was 
not a dance that he did not understand  ^&om the cobbler's hom< 
pipe to the Highland flii^ or the Irish jig  and I think when 
any one can dance the two latter dances well, and without feeling 
giddy, he knows something to boast of. 

Bat his dancing was not the only accomplishment little Tom 
possessed. He had, at least, ss much cleverness in his head as 
in his heels  if not more. All the people of the court thought 
' him a very good little man. Ilie queen was Tery fond of him ; 
and as for King Arthur he scarcely ever went out hunting with- 
20 



tmt having Tom Thumb riding astride on hia saddle-boir. If 
it b^an to rain, the little man Toold creep into the king'a 
pocket, and lie there  snug and warm nntil the Bhower was over ; 
and sometimes the king would set him to ride upon his thumb, 
with a piece of silk cord passed through a ring for a bridle, and 
a whip made of a tin^ stalk of grass. 

King Arthor would frequently question Tom about hie fiuDoily ; 
and Tom replied that they were poor people ; and added, that 
he should be very glad of an opportunity to see his parents. 
Tbia the good kiTi g &eely permitted him to do ; and tiist he 
should not go away empty-handed, he gave him an order on the 
treasury for as much money ae he could carry. Tom made choice 
of a silver three-penny piece ; and though this burden conside- 
rably retarded his progress, he managed, by dint of great patience 
and perseverence, to arrive safe home with it. 
21 



There vas great rejoicing on the part of his parents when 
they aaw Tom again, for they had entertained great feara for 
his safety. They were elated and anrprised at the large sum 
of money he had hronght with him, and received him irith 
great honor; a iralnut-shell was placed for him hy the fire- 
side, and in this the little man sat aa merry as the day was 
long. But, in one respect, his parents were not so carefol aa 
they might hare been. They feasted him on an hazel nut in 
such & manner, that the whole nut was gone in three days. 
The consequence was, that little Tommy had to lie three days 
in bed in the walnut>shell. 

When be got well he thought it time to return to his duties 



at tlie palace as King Arthur's dwarf; and his mother, though 
loth to part with hinij took him up in her hand, and wi& one 
puff, hlew him qnite away into King Arthur's court. 

Here a sad disaster was in store for Tom; a greater one 
than be had as yet met with. His mother had hoped he would 
have alighted in the vicinity of the court, hut instead of doing so 
^e little man came down  splash 1  into a bowl of fermenty the 
royal cook was carrying across the court-yard, and which had 
been prepared for the king's especial enjoyment. 



 I 



The malicioiu cooh artfully represented the accident to the king, 
as gross disrespect to his majesty, and poor little Tom vas placed 
upon his trial for high treason, found guilty, and sentenced to 
lose his head. Terribly alarmed at the cruel sentence, Tom looked 
around for a means of escape ; and seeing a miller listening to the 
proceedings with his mouth wide open, with a sudden bound Tom 
sprang down the miller's throat, unseen by alL 
21 



The prisoner ha'riiig escaped, the court brobe up ; and the mil- 
ler, who bad got a touch of the hiccups, hastened home. Now 
Tom haying effected his escape &om his stem judges at the court, 
was equally desirous to do bo &om the miller's stomach ; to this 
end he danced so many jigs and cut so many capers that the 
miller, in a state of great consternation and alarm, despatched 
messengers in every direction for medical aid ; and he soon had 
the satis&ction of being snrroimded by five learned men who 
knew as little about what was the matter with him as the poor 
miller did himself. A fierce dispute arose amongst the doctors 
as to the nature of the miller's extraordinary complaint ; which 
dispute lasted so long that the miller, getting tired of it, gave 
a great yawn ; Tom saw his opportunity, and sprang out of the 
miller's mouth, right through the open window, and fell into the 
jaws of a hage fish which was snapping at flies in tia river below. 
36 



The salmon which had swallowed up Tom was soon captored, 
and exposed in the market place for sale. It was hought by the 
steward of a great lord ; hut this nohleman, tliinting it a right 
royal fish, did not eat it himself hat sent it to King Arthur as a 
present. The cross old cook had the fish entrusted to him to 
prepare for dinner ; and when he came to cut it open, out jumped 
his old acqotuntance, Tom Thumb. The cook was glad to be 
able to wreak his spite once more upon little Tommy. He seized 
him and carried him at once to the king, expecting that Arthur 
would order the culprit to be executed; but the king bad no 
such idea ; and besides, he was fiilly occupied with state dinners, 
so he ordered the cook to bring Tommy another day. The 
cook was oUiged to obey, but he was determined to serve Tom 
out while he could; and so he shut him up in a mouse-trap, 
29 



and kept him there in prison for a whole veek  and very 
nuBerable Tom felt. B; the end of the week the king's anger 
was gone, and he ordered Tom a neir suit of clothes, and a good 
sized moose to ride on by way of a horse ; and aome time after 
he was even admitted to the honor of knighthood, and became 
known in the land as Sir Thomas Thumb. 

The moose steed was a very pretty present for our little Tom ; 
and he rode aboot on it, morning, noon, and night, until at 
last it was the means of bringing him into Tery great danger. 
It happened in this manner :  

One day, when Tom was riding by a &rm-house, a large cat, 
seeing the moose, roahed oot upon it ; Tom drew his sword and 
defended himself in the bravest manner possible, and kept the 
cat at bay ontil King Arthur and his followers came op. But 
little Sir Thomas had not passed throogb the combat unhurt i 
some of his wonnds were deep and dangerous. They took him 
home and laid him on an ivory couch ; hut still, with all possible 



care and kindnesSj lie grew worse, and His life was despaired of^ 
But the qne^i of the fiuries appeared and bore him away to &iiy 
land, where he remained several years; and, by the time he 
returned to King Arthur's court, that good monarch had died, 
and a king named Thunstoae sat on the throne in his stead. 
The people flocked together firom &r and near to see the 
wonderful little hero. King Thonstone asked who he was, 
where he lived, and whence he came ; and the little man replied 
in the fidlowing verse :  



My nune is Tom Tbomb, In me be delighted, 

From the &iriea I come. By him I wu knighted. 

Wheii King Arthur ahone. Did you never hear of 

This court was my home. Sir Thomas Thumb P 

King Thunstone welcomed the little man most cordially to 
bis court, and entertained Mm right royally. But the queen 
was jealous of the farOTs bestowed upon bim by her husband, 
and so pregndiced the king agunst bim by falsehoods, that oar 
hero had to fly &om the court to bide from the danger he was in. 
A friendly snail-sbeU afforded bim a secure retreat for a long 
time, and be did not venture out of it till he was nearly starved. 

At last the tiny fellow saw a butterfly approach bis hiding- 
place. He suddenly sprang upon its back, and it bore him, in 
gallant style, straight into King Thunstone's courtj Tom was 



re-instated in the royal favor, and passed many years as a great 
&Torite ; he sav many more wonderful adventures which I have 
not time or space to relate. I must hasten on to the last scene 
of his life, and tell you how poor little Tom came by his death. 
It was in this way:  

One day he was waUdng through the palace garden, in a 
merry mood, not thinking of any danger, when he felt himself 
adzed &om behind by two long skinny arms, and a puCF of 
ptnsonons breath came in his face; he turned round and drew 
his sword, and for the next quarter of an hour was employed 
fighting valiantly against an immense spider. The combat was 
long and doubtful; at last the spider having had five of his 

^ cut off, turned on his back, kicked out as well m he could 



TOH T&DUB. 

irith the remainder, and  died! Tom was proaoouced victor; 
his rictoiy, hovererj was dearly bonglit. The spider's poison- 
ous Inreath had been too much for our brave little hero; and 
he fell into a wasting sickness from which he never recovered. 
A neat marble slab was raised to his memory by the king, 
and an epitaph inscribed apon it which ran as follows;   

Here lies Tom Thumb  King Arthur's knight, 
Who died by spider's cruel bite ! 
He was well known in Arthur's court, 
"Wbere he afforded gallant sport ; 
He rode at tilt and tournament. 
And on a mouse a hunting went. 
Alive he filled the court with mirth. 
His death to sorrow soon gave birth. 
"Wipe, wipe your eyes, and shake your head, 
And cry :  Alas ! Tom Thumb is dead I 



Kon. ' 

Tom Thumb ia essentiallj an English stoiy, and all the incidents 
of the tale aie English in their character. The German tales of 
"Daumling" refer to Hop-o'-my-Thumb ; the adyentures of tiie 
English hero seem to have escaped translation. In the Bodleian 
Library, at Oxford, in an old black-letter oc^y of the "Life and 
Death of Tom Thumb," printed in 1630, which tells us how  

** In Arthur's court, Tom Thumb did live, 
A man of mickle might ; 
The best of all the table round. 
And else a doughty knight.*' 

Even at that time the tale was considered an old one. 



THE THREE BEARS. 



THE THEEE BEAItS. 

Once upon a time, tliere lived in a thick forest, three bears. 
The first was a great hig bear, with a big head and large pawa, 
and a thick gruff voice. Next came a bear of middle-size, with 



THE THREE BEAKS. 

a middle-sized head^ and a middle-sized body, and a voice tliat 
was neither very loud nor very low  ^for a bear. The third 
bear was a funny little wee bear, with a strange little head, 
and a queer little body, and an odd little  voice between a 
whine and a squeak. 

Now these three bears had a home of their own; and though 
it was rather a rough one, they had in it all the things they 
wanted. There was a great chair for the big bear to sit in, 
and a large porridge pot from which he could eat his dinner, 
and a great bed, yery strongly made, on which he hid himself 
to sleep at night. The midddle-sized bear had a middle-sized 
porridge pot, and a chair and bed to match. For the little bear 
there was such a nice^ttle chair, and a neat little bed, and 
a little porridge pot that held just enough to fill the little 
bear's little stomach. So you see they were a very happy 
company of bears, for they had all they wanted, and what need 
any bear desire more. 

There lived near the house of these three bears, a child whose  
name was Silverhair. She was a pretty child, with long curls 
of the lightest flaxen color, that shone and glittered in the 
sunshine like silver. From this circumstance she took her name. 
She was round and plump, very merry and light-hearted, always 
running and jumping about. When she laughed (and she was 
always laughing), her laugh rang out with a clear sUvery 
sound. It was really pleasant to hear the merry ringing laugh 
of little Silverhair. One day she ran off into the woods to 
^ther flowers  ^for this child was fond of flowers, as all children 

86 



ought to be. When she had got a good way in the wood, she 
began to make pretty wreaths and garlands of the wild roses 
and honeysuckles, and other flowers, and very pretty they looked 
I can assure you, with their delicate pink bloom, and the bright 
dew-drops hanging like diamonds upon them. AX last the child 
came to a place where there was a great wild rose bush, with 
hundreds of blossoms drooping down, and smelling, ob I so sweet 
in the morning ur ; and Silverhair began plucking these roses 
87 



as fast as she could, and did not stop plucking them till she 
had quite a lap full of flowers, and till her hands were scratched 
with the thonu. She did not mind the smart of the thorns, 
hut ran gaily on, singing as she went. All at once she came 
to such a funny house made of rough wood. There was a hole 
in the wall, and little Silrerhair peeped through to see if any 
one might be at home. She strained her eyes, and stood on 
tiptoe till hei toes ached, to get a better view ; but no one was 
there, the house seemed quite empty. The hole through which 
she looked was too small to give her a fair riew o{ the inside 



of the house ; and the longer she peepecl, the greater became 
the child's irish to know more about the hooBe she had fonnd 
oat At last the desire to see the house became bo strong that 
she could not resist it buj longer ; there seemed to be some 
one poshing her fonrard, and a voice seemed to be calling oat 
in her ear  " Qo in, Silrerhur, go in ;" so, after a little more 
39 



peeping, the door was opened eottif, and 
with a timid look, and ;et with a smile on 
her face, right into the bears' house popped 
little Silrerhair. 

But where were the bears all the time? 
and why did they not welcome their pretty 
little guest? It was for this reason:  

Every morning the bean uaed to get up 
early  ^like wise bears as they WQ?e  and 
get dressed as quickly aa they could. The 
great hear and the middle-nxed bear could 
dress themselves; and then the middle-sized 
bear would wash the iace <tf the little bear,. 
40 



TBE THKXB BKABB. 

and Bometimea rub the soap in his eye ; 
and then the great bear would seize him 
and brush his hair with a very hard 
brush made out of a birch broom; and 
sometimes he scrubbed bo hard that the 
poor little bear whined and grumbled, as 
one might expect a bear with a sore bead 
to do. Then the middle-sisied bear would 
put on the little bear's gloves while the 
big bear looked on with delight -^ and then 
they would all go out for a walk together. 
That is how they came to be absent the 
morning when little Silverhiur called in 
Qpon them. 

Here you have these three bears altogether; and I think 
you will agree with me that they are a very fine company 
of bears indeed. The she bear is particularly worthy of your 
notice. It is not erery she bear, let me tell you, who can 
pat such a bounet on her head aa the one you have before 
you in the picture, nor ai'e there mauy she bears either able 
or villing to pay that particular attention to the comfort and 
toilet of the smaller class of their species that the lady before 
US appears to take so much pleasure in. Observe the air with 
which the big bear is about to put on his three-cornered hat, 
you can well imagine how grand he will look in it and how 
well it will match with his elevated shirt collars. The little 
bear is a picture of simplicity and contentment, 
41 



Silrerhair Trondraed much vhen she cune into the bear's room, 
to see a great porridge pot, a middle-sized porridge pot, and a 
little porridge pot, all standing hj the fin. " Well," thought she, 
" some of tiie people vho lire here most eat a good deal more 
thu the others. I ironder who break&ats oat of that great 
48 



pot in the middle I And I wonder how the porridge tastes!" 
And without stopping to think, she put the great spoon into 
the large pot and ladled oat a hig spoonful of the big bear's 
breakfast. 

She drew back with a scream; for the great bear liked to 
have his porridge terribly warm; and it was heated so raach 
that it burned poor little Silverhair's mouth. So she stuck the 



TBE THREE BEARS. 

poon straight ap in the big bear's porridge, and wondered who 
liked to eat such a hot breakfast. 

Silverhair tried the middle-sized porridge pot next; and I 
warrant you she took care to blow upon the spoon before she 
pat it into her mouth. But she need not have been afrud. 
The porridge was quite cold and sticky ; for so the middle-sized 
bear, who had rather odd notions of her own, loved to take it. 
The child stuck the second spoon upright in the second porridge 
pot, and wondered again what strange fellow ate such cold 
danmiy stuff. 

There now renuuned only the little porridge pot; and Silver- 
hair, as hungry aa ever, tried that. It was just right. The por- 
ridge was neither too hot nor too cold; and the little dainty 
bear had added plenty of sugar and a little nutmeg, instead of 
lepper which the big bear used to scorch his 
rough throat, or the salt with which the 
middle-sized bear spoiled her breakfast 
every day. So Silverhair took one spoon- 
ful, then a second, and then a third; and 
so she went on until she found all the 
porridge gone, and stood with the empty 
vessel in her hand wondering what clever 
person could prepare himself such a nice 
meal. 

All this while the bears were walking 
along arm-in-arm through the wood, little 
t^^nlring what a busy guest had come to . 
44 



their home. They m&rched guly on, not fearing vind or wea- 
ther (for the great bear had an umbrella under his arm, bo that 
he could not get wet or spoil his complexion) ; until at last they 
thought it might be time to tora back and think of breakfast. 

In the meantime, Silverhair had been looking about for a nice 
seat in which to finish her brealdast off the little bear's porridge. 
So first she scrambled up into the big bear's chair. It was 
cold and hard  ^mnch too hard for her. So next she tried the 
middle-sized bear's chair. This was just aa bad the other way; 
it was so soft and bulging, that Silverhiur jumped out of it laugh- 
ing ; and casting her eyes round the room, she found a pretty 
natty chiur looking as if it had been made expressly for her. 
It was, in lact, the personal property and the &Torite seat of 
the httle bear. 

45 



In thia- chair eat SUverhair, merrily eating the laat spoonaful 

of porridge; and there she would hare sat much longer, she 

liked it BO much; but the chair had not been made to bear 

a heavier weight than that of the tiny little bear; it gave a 

crock, and a groan, and a crash ! and down went the bottom of 

the chair, and down went the little girl upon the floor. 

You may fancy that Silverhair, who had 90 boldly come into 

a strange bouse and made herself at 

home there, was too brave a child to 

care for a fall. She soon scrambled up 

again; and laughing at the mishap, 

danced a jig upon the chair bottom as 

it lay upon the ground. 

Dancing makes people tired; and the 
more so when they dance after eating a 
pot of porridge. Silverhair soon felt as if 
she should like to lie down for a little 
while ; and so she looked round for a bed 
on which she might rest. A ladder stood 
4C 



in the middle of the room, and there was a bole in the ceiling 
at one end of it. Silverhair climbed up the ladder and through 
the hole; for she thought this must lead to the bed room. 

She was right. In the upper room stood three beds side hj 
side. In one respect they were like the porridge pots; there was 
a lai^ one, a middle-sized one, and a little one. 

More and more the child wondered, aa she went on. " They 
must be fimny people in this house!" she thought, "to have 
things of such different sizes I " and at last she settled in her 
own mind that the one who owned the large bed must be some 
very grand personage, indeed  perhaps the parish beadle. The 



THE THREE BEABS. 

one who ate the porridge out of the middle-sized pot she con- 
sidered to be a person of strange habits^ like Tim O'Baffety/the 
Irish tinker^ who used to qnarrel and fight^ and say it was for 
the pleasure of getting his head broken^ a kind office his Mends 
always showed themsdves ready to do for him. The third per- 
son^ she concluded^ must be a nice little old nudd^ like her own 
aimt Rachael^ who always liked to have things neat and natty^ 
and would not even sit down on a chair until it had been dusted 
for her^ or till she had spread her handkerchief to sit down upon. 
But all this while she was growing more and more tired. She 
looked round at the beds to see which one she should choose 
to rest upon. SUverhair tried the great bed first. It would 
not do^ the big bear had such a high pillow for his great head 
that it hurt the little girl; so she tried the next one. This 
was just as bad. The second bear^ who liked always to be 
different from the big one^ had no pillow at all, but a wisp of 
straw with the sheet drawn tightly oyer it : so off went Silverhair 
to the third bed. 

It was exactly what she wanted. The dainty little bear had a 
dainty little bed, very white and very soft, with snowy sheets, 
and a pillow just the right height. , On this bed Silverhair lay 
down, and thought the little old maid who owned the bed knew 
at any rate how to make herself comfortable. 

The child lay quite still for a time, enjoying the softness of 
the couch, and the feeling of rest after the exercise she had 
taken. Every now and then she could not help feeling a little 
uneasy as to what the owners of the house and. the porridge 

48 



poU, and the beds would say, when they saw what a free-uid- 
easy person had come to visit them ; but at auy rate she thoi^ht 
the little old maid would not he very angry, whatever the parish 
beadle and the Irishman might say. Oh, if she had only known 
that she was spoiling the property of a fiery little bear, with 
49 



THE TUKE BEARS* 

little grey twinkling eyes, how terrified slie would hare been. 
But now a large bee buzzed about her, singing his drowsy 
song  hum  hum  hum  ^and in ten minutes she was fast 
asleep. 

Sut now footsteps soimded in the room below. A great 
heavy foot went bump  ^bump  bump ! and a sturdy foot went 
tramp  ^tramp 1 and a little light foot rang pit-pat  ^pit-pat 1 
The three bears were coming home to breakfast. 

Now when the great bear came to where his porridge pot 
stood, and found the spoon sticking upright in it, he fancied 
that some one must have meddled with it. So he gave a roar 
to let the others know he was going to say something, and 
then he growled in his great hoarse voice :  

" SOMEBODY HAS been at MY PORRIDGE ! " 
And he cocked up his hat over one ear, and he swung his um- 
brella three times round his head, and brought the end of it 
down on the floor with a great thump ; and if he had been the 
parish beadle himself he could not have looked fiercer. 

When the middle-sized bear heard this (she was a lady bear), 
she ran across the room to look at her own breakfajst; and 
when she found the spoon sticking up in her porridge pot 
she also was of opinion that some one had meddled with it. So 
she agreed with the big bear, and cried out, though not so 
loudly as the first one had done:  

" Somebody has been at mt porridge 1 " 
And stood looking terribly vexed, and very much puzzled, 
nddling the string of a new bonnet the great bear had bought 

50 



THE THREB BEAB8. 

heTj and which was quite a stylish bonnet^ looking very like a 
coal-scuttle turned upside down^ as you will see if you turn to 
the picture which gives you the portraits of the three bears 
walking out together. 

When the little bear heard this^ he ran to his porridge pot 
in a great fluster; and when he found all his porridge gone 
and not enough left for the spoon to stand up in^ he felt very 
certain indeed that some one had meddled with his; and he 
squeaked out in a poor piteous little voice :  

" Somebody has been at my porridge and eaten U all up ! '* 
And the poor little bear tilted up his porridge pot to shew the 
others^ and stuffed his forepaws into his eyes, and began to cry; 
for he thought some one had tricked him because he was so 
little, and the bare idea was more than the little bear could 
bear. 

The big bear felt very angry that any one should take such 
liberties in his house, and he made use of the occasion to read 
the two otler bears a long lecture, showing how he would 
punish any one he caught playing him suck tricks. And as 
he spoke very loudly and very angrily, and gave a loud thump 
on the ground with his umbrella at the end of every sentence ; 
and as he talked a great deal and did nothing at all, he was 
really more like a parish beadle than anything else. 

But everything must come to an end, and even the great bear's 

' speech did not last for ever. He finished his last sentence, gave 

a last whack with his umbrella on the floor, and went to sit 

down in his chair. But when Silverhair tried the seat, she had 

61 



THE THBBB BEARS. 

pushed the hard cushion on one side and had not put it to rights 
again; there it lay^ all awry. So the great bear growled out :  

" SOMEBODY HAS been sitting in MY CHAIR ! '' 
And sat down in a very bad temper. 

The middle-sized bear wanted to sit down, but in the middle 
of the soft cushion in her chair was a great hollow where 
Silverhair had sat down. So the second bear said :  

'^ Somebody has been sitting in mt chair ! ** 
But she did not lose her temper, but sat down contentedly 
with her legs crossed, which I dare say you will think was a 
much wiser thing to do, because, after all, there was no great 
harm done, and it is always wrong to make a ftiss about trifles. 

The little bear began to get very fidgetty. If the visitor 
has sat down in the other chairs, thought he, I am sure he 
has not left mine alone, but perhaps has broken it all to pieces, 
for he treats me worse than the rest because I am little; and 
the little bear got quite hot all over with anger at the idea. 

Up started the little bear, and saw at a glance what had 
been done to his dainty little chair. 

'^ Somebody has been sitting in my chair, and has sat the 
bottom out of it 1 ** he cried doleftdly, and sat down on the 
floor for want of something better to sit on. 

But the big bear was too angry to let the matter rest here. 

He said they must make search to flnd who had come into 

their house without leave; and went stumping up the ladder 

ith the middle-sized bear at his heels and the little bear trotting 

r them. 

62 



THB THBEB BEAB8. 

Silrerliair liad tumbled the great bear's great bolster in 
trying to make it low enough for her head. The large bear 
noticed it at once, and growled:  

" SOMEBODY has been LYING IN MY BED 1 '' 

They went to the bed of the middle-sized bear. Little Silver- 
hair had ahnost destroyed the wispy pillow in trying to double 
it up and make it high enough for her head, so the second 
bear said:  

'' Somebody has been lying in my bed ! '' 
, Then they passed to the third bed, and the little bear saw 
something that made all the hair on his head stand on end 
with wonder. 

There was the bed aU smooth and white. The coverlet was 
in its place, and the pillow was there too, but beneath the 
coverlet was the outline of a slender figure; and on the pillow 
rested the fSsdr head of little Silverhair, who lay there fast asleep. 

''Somebody has been lying in my bed I '' shrieked the 
little bear; ''and here she's lying still 1'' 

The big bear, and the middle-sized bear, and the little bear 
aU stood with their mouths wide open staring in surprise at 
the pretty child whom they found there. The big bear remem- 
bered the long speech he had made, the thumps he had given 
on the floor with his umbrella, and the revenge he had promised 
to take on the offender, when he found him out, and he felt 
rather ashamed of himself. The middle-sized bear was pleased 
to think how coolly she had borne her share of the misfortune, 
and she whispered as much to the little bear, who said^ ''it 

68 



waa all very well, but no one had hurt her property." No 
doubt he thought himself very much illused, and took it very 
ill that the big bear and the middle-sized bear should have 
got better off under the circumstances than himself; vbich 
was both wrong and foolish, for we should never be angry 
at others because they escape the misfortunes that fall upon 
ourselves. But the little bear never gave this a thought; be 
only saw his broken property before him, and again be gave 
a doleful whine. 

Up started the little sleeper, alarmed at the bear's shrill cry ; 
and if she bad wondered at seeing the three porridge pots, and 
the three cbairs, and the three beds, you may fancy her sur- 
prise was still greater when she saw the big bear, and the 
wddle-sized bear, and the little bear, all peering at her in a 
4 



very strange and alarmitig manner. There ira3 no time to lose, 
80 little Silverliair ran towards the vindowj which the bears 
had left open, as clean wholesome bears should do; and with 
a one  two  three  and away I she jumped out into the forestj 
leaving the bears staring out of window after heiE. 



THB THBBB BEARS. 



They lifted np thdr paws, 
aa well they migltt, to see little 
Silverluur go out of window 
The great bear gasped for 
breath and almost fainted ; the 
middle-aiced "bear leaned so far 
out of window, that she nearly 
tumbled on her nose; and as 
for the poor little wee bear, he 
got such a fright that he fell 
backwards off the bed and lay 
there for nearly three minutes 
before he dared look oat of the 
window again. But the mid- 
dle-sized bear tweaked his nose 
and threw a pail of cold water 
over him, and the big bear 
held the pepper box mider his 
little friend's nose instead of a 
smelling bottle, and poked him 
in the ribs with the brass point 
of his umbrella. And these 
little remedies soon brought the 
little bear round; and I dare 
say he was much obliged to his 
friends for the trouble they had 
taken with him. But he only 



THE THBII BIAKt. 

mbbed liis ndes and shook hia 
bead, and sneezed dolefully, 
which caused the big bear to say 
that the little bear never was 
grateful for kindueas shown 
to him ; whereat the little bear 
gave another doleful whine. 

Little Silverbair soon came 
to the ground; and there she 
rolled over and over, as you 
may see in this picture, until 
she hardly knew whether she 
stood on her head or on her 
heels. At last she got a little 
better, and sat on the ground 
to consider what she had best 
do. 

At this moment, the little 
bear, who had jnst got up from 
the ground, poked his queer 
little head out of the window, 
and behind him appeared the 
faces of the middle-sized bear 
and of the great big huge bear. 
When Silrertddr saw the three 
hairy faces looking at her, and 
thought of the piece of work 



slie had made in the bear's abode, ebe fancied it best not to 
wait til] the three came down to her, bat ran off as fast as ever 
she could. She uerer looked behind her till she got dear out 
of the forest. And I fancy that she did not foif;et the fall she 
had had; and the next time she passed a house in the wood, 
she waited till the owner had asked her to walk in before 
she walked in and ate porridge, and broke chairs, and went 
to deep on beds which did not belong to her. 



THB THREE BEARS. 

As for the poor little bear^ his breakfast for that morning was 
spoilt^ you may be sure. He had none of his own porridge lefb^ 
so the big bear gave him some of his ; but there was too much 
pe^^per in it; and the middle-sized bear gave him some^ but 
there was too much salt in it; and so at last the poor little 
bear^ who was rather greedy^ like some children I know, sat 
down on the ground and ' cried with vexatidn, at which the 
big bear smiled^ and the middle-sized bear laughed out aloud. 
And as the big bear and middle-sized bear ate their porridge, 
they took occasion to lecture the little bear very severely ; telling 
him how wrong it was to be so angry at a little mishap, and 
how he ought to learn to bear these things with patience. But 
as they both had their breakfasts, while the little bear had 
none, I do not think he gave much heed to their talk, but 
only went on crying more and more; which makes me think 
he was rather a foolish little bear, and would have been none 
the worse for a taste of the big bear's umbrella. If you doubt 
what I say, turn to the first picture in this story, and you 
will see the big bear smiling, and the middle-sized bear with 
her head back, laughing, and the little bear rubbing its eyes 
Avith its paws, and crying. 

But after awhile, the little bear got over his grief; and 
when he thought how pretty the child looked when she lay 
asleep in his bed, and how he and the other bears had light- 
ened her, he felt sorry that she had not stayed longer. 

When the big bear had finished his breakfast, and the big 
porridge bowl stood empty (he was always in a good humour 

59 



when lie Iiad had his breakfast), he began to talk over the 
adTentures of the momiug. 

"She was a very pretty chUd, that little girl," he began; 
and the middle-siBed bear, his sister, looked lovingly at him, 
and agreed with what he said, as she always did. " She had 
very pret^ hair," the big bear went on ; " It shone like silver 
as she lay on the bed," and again the middle-sized bear nodded, 
for she fully agreed with her brother, like a good sister as she 
was, even when he got angry and stirred her up with his um- 
60 



THB THREE BEARS. 

brella^ which was his way of telling her that he did not approve 
of something she said or did. 

" I'm sure I should be very glad if such a pretty child 
rested herself on my bed, or sat in my chair/' the great bear 
resumed. ^ 

''And so should 1/* chimed in the middle-sized bear, with 
a nod. 

The little bear's face began to brighten, and he thought 
that after all he could not have given his breakfast to a nicer 
little visitor; but still he could hardly help laughing to hear 
the big bear talk so, when he remembered how angry he had 
been at first, when he found the cushion of his chair pushed 
a little on one side. But the big bear saw the effect he had 
produced on the little one, and went on  and I cannot tell 
you how sly he looked  "Well," said he, "I cannot help 
fancying that little girl with the silver hair and bright blue 
eyes, must have heard what a nice little bear lived here, and 
so she came to see him, and to spend some little time in his 
company; and she would have staid longer if she had not 
been scared away by our great ugly faces  or perhaps it was 
your bonnet," he continued^ looking at the middle-sized bear. 
"Why WILL you wear that horrid coal-scuttle bonnet?" and 
the middle-sized bear looked nervously at his umbrella* 

But when the little bear heard this, he was vain enough 
to believe that Silverhair had come on purpose to see him; 
and all his anger and sulkiness vanished away. He turned 
quite red underneath his thick hairy coat, only you could 

61 



not see it throtigh bis fur, and felt quite delighted to think 
himself a person of such sa attractive kind; and ever since 
that da^ he haa brushed his hiur every moming, and once 
even asked the middle-sized bear to curl it for him, getting 
dreadfully bamt with the cnrling-tonga for his pains. 

But if little Silverhair should go to see the bears agun, 
I think she will enjoy her visit, for the very last words the 
great bear said at the end of his speech, which lasted exactly 
twenty<(ire minutes and a quarter, were:  



TBI TURBZ BBABB. 

" Well, if slie comes again, we will treat her to the best we 

liare; and as for tlie chair she has broken, well mend it 

as well as we can, and for the future, like sensible bean, wc 

will endeavour to remember how much wiser it is to learn how 

TO BEAR AND FORBEAR." 

" A capital moral ! " cried the little bear. " And not witbout 
wit, in our case," mildly said the middle-sized bear. Now they 
all felt very happy, so they joined hands and had a good dance, 
as you may see by this picture. 



Note.. 

This Btory cannot boast the high antiquity wliich investamany of our 
nursery legends with additional interest. The adventure of SUverhair 
with the three bears is evidently a tale of modem origin. But though 
we cannot make a guess at the author's name, we think the source 
whence he has derived the idea of the child's visit to the bear's domicile 
is manifest enough. In the old Oerman story " Schneeweisschen," or 
'' Schneewittchen," so pleasingly told in the collection of the Brothers 
Grimm, and in Bechstein's delightful '* Marchenbuch," and translated 
into our own language under the title of " Snowdrop," the heroine of 
the tale, persecuted by a wicked queen takes refuge in a little house in 
the wood, inhabited by seven dwarfs. The owners are absent on her 
arrival, and she behaves herself somewhat in the style of Silverhair ; but 
she distributes her favors more equally, eating out of all the seven 
plates, drinking from each of the seven mugs, &c. The dwarfs come 
home, and one says, '' Who has been eating from my plate ?" Another, 
" Who has been picking at my bread ? " A third, " Who has been 
cutting with my knife P " &c. ; and finally, the intruder is found asleep 
on the seventh dwarfs bed, like Silverhair on the couch of the little 
bear. It is this idea, we doubt not, that has been worked out by the 
gifted but anonymous author of " The Three Bears," who has merely 
altered the characters, in deference, perhaps, to English juvenile taste, 
which delights in the adventurers of animals, while in German nurseries 
dwarfs, brownies, and cluricaunes, under the general names of "Zwerge" 
and " Kobolde," are greater favourites than even the brute creation. 



A L I B A B A, 

OR 

THE FORTY THIEYES. 



ALI BABA. 

In a town in Persia there lived two brothers, called Cassim 
and AJi Baba. Their substance was but small; yet they were 
not alike favorites of fortune. Cassim had married a rich wifci 
so that he became a prosperous merchant and lived at his ease. 
Ali Baba, on the other hand, had married a woman as poor as 
67 



A L I B A B A^ 

himself. He was forced to maintain his wife and children by his 
labour in cutting wood in a forest near the town^ and bringing 
it upon the back of asses for sale to the inhabitants. 

One day, when Ali Baba was in the forest, he saw at a dis- 
tance a great cloud of dust which seemed to approach him. It 
proved to be a large body of horse ; and thinking that they might 
be thieves, for there had been much talk of a large body of fierce 
mounted marauders who had been pillaging the country round 
that neighbourhood, he climbed a large thick tree from whence 
he could see all that passed without being seen. This tree stood 
at the foot of a very high rock. 

The troop, who were all well mounted and armed, came to 
the foot of the rock, and there dismounted. Ali Baba counted 
forty of them. By their mien and equipment he never doubted 
but that they were thieves, and in this opinion he was not mis- 
taken, for they were the very thieves of whose daring exploits so 
much had been said, and who were supposed to possess a strong- 
hold in the forest. Every man unbridled his horse, tied him to 
some shrub, and hxmg a bag of com about his neck. Then each 
of them took his portmanteau, which seemed to Ali Baba by 
the weight to contain gold and silver, and followed oue who 
appeared to be their captain. This man came under the tree in 
which Ali Baba was hid ; and pronounced distinctly the words  
" Sesame, open." Hereupon a door opened in the rock. After 
the captain had made all his troop go in, he followed them him- 
self, and the door shut again. 

Ali Baba sat patiently in the tree; but was nevertheless 

G8 



tempted once or twice to get down, mount one of the horses, 
and make his way to town, but the uncertainty of the event made 
him choose the safest way. 

At last the door opened again, and the forty robbers came 
out. As the captain went in last, he came out first, and stood 
to see that all passed by him. He then pronounced the word^ 
" Shut Sesame ! " the door closed, and the troop departed. 



ALl BABA. 

Ali Baba^ all this time^ had never stirred out of the tree; 
for^ said he to himself^ thej may have foi^otten somethings and 
return again, and then I shall be discovered. So he watched 
them until they were completely out of sights and even after 
that he staid some time before he came down, and remembering 
the words the captain of the thieves had used to cause the door 
to open and shut, he had the curiosity to try if his pronouncing 
them would have the same effect. Accordingly he went to the 
door, and said^ '^ Open Sesame ! " It instantly flew wide open 
before him. 

Ali Baba, who expected to behold a dark and dismal place, 
was surprised to find it both light and capacious; it had evidently 
been cut out in the form of a vault by the hand of man, and 
received the light firom an opening artfully contrived* in the top 
of the rock. He saw all sorts of provisions, rich bales of mer- 
chandise of silks, stuffs, brocades, and fine tapestries, piled upon 
one another; and, above all, great bags and heaps of gold and 
silver. Such a sight might well make him believe that this cave, 
by the riches it contained, had been possessed, not for years, but 
for ages, by robbers, who resorted there in succession. 

Ali Baba did not stand long considering what he should do^ 
but went immediately into the cave, and as soon as he had got 
in, the door shut again, but this never disturbed him, because he 
knew the secret to open it. He did not regard the silver, but 
made the best use of his time in carrying out as much of that 
gold which was in large bags, at several times, as he thought his 
asses could carry. When he had done so, he gathered together 

70 



his asses, vhicli were dispersed aboutj loaded tliem, covered the 
bags vitli green boughs j and pronouncing the words "Shot 
Sesame I" the dooi dosed after him, and he made the best of his 
way to town. 

When Ali Baba got home, he drove his asses into a little 
yard, shut the gates, threw off the wood that covered the bags^ 
carried them into his house, and showed them to his wife. 
71 



His wife vas seized with a sudden fear that her hust)aad had 
been tempted to commit a robbery, and cried^  " Ali Baba, have 
yon been bo unbappy as to  " 

"Be quiet, vife," interrupted Ali Baba; "do not frighten 
yourself; I am no robber, unless he can be one who steals from 
tbieres." Then he emptied the bags, and told her the whole 
adventure &om beginning to end. 

The wife rejoiced with her husband at their good fortune, and 
wanted to count all the gold, piece by piece. " Wife," said Ali 
Baba, "you do not know what you undertake, when you begin 



to count the money; yoa will never have done. I will go and 
dig ft Hole, and bury it ; there is no time to be lost." " Yoa ara 
nght, husband; I will borrow a small measure to measure it, 
while you dig the hole." " You bad better let it alone/' said Ali 
Baba, "but be sore and keep the secret, and do what you please." 
Away she ran to the house of her brother-in-law Cassim, who was 
not at home; so addressing herself to his wife, she asked her for 
the loan of a small measure. As the sister-in-law knew how poor 
Ali Baba was, she was very curious to know what sort of grain 



A L I B A B A. 

his wife could want to measure, so she slily rubbed some suet 
at the bottom of the measure, trusting that some of the grain 
might adhere thereto. 

Ali Baba's wife went home, set the measure upon the heap of 
gold, filling it, and emptying it often, at a small distance, upon 
the floor. She was very well satisfied to find the number of mea- 
sures run so high as they did, and went to tell her husband, who 
had almost finished the hole he was digging. While Ali Baba 
was burying the gold, his wife, to show exactness and respect to 
her sister-in-law, carried the measure back, but without noticing 
a piece of gold that stuck at the bottom. " Sister,^' said she, 
" you see I have not detained the measure long; I am obliged to 
you for it, and return it with thanks.'' 

As soon as Ali Baba's wife's back was turned, Cassim's wife 
looked at the bottom of the measure and was greatly surprised to 
find a piece of gold sticking to it. Envy immediately possesaed 
her breast. ''What!'' said she, ''has Ali Baba gold in such 
plenty, as to measure it? Where has that poor wretch got all 
this gold from? " Cassim, her husband, not being in the habit 
of coming home until he closed his shop in the evening, she was 
compelled to restrain her impatience until his return. 

When Cassim came home, his wife said to him, "Cassim, I 
warrant you think yourself rich, but you are very much mistaken. 
Ali Baba is infinitely' richer than you; he does not count his 
money, but measures it." Cassim requested her to explain her 
meaning, which she did, by telling him the stratagem by which 
she had made the discovery, and showing him the coin. 

74 



Caasim, instead of being pleaaed at his brother'B prosperity, 
coold not sleep all that night, but went to him in the morning 
before soD-rise. Now CaBsim, after he married the rich widow, 
never treated Ali Baba as a brother, but forgot that name. "AU 
Baba," said he, accosting him, " you are very reserved in your 
afiUra : you pretend to be miserably poor and yet you measure 
gold I " " How, brother ? " replied Ali Baba, " I do not know 
75 



iHdl 



vliat you mean; explain foimelf." "Do not pretend ignorance," 
replied Cassini, showing him the piece of gold hia vife had given 
him ; " How many of these pieces have you ? My mfe found 
this at the bottom of the measure you borrowed yesterday." 

All Baba perceived that Caasim and his wife knew what he 
had BO much reason to keep secret So he confessed all j and told 
him by what chance he had discovered this retreat of the thieves, 
and concluded by offering him part of his treasure to keep the 
ucret. " That is not sufficient," replied Casaim, haughtily ; " I 



moat knoT exactly where this is, and the signs and tolcensj that t 
may go to it myself irhea I have a mind ; otherwise I will inform 
against yon, and then you wiU lose all yon have got, and I shall 
have half for my information." 

AH Baba, more out of his natural good nature than fright at 
his wicked brother's threat, told him all he desired, and even the 
very words he was to make nee of to get in and out of the cave. 
77 



ALI BABA. 

Cassim secretelj determined to get all the treasure to himself. 
He rose early next mornings set out with ten mules laden with 
great chests and large hampers^ and followed the road which 
Ali Baba had told him. When he arrived at the rock^ he pro- 
nounced the words " Open Sesame I " and it accordingly opened ; 
and when he was in, it shut again. On examining the cave, he 
was greatly struck to find its rich contents exceeded Ali Baba's 
description. He laid as many bags of gold as he could carry at 
the door; and coming at last to open it, his mind was so con- 
fused by thoughts of the great riches he shoidd possess, that he 
could not think of the necessary word, but instead of '' Sesame,'' 
(which signifies a kind of com), he said, ''Open Barley!'' and 
was very much amazed and alarmed to find the door did not open, 
but remained shut. 

Cassim never expected such an accident ; and was so frightened 
at the danger he was in, that the word '' Sesame" was completely 
forgotten as if he had never heard it before in his life. He walked 
weeping about the cave amid all the riches ; and in this miserable 
condition we will leave him, bewailing his fate, and undeserving 
of pity. 

About midnight the thieves returned to their cave. At some 
distance rom it they found Cassim's mules straggling about with 
great chests and hampers on their backs, and were very anxious to 
know to whom they belonged. The captain and others went 
directly to the door, with their naked sabres in their hands, and 
on pronouncing the words "Open Sesame," it opened. 

Cassim was resolved to make one effort to escape from them. 

78 



He stood ready at tlie door; and no sooner heard the word 
" Sesame," and saw the door open, than he jumped out bo briskly 
that he threw the captain down; but he could not escape the 
other thieves, who with their drawn sabres and infuriated looks 
completely blocked up the entrance to the cave*; the fall of their 
captain was followed by the passing of their sabres through the 
body of the unfortunate Caasim. 
79 



The thieves found the bags vhich Cassim had hronght to the 
door; bnt never missed the gold All Baba had formerly taken 
sway ; btit it was a matter of the greatest importance to them to 
secnre their riches ; therefore they agreed to cut Caaaim's body 
into four quarters, and hang two on one side and two on the other 
within the door of the cave, to terrify any future intruder. 

Casaim's wife was very uneasy, when night came and her hua- 

band had not returned ; she ran to Ali Baba in a terrible fright, 

to tell him of it. Ali Baba, who never doubted that his brother 

had gone to the forest, told her that she need not frighten herself, 

60 



for that certainly Cassim would not think it proper to come into 
the town till the night shonld be pretty far advanced. 

Cassim's wife went home again, and waited patiently till it^d- 
night. Then her fear redoubled, and she repented of her foolish 
cariosity, and bewtdled her desire of penetrating into the affairs 



A L I B A B A. 

of her brother and sister. When it was day she went to Ali Baba 
and told^ with tears^ the cause of her coming. 

Ali Baba never waited to be asked to go and see what was 
become of Cassim, but went immediately with his asses. When 
he came to the rock^ he pronounced the words " Open Sesame I" 
and the door opened ; he was terribly startled at the dismal sight 
of his brother's quarters. He wrapped them in pieces of cloth, 
loaded one of his asses with them, and covered the load over with 
green wood ; the other asses he loaded with bags of gold, cover- 
ing them with boughs also ; and then came away. When he got 
home, he drove the asses loaded with gold into his little yard, 
and led the other to his sister-in-law's. 

Ali Baba knocked at the door, which was opened by Morgiana, 
a cunning, artful slave, celebrated for her cleverness and tact. 
Taking Morgiana aside, he said to her, '' the first thing I ask of 
thee is an inviolable secrecy, which you will find is necessary 
both for thy mistress's sake and mine. Thy master's body is con- 
tained in these two bundles ; and our business is to bury him as 
if he died a natural death. Go tell your mistress I want to speak 
with her, and mind what I say to you." 

Then Ali Baba told his sister the success of his journey, and 
how he came to find Cassim's body. The grief of the widow was 
great ; but she saw the necessity of keeping the manner of his 
death a secret ; to do this, they had recourse to Morgiana's aid. 

Morgiana went out to an apothecary, and asked him for medi- 
cine for her good master Cassim, who .was sick. Next morning 
he went again to the same apothecary's, Imd, with tears in her , 

82 



ejea, asked for an essence with wMcb they mb sick people at the 
last extremity. lu the meantime, od the other hand, as AH Baha 
and his wife were seen to go often between Cassim's and their 
own house all that day with melancholy looks, so nobody was 
surprised, in the evening, to hear the lamentable shrieks and cries 
of Cassim's wife and Morgiana, who told it everywhere that her 
master was dead. 



A L I B A B A. 

The next mornings Morgiana^ wlio knew a certain old cobbler 
who opened his stall early, went to him, and bidding him 
" Good morrow/' put a piece of gold into his hand. ''Well," said 
merry old Baba Mnstapha, '' this is good pay; what am I to do 
for it?*' ''Baba Mustapha,'' said Morgiana, "you must take 
your sewing-tackle, and go with me; but you must be blind- 
folded.^' After a little hesitation, Baba Mustapha consented, and 
Morgiana, binding his eyes, led him to Cassim's house and into 
the room where the mutilated body lay. Here she gave him 
another piece of gold and bade him sew the quarters of the body 
together. After Baba Mustapha had done as she wished him, 
the bandage was again placed over his eyes and he was conducted 
back to the spot near his stall from whence he was brought. 
The body of Cassim being now in a condition for the performance 
of the funeral rites peculiar to Eastern customs, they were pro- 
ceeded with in a manner least likely to awaken curiosity or sus- 
picion among the neighbours. Morgiana, who took upon herself 
the chief direction of this affair, acted with such caution, that no 
one had the slightest suspicion her master had not died a natural 
death. 

To return to the thieves ; at the usual hour they came to their 
retreat, and great was their surprise to find Cassim's body had 
been taken away, and also some of their gold. A consultation 
was immediately held, when it was decided to lay aside their 
ordinary occupations and devote all their skiQ and attention to 
the discovery of the person or persons who evidently held pos- 
ession of their secret. All the thieves approved and agreed that 

84 



ttey must follow this closely, and not desist until they had suc- 
ceeded. To this end, one of the band volunteered to enter the 
town in diBguise, and so confident was he of success in his misson, 
that he entered into a compact with the band to forfeit his life 
if he foiled to discover the intruder. 

The robber, having disguised himself, set out at once and 
entered the town just at day-break ; no one was stirring at that 
early hour except Baba Mustapha, the sound of whose hammer 
attracted the attention of the thief. Coming up to the stall, he 
accosted Baba Mustapha as follows :  " Good morrow, honest 
fiiendj you are an early riser for so aged a man; I should have 
thought your eyesight was scarcely strong enough to see to work 



A L I B A B A. 

80 early/' '' Well, stranger," answered Mostapha, " I have most 
extraordinary eyesight. Why it was but a day or so since that I 
sewed a dead body t(^ether in a place where I had not half so 
much light as I have now ! " This communication assured the 
thief that his good fortune had directed him to the very man he 
wanted. Pretending to doubt Mustapha's story, he learned firom 
him the particulars of his having been blindfolded both on his way 
to the house where the body lay and on his return. This decided 
the thief at once ; by strong persuasion, and the promise of two 
gold pieces, Baba Mustapha consented to have his eyes bound and 
endeavour to remember the road he had formerly traversed under 
similar circumstances. He rose from his seat, led the thief to 
the spot where Morgiana had bound his eyes, and where the thief 
did so likewise ; when blindfold, Mustapha said, " This was the 
way I turned,'* and followed by the thief he proceeded with great 
deliberation until he arrived directly opposite Cassim's house; 
'' I went no further than here,*' said he. The thief gave him the 
promised reward, marked the door of the house with a piece of 
chalk, and returned, highly pleased with his success, to the forest. 
The captain highly commended his diligence, and it was decided 
that the whole troop should enter the town, two or three at a time, 
and await the further orders of their captain in the great square. 
Ali Baba had removed to Cassim's house soon after the funeral, 
and Morgiana was now in his service. Just as the thief and Baba 
Mustapha had parted, she returned from an errand she had been 
~pon for her master, and instantly detected the mysterious chalk 
\ upon the door. Her suspicions of danger were aroused, but 

86 



having no clue I^ irliich to direct them, ahe contented herself by 
marhing two or three of the neighbour'a doors on either side in a 
similar manner. 

Meanwhile the robbers had all entered the town, the captain 
and the spy last ; and when they came to the street where Ali 
Baba lived, he showed the captain one of the houses which Mor> 
giana had marked, and said that was it; but the captfun observed 
that the next doors were chalked as well, and showing it to his 
guide, demanded to know which was tlic house. The guide was 
87 



ALI BABA. 



80 oonfouaded that he knew not what to answer^ and the captain 
seeing five or six houses all similarly marked, ordered his troop to 
return to their stronghold in the forest. On arriving at the cave, 
they held a council to discuss the failure of their expedition, and 
to decide what further steps to take. Exasperated at their present 
fidlure, they demanded the forfeited life of their baffled comrade ; 
and he was accordingly executed. Another of the gang came 
forward and undertook the same task, on the same conditions. 
He went to Baba Mustapha, bribed him as the other had done, 
and marked the door with red chalk in a place which, as he ima 
gined, was remote from sight. But Morgiana, whose eyes nothing 
it appears could escape, saw the red chalk, and marked the neigh- 
bour's houses in the same place and manner. On the arrival of 
the captain and his guide they found the same difficulty; at which 
the captain was enraged, and his gidde in as great confusion as 
as his predecessor was before him. The band, on their return to 
the forest, awarded the same death to this robber as they had done 
to the other. Unwilling to sacrifice the lives of his men, the cap- 
tain himself undertook the task. By the aid of Baba Mustapha 
he found the house, and took so careful a survey of it that it was 
impossible he could mistake it. Returning to his band, he pro- 
cured nineteen mules and eight-and-thirty large jars, filling one 
of their number with oil. In each of the other jars he placed 
one of his men, until the whole troop were secreted, leaving them 
room to breathe by making holes under the places where the 
jars were tied at the top. Things being thus prepared, the captain 
drove the mules into town in the dusk of the evening, and passed 

88 



ID the direction of Ali Baba's home. Finding Ali Baba seated 
at tiis door, the pretended oil merchant civiU; requested a place 
for his goods and a lodging for himself until to-morrow's market, 
as he had travelled far that day, and had arrived in toim too late 
to find accomodation. Ali Baba told him he wa welcome to 
place the merchandize in his court-yard for safe^ during the 
nightj not having the slightest sm^icion of treachery ; for though 
he had seen the robber captain in the forest, and heard his voice 
when pronouncing the secret words which opened the gates of 
the cave, he appeared now in so different a character that it 
would have been next to impossible to have recognized him. 



ALI BABA. 

So Ali Babs opened Ids gates for the mules to go into the yaid, 
and ordeied Moigiana to prepare a good sapper and a bed for 
his guest. When the captain had unloaded his nraleaiy Ali Baba 
went to him and inrited him into the hall, telling him he would 
not permit him to stay in the yard all night. The captain made 
an apology for the trouble he was giving, and accepted the invita- 
tion. Ali Baba not only bore him company, but entertained him 
with many things to divert him until the hour for retiring to 
rest had arrived. Morgiana, who had been very busy during the 
evening, had still some work to do after the household had retired. 
Finding the oil in her lamp exhausted, and having none handy, 
she bethought her of the merchant's oil in the court-yard, and 
ran out with her lamp to fill it firom one of the jars; when 
she came to the first jar, the thief within said softly  ^''Is it 
time ? " Though very much astonished, she answered, " Not yet,** 
and went in the same manner to the other jars, giving the same 
answer, until she came to the jar of oil. She was now aware that 
her master was watched by foes, and determined to save him from 
them. She placed a great kettle upon the fire, filled it with oil 
fix>m the ftdl jar, and as soon as it boiled she went and poured 
enough into every jar to stifle and destroy the thief within. As 
soon as this was accomplished, she heard the captain giving a 
signal to his band by throwing stones at the jars. Receiving 
no answer he descended to the court-yard, and looking into the 
jars discovered what had happened. Enraged, and in despair at 
being foiled in his design, he forced the lock of the garden door 
vnd made his escape. 

90 



Knowing that all immediate danger was over, Morgiana did 
not consider it necessaiy to inform lier maater of the occurrences 
of the night until his return from the bath in the morning. 
Hia astonishment at her narrative was great in the extreme ; but 
when, at her request, he inspected the oil jars, he was almost 
frightened out of bis wits. Morgiana then informed him of the 
mTsterioos chalk marks which had been placed upon his door, 
and the meaus she had adopted to foil the evident eril inten- 
tions of bis enemies. Ali Baba listened to ever^ word she said 
81 



with amasemeat; and a feeling of gratitude for the faithful 8er< 
vices of his devoted slave led him to pour forth a fiood of thanks ; 
"Yon hare preserved my life," he added, "and deprad upon 
it your fiitaie happiness shall he the study of my life. From 
this moment yon are ireel And now we must consider as to 
the disposal of the robbers bodies." At Morgiana's suggestion, 
he dug a deep trench at the bottom of the garden, in a spot 
overshadowed with trees, and buried the bodies there; the jars 
ad mules were removed to a distance and sold. 



Meanwhile tlie robber captain sat alone in his cave. The 
loneliness of the place eeemed frightM to him. His stubborn 
natur^^ vas much moved by the loss of hia companions, and he 
f<nined a stem resoWe to avenge them or perish in the attempt. 
Ttus resolution being taken, he became more settled in his 
mind, and slept soundly. The next morning he went to the 
town, and took a lodging at a khan or inn; he took upon him 
the name of Cc^a Housaain, and opened a shop for the sale of 
merchandize} directly opposite one kept by the son cf Ali Baba. 



He next set to work to cnltirate the friendBhip of AH Baba's 
son, with the view of getting introduced to his father's house. 
In this he succeeded. Ali Baba, hearing of the intimacjr which 
had ^mng op between his son and the rich merchant, Ck)gia 
Houaaain, invited the latter to sup with him. The invitatioa 
94 



A L I B A B A. 



was very gkdiy accepted; but no sooner had he arrived, than 
the quick eye of Morgiana knew him to be the captain of the 
robbers. She also observed that he had a dagger secreted in his 
robe. Confident that he sought her master's life, she formed 
the resolution of baffling him at all hazards. Having armed 
herself with a sharp dagger, and attired herself as a daneer, she 
entered the room and solicited her master's permission to display 
her skill before his guest; this was readily given, and to the 
accompaniment of a tabor, she executed several dances of so 
graceful a character as to obtain the applause of all present. 
But having observed the robber chief's hand beneath his robe, 
she moved toward him with the tabor as if to solicit a gift; then, 
with a sudden movement, she started up to her fiill height and 
plunged her dagger in his heart. 

Once more Ali Baba acknowledged he owed his life to Mor* 
giana, and this time he detennined it should not pass without 
reward. Moigiana and his son had long been attached to each 
other. They were married the next day ; and &om the treasures 
of the robber's cave, Ali Baba gave her a dowry fit for a princess, 
whilst to her husband he imparted the secret of replenishing itj 
should it ever become exhausted. 



KOT. 

Of thig tale of "AH Baba, or the Forty Thieves/* it is only 
ncHH'imary to obsorvo, that it has been selected for the present series, 
OS forniingy together with "Aladdin, or the Wonderfid Lamp," the 
.net popular and plea.ix,g among the rtorie- of the "Arabian Night's 
liliitortainmcut8**~a series which could not pass unrepresented in a 
vuluuio like the present one. 



THE FAMOUS HISTORY 

OF 

ROBIN HOOD. 



E 



EOBIN HOOD. 



BoBiN Hood ivas bom in the reiga of King Heniy the 
Second, at Lockdey, in the cotm^ of Nottingham, and of good 
99 B 



BOBIN HOOD. 

family; indeed, it is said, that one time of His life he was 
Earl of Huntingdon* His father was very fond of archery 
and other field sports, and he taught them all to his son. 
Bobin learned so fast and so well, that at the age of fifteen 
he was the hest archer in the whole country side, and victor 
at all games of skill or trials of strength, but he was a very 
wild young fellow, and cared little what he did or what he 
spent. One day he met some foresters, and they made a bet with 
him that he could not shoot a deer which was standing at a 
very great distance; he did it, but they refused to pay their 
bet, so he was offended and left them, and when he was a 
little way off they laughed at him, which made him very angry, 
so in the heat of passion he turned round and shot at them 
with his arrows until he had killed them all. Almost before 
he was a man he had spent all his fortune and got deeply 
in debt by keeping three hundred bowmen to be his companions 
in his sports, and so many were the pranks he played, and so 
great were his debts, that the abbot of a monastery close by 
became his enemy and caused him to be outlawed. He then 
went and lived in the woods and killed the king's deer for 
food. Some other young men, who were wild like himself, went 
with him, others joined them, and in a few years there was 
about one hundred of them, with Bobin for their captain. 
They were all dressed exactly alike  in coats of Lincoln green 
and scarlet caps with feathers in them. They were generally 
armed with bows and arrows, in the use of which they were 
very expert, not only when shooting the king's fat deer in 

100 



the forest of Sherwood vhen they vanted it for food, or io 
protecting themselTea or others agtuost their coeinies  for 
they had a great many, some of whom often pursued them 
to take them prisoners or to kill them  ^but also in shooting 
for prizes at the furs or festivals and rejoicings of neighbouring 
towns and villages, where they sometimes went in disguise. 
Some wonderful tales are told of their skill; shooting the 
fleet Bt^ when it was running at its fullest speed being the 
least of their exploits ; Bhooting the swallows when they were 
flying, or the topmost leaf off the highest tree when the branch 
101 



was blown about by the vind. Any of them could hit the 
centre of & toi^l a hundred yards ofij but Robin, who was 
the cleverest of them all, could, with his own arrow, split any 
of theirs whilst they stuck iu the tai^t, or split a thin willow 
wand at an equal distance. They spent most of their time 
in robbing the rich and proud, and in assisting the poor and 
needy, for Bobin never would let them take anything from 
anybody who could not well spare it, and always gave what 
he could to those who needed it ; indeed, it ia said of Mm, that 
although he was a robber, he never missed an opportunity of 
doing good to the poor. 

103 



The fEone of their actions spread &r and near, and th^ veie 
known ever; where as Bobin Hood and his merry men. One 
of the chief of them was John Little, whom Bobin one day met 
OD a narrow bridge, and as neither would allow the other to 
pass peaceably, they fooght with sticks until they were tired, 
when Little John knocked Bobin over into the water, and when 
103 



mOBIN HOOD* 

He liad swam ashore they both admired each others courage 
and skill so much, that they became Mends and were scarcely 
ever parted afterwards. John Little was nearly seven feet high, 
so the companions of Bobin called him Little John, for fun, and 
he went by that name ever after. There was another named 
Scarlet, whom Bobin met with in much the same way, and 
after shooting, quarreling, and fighting, he found out that he 
was his own relation, who had done something very wicked and 
had rmi away from home to find Bobin and live with him in 
the forest; and a third called Much, or Midge, a miller's son, 
these three were the fast friends of Bobin for life ; they always 
went with him wherever he went, and always remained near 
enough to him to be ready at a call to assist, to protect, or 
to defend him. 

Having heard of a friar named Tuck, who lived near, as a 
merry fellow and a very strong fellow, Bobin went to see him. 
The friar was walking by the waterside, and Bobin called out 
that he must come and carry him bver. The friar very patiently 
took him upon his back and carried him over quite easily, but 
he then said that Bobin in return for being taken across ought 
to carry him back again ; Bobin consented, and taking up the 
friar, went through the stream with him, but he said that the 
friar was twice as heavy as himself and so he ought to have 
two rides for the other's one. The friar took him up again, 
but when they were about half way over, hitched him off into 
the water and left him to get out how he could. This vexed 
Bobin so much that he shot arrows at the friar until he had 

104 



not one left; but the friar was not hurt, for he had armour 
nnder hia &ock. After that they fought for a long time irith 
swords, hut Bohiu gained no advantage, so he blew his horn 
for hia men to come and help him ; but when they appeared, 
the iiriar gave a loud whistle, and a great many large dogs 
came round him and began to tear Robin Hood's clothes. 
105 



Idttte Jobn shot tro or three of them, and the other men shot 
at them also, and the dogs flew at them and bit them, but the 
friar and Robin thought it better to agree to be friends than 
the noble men should be bitten or the fine dogs sbun, so 
they shook hands t^ heartily, and Bobin persuaded the Mar 
to go and live irith him as his chaplain. This mta jnst the 
way frith Bobin, when be found any one to. be as strong, aa 
braTe, and as skilful as himself, instead of continuiiig the 
fight, he made a bargain to be friends, and it was much 
better than fighting until one of them was killed. 
106 



Some time after this, vheii Bobm, disguised &s & pe&sant, 
waa iralking in the forest, he met a young page, and as he 
liked to try the courage of every one by pretending to quarrel, 
he soon provoked the page to fight with him, although Bobin 
was much the biggest and strongest man of the two. When 
they fought until they were weary, the page's cap fell off, and 
107 



BOBIN HOOD. 

a lot of fair hair fell from under it, and to Robin's surprise 
it was no page at all, but a beautiful lady called Maid Marian, 
mrhom he had loved and promised to many before he was made 
an outlaw; so he threw off his own disguise, and they were 
both highly delighted to find each other again. Then she told 
him how miserable she had been when he was banished; that 
her father had shut her up in a room, locked her in, and set 
rough fellows to guard her, treating her very ill because she 
would love Robin; at last he threatened to marry her to an 
old man, so she bribed the rough guard to let her escape, and 
had come to the forest that she might find Robin and live 
with him and love him, and never leave him more. So Friar 
Tuck married them, and Robin made a great feast, and the 
men made garlands for the captain's wife, and treated her so 
kindly she had no need of bridesmaids. They called her their 
queen, l)ecause they were proud of her beauty and loved her 
gentle manners, and they kept up the merry makings in honor 
of the wedding for many days. 

Robin had many personal quarrels, but although he was one 
of the strongest of men and one of the most skilful in defending 
himself, still he sometimes met with one who was too much 
for him ; one of these was a beggar man with whom he fought, 
and the beggar man beat him until he was sore. Another 
was only a shepherd and fought with his crook, but he con- 
quered both Robin Hood and Little John one after the other. 
And a third called the "Pinder of Wakefield,'' but he was 
the bravest of all, for he fought Robin Hood, Little John, 

108 



And Scarlet for a whole day long, and beat tliem in the end, 
BO you see they did not always get the beet of it. 

Robin Hood had a very great dislike to priests, because of 
the abbot having caused him to be outlawed, bo he punished 
them whenever he had a chance. He once sent Scarlet and 
Little John to see if one should pass; in a little while two 
black monka came riding by on mules, so Little John told 
them "The Master" wanted them to dine with him; they did 
not know who " The Master" was, but seeing that Scarlet and 
Little John were armed, and they were not, they had no 
109 



choice, and suffered themselves to be led to irheie Bobin yna, 
he treated them very ciTilly and made them eat a good dinner 
and drink wine, but when it was over and he asked them to 
pay, they sfud they had only a few coins about them ; Bolou 
did not believe it, but said that if it were true he would let 
them go, but if not, he would keep all tiiey had and beat them 
into the bargain. Little John made a search and found eight 
hundred pounds in their saddle b^; at this Bobin laughed, 
but when he found it was his enemy, the abbot's, mon^, he 
'rbcd still more; so the monks seeing that their money was 
110 



lost, utd that they were likely to get knocked al^out for tell' 
ing lies, ran away as fast as they could go, Bobin Hood and 
his men laughing at them all the time. The abbot was very 
angry when he heard of it, and complained to the king. The 
king ofiered a reward to any one who would take Bobin pri- 
soner ^ of course a great many tried but none of them could 
do it, and Bobin grew bo daring that one day he and his men 
being in the wood and meeting with several of the king's own 
serrants who were taking home a good deal of money to the 
king, they lell upon them, beat them very aeverdy till they 
111 



vere almoBt dead, took all the numey Smua them, and told 
them that when they could crawl home again thef might 
tell the king, tbeik master, that Rohin Hood, the Master 
of Sherwood, had taken the money to pay his men with. 
At thia the king was very angry, and said he would give twice 
"hat he offered before to any one who would take Bobin Hood. 
112 



One Sir Guy of Gisbome, a very valiant knight, and very con> 
fident, promised the king he would take him. He soon rode 
to the Forest of Sherroodj and meeting with Robin called out 
to him to yield as a prisoner, hut Kobin said he would not, 
ao the knight drew his sword and attacked him, but Kobin 
fought so well that he soon killed Sir Guy, and cutting off 
his head he hung it upon a tree. Another brave fellow, a 
tinker, got a copy of the king's warrant against Robin and 
113 



BOBIN HOOD. 

flouglit him out, but as he did not know him when they met, 
Bobin pretended to be somebody else^ and said he would help 
the tinker, so they went to an alehouse together where the 
tinker got dnmk and fell asleep, and Bobin stole both his 
warrant and his money, and left him, so when the tinker awoke 
and found out the trick he was Tery vexed, and being a strong 
man he followed Bobin, and when he came up with him he 
made him stand and fight, and beat him so severely that he was 
glad to blow his horn for his men. Little John, Scarlet, 
and Midge would soon have made short work of it with the 
tinker, but Bobin forbid them, and offered him a share of all 
they had if he would be one of them, and, strange to say, 
the tinker consented; so Bobin got another man and the king 
could not get Bobin; co the king found it better just to leave 
Bobin alone. It is said that Bobin some time after got the 
king's pardon, and in this manner:  Bobin having rendered 
the queen some slight service on an occasion when she was 
crossing a flooded stream; she, to reward him, at the first 
opportunity, when the king was going to give a grand feast, 
invited Bobin and some of his men to be present and display 
their skill in archery before the king. So they went in disguise, 
mud not only in archery, but in every other game that was 
played for the amusement of the court, Bobin and his men 
beat every one else; they could always do something more 
and something far cleverer than the cleverest of the others, 
and if anyone said anything to make the king and the company 
laugh, Bobin and his men would say something to make them 

114 



laugh &r morsj lo the^ carried off all the prizes, attracted bo 
much attentioa, and bo pleaaed the king, that he oSered to grant . 
tbem any request they choose to make. The queen, who heard 
him, Baid he had better grant them his pardon, and leare to 
lire 38 they had done. The king asked where they had lived, 
and what they had done to require pardon. Then Biobin and 
his men kneeling, confessed who they were and b^ged mercy, 
bat the king, pretending to be angry, asked about the robberj 
of the money, when the queen came forward and said that Robin 
had sent it all to her, requesting her to give it to the poor, and 
H5 



BOBIN HOOD. 



that it had sayed many families from want in the oold winter. 
So the king pardoned them and sent* them away with presents, 
but said that they must not rob his treasurers any more. They 
returned to Sherwood Forest and lived a much quieter life for 
some time. 

When Bichard the First, who was king after Henry, went 
to the Holy Land to fight in the Crusades, Bobin Hood again 
became known for the boldness of his deeds and his Tcinilnftim 
to the distressed; and although he was a robber he was pious, 
and had prayers said to him every day ; indeed, it is said that 
he was so sincere in his devotions that he would not leave off 
before his set service was finished even to defend himself 
against the attack of his enemies; he would never allow 
a woman to be injured, nor any one in woman's company. 
One story of him is that he sent his men as usual to watch 
for passers by, and they, seeing a knight on horseback riding 
along weary and dejected, invited him to dine with their 
master. Bobin treated him very kindly, made him eat and 
drink of the best, trying to cheer him because he looked so 
sad, and at last asked what made him so uneasy; then the 
knight said that an abbot had lent four hundred pounds 
upon his house and land for a year, that it must be paid again 
the next day or the house and land would be the abbot's, and 
he, his wife, and children, beggars ; that he had been in foreign 
countries to seek for aid to pay it, and could get none, and was 
riding home with only ten shillings in his pocket. Bobin so 
litied liim, that he not only gave him enough money to redeem 

116 



his land, but a haudfiome horse, and a great deal of fine stuff 
for dresses for himself and family besides, and sent him 
away happy and &11 of gratitude. 

Another story is, that he one day saw a young knight riding 
by rery gay and singing merrily, but the day aiter saw him 
returning very sad indeed, so he invited him to take a cup of 
wine, and to tell him why he was so changed in so short a 
time. The young knight told him his name was Alan-a-Dale, 
that the day before he was on his way to marry a sweet 
young lady, but when he arrived he foujid her father waa 
117 



going to marry her to a Tery old man agunst lier will, and 
tliat it vas to take place that very day at a church not 
&r off. Robin gathered together some of lus men and bdd 
the yoong knight to folloir to the church in their company, 
and he vould go before in the disguise of a minstrel. He 
Sred jost as the priest vas about to proceed irith the 
118 



ROBIN HUOD. 

marriage^ and in a lond voice forbid him to go on; before 
the company conld recover rom their snrprise^ the joxmg 
knight arrived with Bobin^s men, and the young lady said she 
loved Alan-a-Dale better than either the old man or any one 
else; so Bobin and his men turned the whole party out of 
the church. Friar Tuck married the young couple, and they 
went away happy. On another occasion Bobin and his men 
rescued three young men from the officers who were taking 
them to be hanged: they were a poor widow's sons, and 
this is how it occurred:  He was walking in the streets of 
Nottingham disguised, when he saw an old woman sitting on 
a step rocking herself to and firo, weeping, and looking very 
much distressed; he went up to her, asked her what was the 
matter, and offered her some money, but she said it was not 
money she wanted, and fell to weeping more and more. Then 
he begged of her to tell him what was the cause of her sorrow 
and misery; after some little time she answered that he was 

 

the cause of it all, which surprised him very much, and he 
desired her to teU him how he could be the cause of her 
distress who was a stranger to her; she said he was no stranger 
for she knew him well enough by his voice, and as to her 
grief he alone was to blame for it all ; he begged of her again 
to teU him how; so she told him that her three sons, the only 
sons she had, were followers of his and had lived with him in 
the forest, were fine brave fellows and her only support, that they 
had been taken prisoners by the men belonging to the Sheriff 
of Nottingham, had been tried and sentenced to be hanged for 

119 



BOBIN HOOD. 

killing tlie king's fallow deer in the wood^ and that tkey 
were to be hanged that day; that she knew not what she 
would do when they were dead^ but she thought she would 
die too. Then he told her to take comfort and not to fret^ 
for he would take care that her sons should not be hanged^ 
that they were such noble fellows^ so faithful and so true to 
him^ that he would not lose them for ^anything. Then the old 
woman fell down on her knees and would haye thanked him for 
his promises^ and blessed him too, but he would not allow her 
lest it should attract the attention of the people in the street, 
who, if they found out who he was, might collect such a 
crowd as would bring down the sheriff and his men upon 
him, and make it difficult for him to escape and impossible 
to release her sons; so they seperated and went different 
ways, she hoping he would be able to keep his promise, and 
he determined to do it. Presently he met an old monk; 
"What news?'' says Robin. ''Three squires are to be hanged 
for killing the king's fallow deer," was- the reply; so Robin 
offered the old man a lot of money if he would exchange clothes 
with him, which he accepted; he then dressed himself in the 
monk's gown, went his way, and soon met the proud sheriff. 
'' Oh, what will you give to a poor old man that is willing 
to act as your hangman," said Robin ; the sheriff promised him a 
new suit of clothes and some money if he would act as hangman, 
so Robin promised to do so, but when the three young brothers 
were brought out, Robin put his horn to his mouth and a hundred 
and fifty stout fellows with bows and arrows soon came rushing 

120 



forward. Then he blew s second blast, and sixty more men came 
nishing over the plain. "Oh, who are these? "says the proud 
sheriff'. " They are my attendants," says Robin, " and they have 
haTB come to pay you a visit." Now the sberifF waft a bad man 
who never gave anything to the poor, bo they bound him and hung 
him on the gallows, and set their own brave fellows free. 
131 



BOBIN HOOD* 

Bobin liaying heard that the Bishop of Hereford was to pass 
through the wood^ he and his men killed a &t deer and dressed 
it hj the way-side to attract his attention; when he came by 
he, feeling yery confident because he had a good many armed 
servants and some few soldiers with him, and seeing that Bobin 
had but few, and being haughty and , arrogant as weHj he stopped 
his horse and abused Robin and his men for killing the deer, 
and said he would take them to the king, but Bobin blew 
his horn for a hundred of his men who soon put the bishop's 
followers to flight, and they seized the bishop and led him away 
to their haunts in the wood, and there they made him eat and 
drink whether he would or no, and made him pay for it with 
all the bags of gold he had with him, and then dance in his 
boots for their amusement as long as he was able. This, and 
other tricks, caused the Bishop of Ely, who was a great man 
when the king was away, to go with a number of soldiers to 
take him, and he attacked Bobin Hood in the forest; but 
Bobin and his men won the fight and the bishop was obliged 
to fly. This reaching the king's ears on his return firom the 
war, he said he would go himself and see if he could subdue 
this famous Bobin Hood, but liking adventures, he went in 
disguise as a monk, and so did those who went with him. 
When Bobin met them, he thought the king was an abbot 
and that the others were monks in his company, so he seized 
the king's horse by the bridle and said he had a spite against 
all such as abbots, who lived in pomp and pride, and therefore 
''^ must away with him into the wood; but the king answered 

122 



that they were meMengers, whom the lung, who was not &r 
off, had sent to say that they wished to speak with him, and 
Robin said he loved the king, and would do anything for him, 
and as th^ were the king's mesBengen they should be well 
treated; then he took them into the wood, and blowing his 
horn a hundred and ten of his men came and knelt down before 
him, which nude the kin g wonder and aay to his fcdlowers 
that it was a finer sight than could be seen at court. Bobin 
then told his men to display their skill in the sports of the 
forest for the amusement of the king's messeng^n, and to do 



it as if it vera to please tlie king himedf ; they did fio many 
Tonderfiil ttungs, and so many brave things, that the king 
declared Buch men could not be found ebewhere. Bohin then 
^et his visitors down to s splendid feast of venison, fowls^ and 
124 



ROBIN HOOD. 

fiali^ -with plenty of ale and inne, and ihej were all very merry 
together. Then Bobin took a tankard of wine and said they 
must all drink the health of the king; when they had done so, 
the king amongst the rest^ Robin's men all cheered so loudly 
that even the king was astonished; so he said to Bobin that 
they all seemed very fond of the king^ and would be fine fellows 
to serve the king if they could but get his pardon: Bobin 
replied that they would^ and would serve him truly^ for there 
was no man they loved so much as the king; so the king threw 
off his disguise, and Bobin and his men knelt down before him 
and asked for pardon. The king said they should be pardoned 
all they had done if Bobin would leave the forest and go and 
live with him at court. So Bobin went and lived with the king 
for a year, but he grew weary of the court and pined for his 
merry green wood and his merry companions, so he begged of 
the king to let him go back, and the king did so. So he went 
back and lived the same life he did before until he was an old 
man. One day, being unwell, he said to his old friend Little 
John, ''We have shot many a pound, but I am not able to 
shoot one shot more, my arrows will not flee.'' He said that 
he felt so ill that he must go to his cousin, at Kirkley Hall, that 
she might bleed him. Now Bobin's cousin was not a goo4 
woman, yet when he arrived at the Hall she pretended to 
be very kind, and begged that he would have some wine, 
but Bobin said that he would neither eat nor drink until 
she bled him; so she led him to a private room, and when 
she had bled him, she locked him in the room and left him 

125 



aloae. Nov tlii> wu a veiy wicked tUng to do. Abont the 
middle of the next day, poor Bobin, finding that no one came 
near him, knew that all waa not right, bo he thought he might 
escape hj the window, bnt he was so weak and ill that he 
could not jiunp down; he then thought of his horn, ao he 
blew three blasts, and although they were very weak, stQl 
they were strong enough to be heard by his constant and 
kind friend Little John, who soon broke the locks open and 
was quickly at his taaster'a side. "Oh, master, grant me a 
booni" said Little John. "What is the boon?" sud Robin. 
"That I may bom this fair Kirkley Hall for the injury that 
-9 been done to you, my kind master," said Little John. Then 
126 



BOBIN HOOD. 

Bobin ansrered, "No, I have never injured a woman in mj 
life, nor man in woman's company, and I will not do so now." 
This' was right of Bobin, who, although he had been an outlaw, 
knew how to BETUEN GOOD FOB EVIL. 

Feeling MmBelf dying, he asked for his how and arrows, and 
b^^ed Little John to prop him np that he might shoot one 
arrow more before he died, and when he had shot it throogh 
the window he sidd they were to bury him where it fell; 
that they were to lay a green sod under his bead, and another 
under his feet; that his bow and arrows should be laid by his 
side, and that his grave was to be made of " gravel and green," 
that the people might say, " Here lies bold Bobin Hood." 
All this was readily promised, which pleased him very much, 
and " there they buried bold Bobin Hood, near to the fair 
Kirkleys." 



*^ BoBiK Hood was bom at Lockslej, in the county of Nottingham, in 
the reign of King Hemy the Second, and about the year of Christ 1160. 
His extraction was noble, and his true name IIobsbt Fitzooth, which 
vulgar pronunciation easily corrupted into BoBiy Hoon. He is fre- 
quently styled, and commonly reputed to have been, Eabl of Huktino- 
noK ; a title to which, in the latter part of his life at least, he actually 
appears to have had some sort of pretension. In his vouth he is re- 
ported to have been of a wild and extravagant disposition, insomuch 
that his inheritance being consumed or forfeited by his excesses, and his 
person outlawed for debt, either from necessity or choice he sought an 
asylum in the woods and forests, with which immense tracts, especially 
in the northern parts of the kingdom, were at that time covered. Of 
these he chiefly affected Bamsdale, in Yorkshire ; Sherwood, in Not- 
tinghamshire ; and, according to some, Plumpton-park, in Cumberland. 
Here he either found, or was afterwards joined by, a number of persons 
in similar circumstances, who appear to have considered and obeyed 
him as their chief or leader, and of whom his principal favorites, or 
those in whose courage and fidelity he most confided, were Little Johit 
(whose surname is said to have been JNailor), William Scablock 
(Scathelock, or Scarlet), George a Green, pinder (or pound-keeper), 
of Wakefield, Much, a miller's son, and a certain monk or frier, named 
Tuck. He is likevrise said to have been accompanied in his retreat by 
a female; of whom he was enamoured, and whose real or adopted name 
was IVIariak. 

" Having, for a long series of years, maintained a sort of independent 
sovereignty, and set kings, judges, and magistrates at defiance, a pro- 
clamation was published offering a considerable reward for bringing nim 
in either dead or alivei; which, however, sems to have been productive of 
no greater success than former attempts for that purpose. At length, 
the infirmities of old age increasing upon him, and desirous to be re- 
lieved, in a fit of sickness, by being let blood, he applied for that pur- 
pose to the prioress of Kirkleys-nunnery in Yorkshire, his rela&on, 
(women, and particularly religious women, being, in those times, some- 
what better skilled in surgery than the sex is at present), by whom he was 
treacherously suffered to bleed to death. This event happened on the 
18th of November, 124-7, being the thirty-first year of King Henry III. 
and, (if the date assigned to his birth be correct) about the 87th of his 
age. He was interred under some trees, at a short distance from the 
house ; a stone being placed over his grave, with an inscription to his 

^mory."  EUson. 



THE SLEEPING BEAUTY. 



THE SLEEPING BEAUTY. 

When people have bad to wait for a long time for any- 
thing they very much want, they are apt to prize it all tlie 
more, whenever it does come, than if their wieh had been 
fulfilled directly it waa uttered. It is so with the letters we 
13X 



THE SLEEPING BEAUTY. 

get at school^ written by our firiends at home; the longer we 
have to wait for them^ the more we value them; it is the 
same thing with prizes and rewards of all kinds; and so it 
was also with the king and queen about whom I am going to 
tell you, if you will sit down and listen, and not interrupt me. 

Well,  once upon a time there liyed a king and queen, who 
loved each other tenderly. They had only one drawback to 
their happiness, and this consisted in the fact that they had 
no children; so they were very glad indeed when a fairy 
came one day to court and announced to the king and queen 
that their wish was at length to be fulfilled, and that a little 
daughter would be sent them. 

When the baby, came there were great rejoicings. It was a 
beautifiil little chubby baby, with blue eyes, and a fidr skin; 
and it was wonderfiiUy good, and scarcely ever cried. Great 
preparations were at once made for the christening, and every 
good Eury in the neighbourhood was invited to act as god- 
mothei to the little princess, that she might be under the 
especial protection of the fairies in after Ufe, and that they 
might shower gifts and graces upon her. 

But in sending out the list of invitations, a great mistake 
was made. One old fairy, of great power and a very crabbed 
temper, was by accident left out. She had been travelling 
abroad, and the king's chamberlain did not know she had yet 
returned. That is how it happened. 

When the christening was over, the guests all went into a 
great hall to partake of a splendid banquet. The king and 

132 



queen bad made every eSort to do honor to their Gompaziy; 
and each of the seven fairies, who had come to act as god- 
mothers, was provided with a piste of pure gold to eat from, 
and a case containing a knife, fork, and spooon, enriched with 
rabies and emeralds, as a token of the parent's respect and 
gratitude. They had only just begun their feast, when the 
old fairy came hobbling in, and in a sulky tone, desired that 
room should be made for her among the other fairies. This 
was done at once, and she sat down to table. But when she 



saw tLat her knife aod fork were inferior to those used by the 
other fiiiries, she was angry indeei^, and began muttering 
between her teeth in a very ill-tempered way. 

Luckily, one of the fairies had noticed these black looks, and 
knowing the old hag's character, she felt sure she would cast 
some wicked spell over the little innocent baby. So when the 
banquet was over, she went and hid herself behind the tapestry 
hangings of the dining room, ao that when the other fairies offered 
their gifts to the princess, she might come last, and try to avert 
any mischief the old hag, in her malice, might try to do. 
184 



THE SLEEPING BEAUTY. 

The fairies came fofward and bestowed their gifts upon the 
little baby princess. The first promised her splendid and brilliant 
beauty; the second^ cleverness and abiKty to learn; a third, 
kindness of heart and gratitude; and so they went on, each 
giving her some good quality or other, imtil it came to the turn 
of the wicked old hag to speak. 

That bad fairy came straight into the middle of the floor, 
and stretching out her hand, exclaimed :  " My gift to the 
princess is  that she shall pierce her hand with a spindle and 
die of the wound ! " Then, with a yell of laughter, and a look 
of the deadliest spite, she vanished. 

All present were seized with horror and amazement ; from the 
kingi who. sat on the throne, to the little scullion who peeped 
at the festivities from behind the door. The king and queen 
were so much grieved that they wept, and many of the courtiers 
expressed their sympathy in a similar manner. But at this 
moment the young fairy stepped from behind the tapestry where 
she had been concealed, and said, in a gentle voice  '^ Do not 
grieve, my good friends, for things are not so bad as you imagine. 
The old fairy has spoken in hate and malice ; but I can partly 
avert the effect of her anger  though not completely. Your 
daughter shall indeed pierce her hand with a spindle," she con- 
tinued, turning to the king and queen. ''But she shall not die 
of the wound. She shall only be cast into a deep sleep. For 
one hundred years she shall slumber, until, at the appointed time, 
the appointed person comes to wake her." Thus spoke the good 
fairy, and vanished ; and the christening party broke up in sadness. 

185 



THB SLEEPING BEAUTY. 

The king and queen took all possible pains witH the education 
of their little daughter ; and, as she grew, the effects of the 
fairy gifts were clearly visible. She became more beautiful every 
day; and, what was of more consequence still, she became kind 
and gentle to every one about her, so that all loved and admired 
her. Nurses and governesses had no trouble at all with her ; and 
even the domestic animals seemed somehow to know how kind 
and good she was. The great gruff house dog who lived in the 
kennel in the castle yard, and who barked at every one else, 
would snigger, and wag his tail, and tumble with delight, directly 
the little princess came in view ; and he would let her put gar- 
lands of flowers round his neck, and play with him by the hour 
together; and the more she pulled his ears the better he liked it. 
She was indeed a most lovely and loveable little girl. 

One precaution, however, the king was careful to take. He 
had every spindle in the palace destroyed, and forbade every one, 
under pain of death, to use one. Nobody was even to utter the 
word " spindle,'' and the king actually discharged three of his 
footmen because they had spindle-shanks, and thus reminded him 
of the fairy's prediction. 

But all these precautions were fruitless. When the princess 
was just sixteen years old, the king and queen left the palace for 
a day or two, on a visit to one of the courtiers ; and the princess, 
being in a merry mood, amused herself with running from rcom 
to room in the castle, and exploring all the holes and comers 
where she had never been before. At last, on the top story of all, 
he found a little room; and running in, she saw an old wonian 

136 



spinuiiig with a distaff and spindle. The poor old creature had 
been allowed for years to inhabit this turret-room; uLd as she 
seldom left her chamber except to go into the kitchen to fetch 
away the brokea victuals that were allowed her, she had never 
heard of the king's edict, and did not dream, worthy soul, that 
she was doing wrong. 

"What are you doing, goody?" asked the princess. "I am 

spinning, mj pretty lady," was the reply. The old dame had no 

idea she was speaking to the princess, or she would have said 

187 



" your royal liighness." " Oh, how pretty it lookB," continued 
the princess ; " I wish I could spin, too;  will you let me try ? " 
Of course the old woman consented, and the princess took the 
distaff in her hand. But a moment after she pricked herself, 
uttered a little scream, and fell down into a deep sleep. 
188 



Tlie old woman was much alarmed, as well she might be. She 
called out lustily for help, and in a few moments there were all 
the attendants and inhabitants of the caatle offering their assiat-- 
ance. One loosened the princess's girdle ; another sprinkled cold 
water on her face; another tried to revive her by rubbing her 
hands; and a fourth wetted her temples with Eau-de-Cologne. 
But it was all in vain ; and in the midst of the confusion the 
king and queen came home. 

On being informed of the misfortune that faad befallen him, 
the king taw at once that there was no remedy but patience. 
He thereupon wdered that his daughter should be laid on a 
magnificent couch, in a costly apartment of the palace, and that 
guards should be stationed at the chamber door night and day. 



THE 8LEEFINO BEAUTY. 

Very lovely the young girl looked as she lay on her splendid bed, 
in a deep sleep^ with her cheeks as blooming, and her breathing 
as regular, and her lips as red as ever; and very sad the parents 
felt when all the arrangements had been completed and they 
thought that they would be dead long before their beautiful 
daughter awoke-^and that they, should never see her smile or 
hear her merry voice again in this world  ^and that when she 
awoke she would find herself quite alone and friendless among 
strangers. 

But for this also the good fairy had a remedy. On hearing the 
news of her godchild^s misfortune, she travelled at once to the 
palace at the rate of nine himdred and fifty-seven miles in a 
minute ; and her chariot, drawn by fiery dragons, arrived at the 
king's palace the very day after the accident happened. 

Invisible to all, she passed through the palace, touching every 
living thing with her wand as she went by ; and a deep sleep fell 
immediately upon all she touched. With the exception of the 
king and queen, who left the palace when the ceremony was over, 
all the inhabitants of the palace were served alike  the ladies in 
waiting, maids of honor, ladies' maids, ofBcers, gentlemen-in- 
waiting, cooks, scullions, guards, pages, porters  ^in fact, every 
one fell asleep  and the strangest circumstance was, that they 
went to sleep in a moment, without having time to finish what 
they were about. All the domestic animals were enchanted in 
the same manner ; and the old king and queen quitted the palace 
accompanied by the fairy. 

The king gave strict orders that no one should approach the 

140 




building OD any pretext whatever; but be need not baTc given 
liimBelf so much Izouble, for in a few days a thick hedge grew 
up all round the place, and the forest trees seemed to intertwine 
their branches, and form a kind of wall. This grew thicker 
and thicker with eurpriaing quickness; and at last the very 
existence of the castle  aa foi^otten, except that now and then 
one peasant would tell another the tale of the wonderful 
enchanted castle, which was aaid to be situated somewhere in 
the wood. 

One year after another went by, until at last a century had 

pawed away. Great changes had taken place in this time. 

The old king and queen had been dead more than eighty years, 

and another family sat on the throne of the cotmtry. One day 

141 



the son of the king waa hunting in the woods, and went more 
deeply into the foreet than usual. All at once he fancied he saw 
the turrets of a castle at a distance among the trees. He ques> 
tioued his attendants on the subject; but they could give him no 
information. On passing through a neighbouring village, the 
112 



priitce inquired of the peasants, vhen a very old man came fur- 
vard and detailed to the prince t)ie history of the enchanted 
palace. " My old father," added the aged peasant, " told it to me 
when I boy  lull fifty years ago  he, himself, was young when it 
occurred, ao that, to my tliinking, the hundred years have passed 
113 



and yonr rojal highness ms^ he the prinee destined to awaken 
the encbaoted sleepers. 

The next day, the prince set forth alone to endeavoor to pene> 
trate to the castle. The brambles and thorns which grew so 
thickly round the place, appeared to open a passage for him as 
he proceeded, and close bdiind him as dense as ever. He went 
on wondering, and reached the castle porch. Here a company of 
musicians had been playing, and the king's fool, in his suit of 
motley, had been listening. They were fast asleep, and the man 
who had been singing had not even had time to shut his mouth. 

Just inside the gateway a hunting-party had arrived. One of 
them had alighted, and the others were still in the saddle. Bat 
they were all asleep, men and horses, 
in 



A little further on sat a. court lady and gentleman. The gen* 
tleman had been amusing himself nith a tame raven, and the lady 
had been occupied in doing nothing. A page stood by vith re- 
freshments for them when their present amusement should have 
afforded them leisure to partake of them. 

On went the prince through the lower or basement story ; he 
passed by a groom, who stoodj fast asleep, with his ear at a key 
hole, and a Tery sly look of wisdom in his Ciice. He would not 
have listened at doors, I fancy, if he could have known that he 
should have to stand at one for a hundred years, and be caught tn 
the fact at last. Let this prove a lesson, that when we are guilty 
of a mean action we are seldom prepared for anything that may 
befall us. 

145 



It iras B, veiy comfortable room throngli wLich the prince next 
passed. When I a&j it was the butler's apartment its comfort- 
able appearance will be at once accounted for. If there is one 
man more than another in a household who knows how to make 
himself coaj, that man is the butler. He had been arrested by 
the fairy's touch while in the act of producing from his private 
cabinet a fiask of the choicest vintage the cellars of the castle 
afforded. From the position in which he was discovered by the 
prince, which is accurately represented in the next picture, we 
may infer that he was a good-natored old gentleman, and occa- 
sionally shared his comforts nith his triends who &Tored him with 
146 



ft Tisit; in the present instance his risitor appears to have been 
of the gentler sex ; and butlecs have ever been celebrated for their 
politeness to the ladies. 

Whilst the butler was thus pleasantly employed, his assistants 
in the castle cellars were engaged as you see in the picture, 
147 I' 



drinking the vine instead of attending to their business ; a tact 
vhich proves the truth of the old adage, that " when the cat is 
away the mice will play." But these men do not seem to have 
contented themselves with only one glass ; particularly the one in 
the left hand comer of the picture, with the bottle in his hand. 
Observe the stupid heavy look in his face which stamps him a 
drunkard. What a degrading position for a man to remain fixed 
in for one hundred years 1 

The scullery maid was the next person the prince encountered ; 
she was fast asleep, of course, with a dish she had been wiping 
a hundred years before, in her hand ; and to judge by her fat 



and rather lazy appearance, I flboTild think it was nOt by any 
means an uncommon occurence for her to have fallen asleep over 
her -work. 

Throogh the Berranfs hall the prince went next; and there 
were all the footmen and grooms as hat asleep as possible. 
One of them sat behind the door ; he had been drawing on his 
boots when the fairy threw him into the enchanted sleep, and 
there he sat with one boot off and the other on  like " My man 
John" in the nursery rhyme- 
But it was in the great kitchen of the castle that a most 
impressiTe sight appeared. The great, large, broad man cook 
149 



sat in the chair before the fire, vith the dripping ladle in one 
hand, and a sop in the other. One bite he had taken out of 
it in the shape of a great half-moon ; then the sleep had come 
upon him, and he sat in his big chair before the fire, the very 
picture of contentment and repose. The kitchen-maid stood 
behind him vith a bottle and glass in her hand, (they seemed to 
have been very extravagant vith the wine in that castle). She 
was fast afileep too, and so wa also a huntgman, with a horn 
and pouch by his side, who had come into the kitchen (where 
be had no business) for a glass of wine, and little thought he 
160 



vould have to stay there a hundred yean. At the seirant'a 
tablee, the men were asleep with their heads on the table, or 
hanging over the backs of their chaire. Never was such a 
sleepy household since first kings kept castles, and servants to 
atteud to them. 



Id the corridor, on the first floor, some cne had rung for 
refreshment. A spruce man-servant in a handsome livery stood 
there with a tray, with a flagon and glasses, (what a quantity 
cf wine they did drink there, to be sure). The bottle had fallen 
half oBF the tray, when the fairy's spell came upon it ; and there 
it hung, toppling off towards the ground, but not falling com- 
pletely down. In the apartment at the end of the corridor sat 
two yonng ladies, and a gentleman who had been telling them 
a story. They looked jnst as if the story had been stupid, (not 
like this one), and they had gone to sleep over it. The 
162 



geotleman was asleep too, and so was the great dog tliat lay on 
the carpet, with his nose on the floor. 

In the next room sat a lady. She had been working at a large 
tambour frame making a eofo cushion for tlie old king, to sur- 
prise him with on his birthday; for he had been gouty, and 
loTed to have something soft to rest his poor old leg on. Need 
I say that she was in the same condition as all the other 
inhabitants of the castle ; and now the poor old king had been 
dead many years, and could never have the birthday present 
intended for him. But it had been kindly meant, and like many 
other good actions, brought its own reward. 
153 



The atxt door the prince came to, }ie only peeped in it for a 
moment, and immediately retired, for it wAs a lady's bedroom. 
There sat a lady before a looking glass. She had been dressing 
her hair, and beautiful long hair it was. She -was fast asleep 
too, with her hands still upraised adjusting her plaits. On the 
opposite side of the passage was a man's bed room. The occu- 
pant looked comical enough. He had been brushing his hair 
vitb two brushes, one in each hand, and was just looking in the 
glass to see if his whisken were not beginqjng to come ; so he 
had stood, leaning forward and staring at bis own &ce for a 
hundred yean. He ought to have known pretty well how he 
looked, I should think, and would doubtless have done so if he 



had not beat asleep all tlie time. And during tlie hundred 
years his whiskers had not grovm in the least ; for his cl)iu and 
cheeks vere still perfectly smooth. 

At the end of a long passage appeared the grand itaircaae of 
the castle; and at the end of the staircase was a tall arched 
doorway, with a nice velvet curtain spread before it. A number 
of soldiers in full armour, with helmets, breast-plates, and tall 
spears called partisans, kept watch here, and very handeomo 
and martial they looked. But each man's head was sunk upon 
his breast; and if the old Boman law had been put into force 
which denounces death against every soldier who &lls asleep at 
166 



his post, I should not Vke to have been one of the princesc's 
guards. The prince Talked past them and lifted the curtains ; 
there, on a couch in the centre of a splendid apartment lay 
the princess, as fr'esh and blooming as if she had gone to sleep 
but an hour before ; and I could not describe, if I tried ever so 
hard, how beautifid she looked. The prince could not restrain 
his admiratiou of her ; he bent forward, and did what ninety-nine 
young men out of a hundred would have done ; that is to say 
 he gave her a kiss I 

In a moment there was a stir and a hum all through the 
166 



castle J and outside the princess's room a loud clash was 
heard, as of armed men dressing their ranks and clattering 
their weapons. The enchantment was brokenj and, with a 
great sigh of relief, the whole castle woke up  men, women, 
children, and animals. The fat cook in the kitchen finished 
the sop, firom which he had taken but one bite. The butler 
had hia choice glass of wine, and smacked hie lips. The 
BcuUery maid finished wiping the plate. The gentleman sitting 
between the two ladies lifted np his head and finished his storj'. 
The servant fmished pulling on his boot; and the young man 
167 



proceeded with his toilet. The animals Id the palace seemed 
glad to wake up once more. 

The priDce quickly iq)peared, leading the beautiful princeas 

by the hand ; and this time the ^ards were not aaleep I promise 

Tou. Every man among them waa ataDdiog at his post with 

158 



bis pike firmly grasped in his right hand, and his bead well 
up. The young maidens uf the castle strewed flowers in the 
path of the prince and princess ; and there was a general rejoicing. 
Th^ had a grand wedding, you may be sure, and lived a 
hundred years afterwards without one quarrel, which is so rery 
satisfactory to think upon, that we had better end the story with 
it. I think it was a very pretty fury tale, and I hope my 
readers think bo too. 



KOTX. 

The incidents of this story are all to be found in the tale of 
"Bosaline,** in Orimm*s collection of Hausmarchen  a sufficient 
guarantee for its antiquity  ^for nearly all the stories in the valuable 
work of the brothers Ghrimniy were communicated by the peasants of 
the neighbourhood of the Ehine, among whom they had been handed 
down from one generation to another. In many instances a great 
similarity is noticed in the traditional tales of various nations; but 
seldom are the incidents so completely preserved as in this case. The 
cause of the fairy's jealousy, the sentence upon the princess, and the 
denouement of the story, are exactly the same in " Bosaline *' as in our 
English story of " The Sleeping Beauty." Stories of enchanted sleepers 
have been popular among the German peasantry from the time of 
rredori^'k Barbaroasa, downwards. 



PUSS IN BOOTS. 



9 



PUSS IN BOOTS. 

Heke is a story of a wondeTful cat ! Come and listen to it. 
"Everj child who has not heard it before should hear It now, and 
those who have beard it may hear it again. For of all the clever 
cats that erer existed, the cat of vhich I am going to tell you 
now, was certainly the head and chief; and I think none of you 
will like to annoy cat or kitten again, from the respect yon 
will feel for the whole race when you have once heard this 
marrdlous, tremendous, and astonishing tale of Puss in Boots ! 
There was once an old miller who had three sons. In course 
of time he died, and his sons divided the property he left behind 
him, as is usual in such cases. Bat you vill think the old 
miller's goods were not quite equally shared when I tell you 



TVBB IN BOOTS. 

liow it was managed. In fact^ it will appear at first sight as if 
the miller had treated the youngest of hia sons in a Tery shabby 
manner. This is how it was :  

The eldest son had the null. He was well off enongh^ for he 
soon set the sails going, and the com ran merrily out of the 
hopper into the sacks. The fanners and neighbours gave him 
plenty of work to do ; and with industry and honesty he could 
lock to becoming a rich man. So he had nothing to complain of. 

The second son was not so lucky. He had only a useful 
steady servant, in the shape of the ass which the old miller had 
used for carrying the sacks; and he walked off rather crest fallen, 
leading his property by a halter. For you see though donkey < 
riding is a very capital amusement, a man ought not to be obliged 
to depend on an ass for his living. The ass is very well as far as 
he goes, but the difficulty is to find out how to make him go far 
enough. And this is how it was in the case of the millers' second 
son ; he had however some hopes of getting employment from hi 
brother, who would require some beast of burden to carry com 
sacks to the mill, and the sacks of fiour back to the customers ;. 
so that there was some hope of the second son being able to earn 
his living, and his father had left him at any rate a useful legacy,, 
though not a very brilliant one. 

But the third son was in a sorry plight, and my readers 

will think with me, that the old miller had been unjust towards 

hia youngest boy, when I inform them that this young man's. 

-hole property consisted in  a cat  a fine cat certainly, with 

hick fur and a handsome tail, but after all, only a. 

IM 



at 1 Therefore he sat down and thought what he should do 
to g^ a living ; and the more he thought, the lesa able did he 
seem to come to any decision. 

At last he began to bemoan himself aloud : " My brothers," 
he said, " may join as partners, and get on very well, if they are 
industrious and obliging ;  but what am I to dg ? When I have 
killed my cat, and made a tat cap or a pair of mittens of her skin, 
I shall have disposed of all my property, and may go and die of 
hunger." 

The cunning cat had been utting behind her master's chair 
listening to every word he said; and when he paused for a short 
time in his complainings, he came forward, and in a clear treble 
Toice, said  " Dear master, don't be so out of spirits. If you 
will only give me a pair of boots, and a canvas bag, you shall 
165 



Bee you have no cause for complaint," The young man did not 
quite understand how thia would better his eondition ; but as the 
cat had always been a verj clever puss, and very dexterona in 
catching mice, he thought it best to humour him. 

A bootmaker was seat for to measure puss, and the directions 
he gave him in reference to the boots were very explicit ; he 
was to be sure and give them a good high heel, the very best of 
leather, and superior workmanship. The bootmaker obeyed his 
orders to the letter, and when the new hoots came home, great 
was the triumph of the cat. He sat down on the comer of a box, 
and after surveying them for some time in ulent admiration, he 



proceeded to drair them on in ao higlily scientific maoner, as if he 
had been nsed to hoots all his life. The canvaa bag came home 
at the same time, and this met with pussy's approval ; being now 
equipped for adventures, he sat down before the fire with a very 
grave &ce, and was evidently busily employed in thinking over 
some great project he had to carry out on the morrow. 

The next morning be rose with the sun, licked himself carefully 
all over, pulled on his new boots, hung the bag roimd his neek, 
 and very stylisli be looked, I can assure you. He cautiously 
crept to a rabbit warren, taking care to keep out of sight of the 
bunniea. He opened his canvas bag, into which he had carefiilly 
put a little bran and parsley, and, with the long strings of the bag 
in his hand, he waited patiently for a visit roin the rabbits. 

Fuss had not long to wait. Presently a couple of giddy young 

bunnies came hopping up, twitching their long ears. They sniffed 

at the entrance of the bag for a moment or so, and then hopped 

167 



gailf ID and begaa munchmg and nibbling at tlie bran and parslry 
Its bard as tbey could, little thinking, poor simple things, of the 
Bad fate that awaited them. 

Wbisk 1  the cat pulled the string, and the bag was shut, while 
the poor bunnies innde kicked franUcally to be let out Master 
Puss lost no time in killing them, and iilingiTig the bag over 
his shoolder, set off to the king's palace. He went up to the 
guard at the gate, twirling his whiskers with a martial air, and 
desired to speak with the king. 
Puss looked so determined that the sentinels let him pass 
'*^hout any donnr. The cat walked straight into the king's 



private room, took off his cap, and gracefully waving liis tail, 
said  "My master, tlie Lord Marquis of Carabaa  (this title 
was oat of tbe cat's oyn head)  presents his most dutiful re- 
spects to your majesty, and has commanded me to offer the 
accompanying slight present of game for the gracioui acceptance 
of your majesty, as a slight token of the overfloing sensation 



i/<^ 



of sETectionate ven^i^tioii, iritli which your mt^es^s repntatioii 
for kindnesa and consideration, has inspired my master, the 
Lord Marquis of Carabas." There was a speech for a cat to 
make I 

The king, who was not so eloquent as his visitor, could not 
help feeling impressed by the beautifdl long words the cat used, 
and replied, with a kind smile : " Tell, my lord marquis, that I 
accept his present with great pleasore, and am much obliged to 
him." And he could not help wondering that he had never 
heard of the Marquis of Carabas before. But the countenance 
of Puaa wore such a look of unaffected sincerity that not the 
lightORt shadow of susiucion that he was being imposed upon 
utorod bis mind; and certainly the aristocratio air, manner, and 
170 



Bpeecli of the cat appeared to be a saffictent g:uarantee that he 
belonged to a maater of high rank. 

The interview with hia majesty having sncceded beyond Master 
Puss's most sanguine expectations, he very politely waved his cap, 
flonrished his tail, and retired with all the grace and air of a 
t)ioiough>bred courtier. 

171 



A day or two afterwards, he went ont again with hia boots ud 
Ilia canvas bag, to try Us rortone in the chase. Thia time a 
couple of yoong partridges, unused to the world and its deceptions, 
poked their beaks into the trap, and were quickly ba^ed and 
killed. These the cat also presented to the king, as coming from 
the Lord Marquis of Carabas, and the speech he made upon 
the occasion was so eloquent, and had so many hard words in it, 
that I am quite afraid to write it down here lest I should not do 
joftice to its beauty. So I must leave yoa to imagine how fine 
it most have been. 

For three or four weeks the cat continued to bring a present 
*i gaine to the king every day or two : and hearing, one day, that 
the king and his lovely daughter were going to take  ride by 
172 



the riyer aide, be concocted a rery dever scheme and carried 
it out in the following way. 

He nuhed into hia maater's presence, and said to him  
" Go and bathe in the river, dear master, and I will make your 
fortune for you. Only bathe in the rirer, and leave the rest 
to me." 

173 



FUSS IN BOOTS* 

The Marquis of Carabas did not very clearly see how he was 
to make his fortune by bathing ; but he consented to follow the 
caf s advice. Whilst he was bathings the king and his daughter 
were seen approaching in their carriage* 

As^soon as the royal carriage came in sights Puss began to 
run to and &ro^ wringing his paws, and tossing them wildly oyer 
his head, while he bawled at the top of his voice:  ''Helpl 
Help! My Lord Marquis of Carabas is in danger of being 
drowned! Come hither and h-e-l-p my Lord  Marquis  of  
Ca-ra-ba-a-as ! *' 

The king looked out of the carriage window, when he heard 
this pitiful wail; and recognising the cat who brought the pre- 
sents of game and made the beautiful speeches, he at once 
ordered several of his guards to go and assist the lord marquis. 

But this was only the beginning of the caf s scheme. The rogue 
knew lus master's shabby clothes would never do for a marquis, 
so he hid them under a big stone, and ran to the carriage 
window to inform his majesty, ** that my lord marquis's clothes 
had been stolen while that nobleman was bathing; and that 
the marquis was in the water shivering very much, with nothing 
to put on/' He described to the king how he had pursued the 
thief at the top of his speed across the country, shouting ^' Stop 
thief ! " the whole of the way, but had failed in his endeavours 
to arrest him. The king at once ordered a suit rom his own 
wardrobe to be brought for tlie Marquis of Carabas. 

The young man, who was a handsome fellow, looked veiy well 
I in his new garments, as he came up to the carnage to 

174 



thank the king for hia kindness. His majesty was so taken 
with him, that he insiated my lord marquis should come into 
the carriage and take a drive with them; and the beautiful 
daughter looked aa if she were not at all displeased at the pro- 
posal. In fact she was rather struck with the appearance of the 
Marquis of Carabas. 

My lord marquis felt rather bashful in his new position. 
But this was perhaps to his advantage ; for the old king thought 
the marquis was so silent out of gratitude at the honour he had 
received, in being asked to ride in the king's carriage; while 
the lovely daughter had no doubt the marquis was speechless with 
admiration of her beauty. The king told a good many long 
stories as they rode along  and as the marquis said, "yea your 
majesty"  to everything and seemed to be very much interested, 
the king was perfectly satisfied and thought him a very well- 
informed trad modest young man. The fact was, the marquis 



was thinking all the time of the scrape he had got into, and 
wondering what the king and faia daughter would saj to that 
rogue Pom, if thejr ddIj knew how he was imponng on them.' 

But PusB was not the catt to leare hii master in tiie lurch  

not he. He knew that people judge by appearances; and so he 

determined hia master should appear to be a wealthy man 

170 



As Boon as he Lad Been tlie yoang man safely eeated la th& 
king's carriage, he Btrnck across the fields by a short cut, and 
BOOH got a long way ia advance of the royal party. In a wheat 
field a party of reapers were gathering in the harvest. The cat 
came mnning np to them, and doubling np hia paw in a most 
expresmve manner, said:  "Now  good people  if you don't 
say, when the king asks, that this field belongs to the Lord 
Uarquis of Carabas, you shall all be chopped as small as minced 
meat I" 

The reapers were rather startled at the appearance of the fiercti 
little booted creatnre, and promised to do as they were told. 
Thereupon the cat reminded them once more of his hint about 
the minced meat, and took his departure. 

When the royal carriage passed the field soon afterwards, the 

king stopped  as the cat hod supposed he would do. Iln 

beckoned one of the reapers to come to him, and asked to whom 

177 



all that fine wheat belonged. " To the Marquis of Carabaa four 
mi^estf," amwered all the reapers. " You hare a fine crop of 
wheat my lord marquis," said the king ; " I am rather a judge 
of wheat!" "Yes, your m^eaty," rephed the marquis; and the 
king thought again, what a nice young man he was. 

When the king passed throi^h the fields after the cat, he did 

not &il to ask to whom they belonged ; and w as very much sur- 

178 



prised at being answered, each time, " To tbe Marquis Carabas, 
your majesty." " Really, my lord marquis, your possesaious arc 
very extensive I " said the king ; whereat the young man blushed 
and answered, " Yes, your majesty." And the princess thought 
he looked handsomer than ever. In fact, she was falling in love 
with him very &st. 

But if the marquis had no castle, there was a personage dwell- 
ing in those parts who had  and a very fine castle too. This 
personage was an ogre, a giant, and a magidan, all in one. The 
cat had a slight acquaintance with him, and posted off to his 
castle, rang a loud peal at the beU, and told the ogre he had 
come to pay him a friendly visit and inquire after his health, 
which had been reported as very weak. (The fact -nr^, the ogre 
had eaten a hunter, top boots and all, a few weeks before ; and 
the spurs had disa^eed with him) . The ogre was much obliged 
to the cat for bis politeness, and invited him to walk in. This 
was what the cat wanted. He at once accepted the invitation, 
179 



PUSS IN BOOTS. 

and sitting down on a table^ with his boots tucked neatly between 
his fore-paws^ began a conversation with his host in a very polite 
and urban manner. 

''Sir/' he began; "every one says yon are a very clever 
magician '' " That is tnie^ sir/' answered the ogre. 

*' Sir/' continued the cat^ '' I have heard it reported that you 
are able to transform yourself into the shape of various animals. 
" That is very true, sir/' answered the ogre. 

'' But, sir/' continued the cunning cat, '' I mean large animals, 
such, for instance, as an elephant." ''Exceedingly true, sir," 
answered the ogre. " Judge for yourself  ^you shall see." And 
he muttered some magical words, and stood before the cat in 
the shape of an elephant, with large flapping ears, sharp tiisks, 
little eyes, and long trunk  all complete. 

The cat was a little startled at this sudden change, but he 
mustered courage, and went on  " Well, sir, that is marvellous 
indeed I But can you change your shape at will and represent 
whatever animal you choose?" You will see directly why Puss 
put this question. 

The elephant waved his trunk three times in the air, and pre- 
sently stood before our astonished friend in the shape of a huge 
African lion, with waving mane, huge head, and a most formidable 
set of white teeth. The cat stood gazing at him with astonish- 
ment and fear ; but when the lion opened his mouth and gave 
a great roar, the cat was so awe-struck that he climbed straight 
up the wall, and reaching a friendly window, escaped on to the 
roof of the castle. His polished boots were a great impediment to 

180 



his course, but terror lent him wings, and his boots scarcely 
received a thought in his upward flight. There he stood on the 
roof, quaking, and yet spitting and snarling, as it is a cat's nature 
to do, while every hair on his tail stood on end with horror. He 
could hear the great ogre laughing to himself in the room below, 
.at the thought of having frightened his guest  which was veiy 
181 



improper, aad only worthy of an ogre who had never learned 
how to behave. I hope my readers never amuBe themselTes with 
fnghteniog any of their playmatea or companions, and then 
stand laughing at them after the manner of the great ugly ogre. 
The cat knew by this langh that the magician had resumed hia 
natural shape, puss came down again into the room wi^ a very 
cool and collected air muttering Bometbing about the heat of 
the room, which had compelled him to run out abruptly for a 
little firesh air. At this explanation the giant laughed louder 
than ever; and the cat felt very indignant. But he at down 
again and resumed the converaation with as much cer^nony and 
politeness as before. 
" Sir," he began, " I should not have believed theae wondea 
Mc^ if I had not seen them with my own eyea. Yoq an 
183 



the most wondeifiil and tremeodous magician with whom it has 
ever been my good fortune to meet. (The ogre made a deep 
bow, and seemed gratified.) But once I read of a marrelloQS 
conjuror who conld not only assume the shape of a large animal 
like a lion oi tiger, but that of the smallest also  for instance, 
he w^d appear as a est or a mouse. But then, ;ou know 
he was an old magician, who bad been practising for a great 
number of years, and I nerer expected to find any one who 
could come up to him." "Did yoa not, indeed I" cried 
the ogre^ "and you &ncy he was a greater man than I am 
ha ! ha !  I'll show you, in less than half a minute, that I can do 
the same thing." And within the time he bad mentioned, the 
ogre was capering about the room, in the shape of a little mouse. 
It vas a most unfortunate thing for him ; for in a moment the 
cunning cat had sprung upon him, and a single nip with her 
sharp teeth sufficed to put an end to the ogre. He was gobbled 
up in less than no time ; and his fate ia a distressing instance of 
the effects of vanity and a love of display. 
188 



5^ 



Bat the cat, amnmg fellow, had gained his point. Tliere ms 
now a castle lor tbe Marquis of Carabaa ; a snmptuons maiision 
in which no king need be ashamed to rest after a long ride; 
and the cat thought, with immeoBe glee, how surprised the marquis 
would be on his arriral. And snre enough,^just as Puss 
sat slil^ licking his lips after swallowing down the ogre, the 
king^B carriage came in sight. The cat had only just time to nm 
upstairs and dress himself up in a little pages' doublet out of the 
giant's wardrobe, with a pointed collar and a hat with a drooping 
feather, all very neat, and to give his face and paws a hasty wash, 
when the lung's coach appeared in front of the castle. 

Tliere, to the great astonishment of the Marqnis of Carahas, 

tood the cat gallantly attired, and looking as much at his ease 

 if he had done nothing else hut superintend the arrangements 

181 



in the castle all his life long. Not only did his clothes give bim 
a very dignified ur, but be wore them with a kind of natural 
grace which greatly increased their effect; and nothing could 
exceed the courtly air with which he welcomed the king and 
princess to the Marquis of Carabas's castle. I am afraid I shall 
never be equal to describing the scene, but I will try :  'Witli 
one paw the cat rused his cap from his head, and laid 
the other on his heart, as he stood on Uie steps of the door 
bowing profoundly. The carriage then stopped; and the cat 
advancing, made the following neat and appropriate speech. 

" Welcome 1" he said, " Welcome 1 yont majesty and your 
royal highness, to the poor castle of my master, the Lord 
Marquis of Carabas I As the great honor of your majesty's 
visit is an unexpected one, your majesty will be pleased to excuse 






PU8i IN BOOTS. 

the hasty nature of the arrangexnents made for your recq>tioxi. 
In fact^ my Lord Marquis of Carabas has not been long in pos- 
session of the eastl^^ (which was quite true^ as the cat had only 
just eaten up the last tenant). But if your majesty and the 
gracious princess will please to alight and take some refireshment 
this will indeed be the proudest day of my life, and of my 
master's, the Lord Marquis of Carabas/' And* the cat made 
another deep bow, and waved his cap, and laid his paw upon his 
heart again. 

Upon our royal word, my lord marquis,'' cried the king, 

you have a splendid castle here; and we shall have great 
pleasure in alighting that we may view it more closely. We 
are always happy to visit the houses of our loving subjects; and 
moreover we shall be glad to stretch our royal legs, which have 
become benumbed through sitting so long, moreover our 
ride has given us an appetite. (The king said this as a hint that 
some luncheon would be acceptable, and the sly cat took the hint 
as you will see). What say you, daughter, will you be of the 
party?" 

The princess, whose curiosity had been raised by the aspect of 
the castle, was quite willing ; and the king graciously commanded 
the marqids to give the princess his hand, and lead her into his 
dwelling. The marquis obeyed more bewildered than ever, 
and more than ever impressed with the combined genius and 
impudence of his wonderful cat, who led the way into the interior, 
walking backwards and bowing with the grace of a perfect lord 
nberlain. The castle was splendidly fumijbhed, for the ogre 

186 



vvnn IN BOOTS* 

had been an ogre of taste. Every apartment was hung with 
costly tapestry; and in the closets and cupboards there was a 
great store of fine clothes^ which the princess especially admired. 
While they were walking through the upper rooms^ the cat 
slipped away for a moment or two ; and when the party returned 
to the great hall  lo I and behold  that wonderful Puss had spread 
out a collation for them such aa any king might have been glad 
to sit down to after a long ride. 

The marquis invited the king to be seated^ and himself handed 
the princess to a chair. If the king had been good humoured 
before^ he was radiant now ; for he was rather fond of his meals, 
and the luncheon was a superb one. With each glass of wine he 
drank the king became more jovial; and seemed to conceive a 
greater affection for the Marquis of Carabas^ who seemed as 
popular with him, as the little boy at school whose mamma has 
just sent him a cake, firequently is with his companions. At first 
he treated the marqtus with mingled condescension and kindness; 
then with kindness without condescension; and at last he began 
to treat him almost as a father might a son. After limcheon 
he absolutely said to the marquis, ^'It will be your own faulty 
my Lord of Carabas, if you do not become our son-in-law, 
provided of course, our daughter has no objection.'' At this 
plain speech the young lady became scarlet with confusion and 
modesty  but she made no objection, and did not look displeased 
 and the Jjord Marquis of Carabas made a little speech, (but 
not so fine a one as the cat's), in which he thanked the king for 
the proffered honor, and accepted that honor gratefully. And 

187 



u for the cat, he was obliged to go out into the court-yard to 
hide bis joy, irhich was so great, that he stood ou hia head on 
the flag-stones and kicked up his hind legs in the tai. 

Little more remains to be told. The marquis returned with 
the king and the princess to the palace ; and the marriage was 
soon solemnized with great magnificence, the lovely bride appear- 
ing to great advantage in a Hooiton lace veil and orange 
bloftBoms, attended by twelve lovely bridesmaids, all dressed 
exactly alike. Tlie king, of course, gave away his daughter, and 
the cat was present at the wedding in an elegant court suit. 

The two brothers of the Marquis of Carabas were at the wed- 
ding too; tbey wanted to come into the church, but the cat, 
who foresaw that the lord marquis's relations would not do him 
great honor by their manners and appearance, contrived a little 



PUSS IN BOOTS. 

scheme which yery much surprised those gentlemen. He had 
six stalwart policemen posted near the door of the churchy who 
took the two brothers into custody on the charge of having snub 
noses (which was^ it appears^ considered an offence in that coun- 
try)^ and they were not released until after the ceremony was 
over^ when they were only too glad to slink home to their mill^ 
taking their ass with them. And to tell you the truths I was very 
glad the cat served out the two brothers in this way^ for bb they 
had left the Marquis of Carabas quite alone in his poverty^ they 
decidedly had no right to expect they should come in for a share 
of his wealth. However^ he returned good for evil^ as a good 
brother should do^ and gave each of them a large piece of very 
fine land to cultivate. They established farms^ and in due time 
became wealthy men. But they always regretted that they had 
not taken a little more notice of their younger brother in the 
days when he sat disconsolate, without knowing how he should 
set about getting his living; and the two young men felt that 
they did not deserve the kindness they received at his hands, 
which was rather an impleasant reflection. 

The Marquis of Carabas made a good and kind husband, and 
neither he nor the princess had cause to repent the liberal offer 
the old king had made over his luncheon. As for the cat, he 
became a great lord, and never had occasion to hunt rats and 
mice except for his amusement. He used to go about the court 
dressed in a handsome doublet of amber satin, which showed off 
his fine figure to great advantage, a pair of trunk hose, buff boots, 
and a velvet cap and feather completing his costume. Ue was 

189 



PUSS IN BOOTS. 

quite a favorite with the ladies^ who admired the elegance of his 
manners^ and his soft and insinuating address. He never missed 
an occasion for making a speech^ and was consequently in great 
request at wedding parties, when he always proposed the health 
of the bride and bridegroom. At Christmas parties too, he 
was quite invaluable. He could do anything from playing 
at snapdragon to dancing the polka. So that, at last, no party 
was considered complete if he did not grace it by his presence 
and his talents and talons, (for you will perceive this cat had 
natural talents as well as natural talons). With children he 
was especially a favorite, and has even been known to allow them 
to stroke his fur the wrong way to see the electric spark. He 
was looked upon as the original inventor of the game of puss- 
in-the-comer. In short, there was not a more noted or popular 
character about the court than my Lord Cat; who at last was 
made inspector general of milk-pails. 

Judging from the preyious conduct of Master Puss, my little 
readers will expect that he did not fail to avail himself of the 
opportunity this high appointment afforded him to make a rapid 
fortune; but I am happy to say such was not altogether the 
case. A fortune he certainly did acquire, but it was by strictly 
honest and legal means. He was a zealous servant of the king 
and government, and was both beloved and respected by all whom 
his official position brought him in contact with. Full of years 
and honor. Lord Cat retired from public life to enjoy the ease 
an active and useful career had entitled him to ; and although I 
caunol; say that his early efforts in his master's behalf were 

190 



PtISS tW BOOTS. 

altogether of the honest character that could be desired, still 
justice to his memory demands it should be made known that 
in later days he did his best to render atonement for his decep- 
tioas. At all events, we may leam from his life the useful lesson 
never to give way to despondency while energy and hope offer 
a field for exertion, which, if properly directed and resolutely 
persevered in, are certain to be crowned with ultimate success. 
On the death of Puss, which occurred at a more than ordinary 
advanced age, his grateful master and the king vied with each 
other in doing honor to his memory; the Marquis of Carabas 
employed the first historians of tbat age to hand down Lord 
Caf s wondrous deeds to posterity, and the king was compelled 
to content himself with erecting a handsome monument to his 
memory and directing that his orphan kittens should be edu- 
cated in a manner to fit them to emulate the example of their 
worthy parent. How far the latter experiment proved successful, 
I leave my little readers to judge for themselves, when I record 
the fact, that the celebrated Whittington's Cat, (through whose 
exertions her master became three times Lord Mayor of London], 
descended in a direct line from the famous Puss in Boots  



KOTB. 

Ztf maUre ehai, ou le chat hotU, is an old French story. In 6er 
many, a satirist, writing nearly three Centuries ago, has given us 
the tale in rhyme, tinder the title Der gestiefelte Kater^ almost in 
the form in which it is known to us in England at the present day. 
In Perrault's collection of Fairy Tales, as given in the Cabinet det 
MeSj published in Paris in 1787, we have two morals in verse added 
to the story. We give them for the benefit of our readers. 

MOBAL. 

Though the advantage must be greaty 
To have and hold a rich estate. 
That goes from sire to son  
Tet by young people still we see, 
Through cleverness and industry, 
May better goods be won. 

SFCCITD MO&AX. 

If a miller's son can so soon ensnare, 
The gentle heart of a princess fair, . 
We safely may judge, I say, 
That youthful manners, grace, and dress. 
As means to a maiden's tenderness. 
Are not to be thrown away. 



THE HISTOBT 

or 



LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD. 



LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD. 

I AM going to tell yoa a story about a very wonderful tiling 
that happened a long, long time ago. The thing is indeed so 
very wonderful that I daresay some of you will doubt at first 
if it really happened in juat the manner I relate. But of one 
thing I can assure you; namely, that it is just aa true as all other 
fairy tales, and a great deal more marvellous than many. 

But to commence :  Once upon a time there stood a quiet 
village, but a very pretty village, of neot little cottages with 
gardens before them filled with flowers and vegetables, and beau- 
tifiil corn-fields all round. In this quiet village there lived a 
good woman who had a very pretty little daughter. The child 
had lai^ dark eyes and long hair falling in chesnut curls all 
over her neck. Iler cheeks were as rosy as two ripe peaches. 



LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD. 

and her laugh was the merriest you would hear on a summer's 
day; and what was better than all this was^ that this little girl 
was a kind^ good child^ with a gentle heart and obliging maimers. 
She would do anything to give pleasure to others. You never 
heard a cross or an *ill-tempered word from her mouth ; and as 
for teazing or ill-treating a dumb creature^ Little Red Biding 
Hood never thought of such a thing. There  ^now I have told 
you her name  ^LitUe Bed Biding Hood. It slipped out quite 
unawares ;  and the next thing I must do is^ to tell you how she 
got this name. You must know that every one who knew her 
liked her  ^good children are always liked  ^but those who loved 
her most was her mother and an old, old lady, her grandmother. 
Old people are always ready to make pets of their grandchildren, 
and this little girl's grandmother, to show how much she loved her, 
gave her a beautiful little cloak of red cloth, with a hood to draw 
over her head, such as the ladies wore when they rode along the 
highway in their grand fine coaches. The little girl looked very 
nice indeed when she wore this present, and when the neighbours 
saw her tripping along the village street, with the scarlet doth 
covering drawn over her pretty little head, they would say :  "Here 
comes Little Bed Biding Hood.'' 

But the poor old grandmother fell sick and could not come out 
to see them as usual, but had to lie all alone in bed. And let me 
tell you it is a very dreary thing to be in bed alone and ill. So 
the mother, who had been making some ni3e cheesecakes said to 
Little Bed Biding Hood, " I hear your grandmother is ill ; so go 
my child and see how she does, and carry her some of these cakes, 

196 



and a little pot of butter." TMb was right and kind ; for we should 
always remember our friends when they are absent, and the 
more so ^en they are ill. 

Little Red Biding Hood was, as I have said, a good hearted 
child. Nothing pleased her so well as to make herself useful to 
'Others, and above all to her kind grandmother. So she went at 
once and brought a little basket for the cakes and butter ; and I 
warrant you she did not forget to put on the little scarlet hood 
which became her so well. And she was very soon ready, and 
107 



her mother gave her the butter and the little cakes. They were 
very nice little cakes, and the way they were packed in Red 
Biding Hood's basket made them look rery good indeed; for 
Little Bed Kiding Hood had quite a taste for neatness, and she 
did not fail to make use of it on the present occasion. You may 
beliere me, there is a great deal more in the way in which things 
198 



LITTLE BID KIDINO HOOD. 

are arraDged than we 
ore apt to consider. 
Who would like to eat 
baked apples out of a 
fire ahovel? 

Now it was not very 
far from Little Red 
Riding Hood's home 
to the village in which 
her grandmother livedj 
flo her mother, who loved her most dearly, thought she might ven- 
ture to send the little 
girl there alone. Still, 
on parting with her, 
she told her to be very 
care&l, and not to loi- 
ter too long by the way. 
She also chaiged her 
with a great many kind 
messages for the old 
grandmother, and bade 
her to be sure and ask 
how the old lady's 
rheumatism was. Old 
people like these little 
attentions, and young 
people would do well to 

109 



remember it. Little Red Biding Hood promised not to fi>i^ 
what her mother told her ; and she said " Good-l^e," and gare 
her two kisses, and tripped off as ga; and light-hearted as an; of 
the little birds that sat singing on the boughs of the forest 
through which she passed. 

Now there were some woodmen at work in the forest cutting 
down the great fir trees for firewood, and singing as th^ dealt 
their strokes with willing hands and heavy axes. There was 
also something there which threatened danger to the little giri; 
namely  a great gaunt himgry wolf. This cruel animal was more 
arage than usual, for he had been without his dinner for two 
days ; (m the first he had paid a visit to a sheepfold, thinking he 
^oold like lamb for dinner, and the watch-dog had caught him 



LITTLE BED BIDING HOOD. 

and beaten liim soundly. On the second day he had ventured 
to look in at the door of a butcher's shop^ where some tempting 
beefsteaks were hanging up. But the butcher caught him^ and 
the wolf shuddered when he thought of the thrashing he had 
received from the angry man's cudgel. So you know the 
wolf was all the more ready to take advantage of anything that 
should come in his way^ providing it looked at all like dinner; 
and he was just in this mood^ when whom should he meet but 
pretty chubby Little Bicd Riding Hood. 

Now the wolf would have been very well pleased to have 
made one spring at the little girl^ and to have begun eating 
her up at once; but the workmen were nearj and he could 
distinctly hear how their blows resounded through the wood^ 
''thwack, thwack.'* One of the woodmen saw both the wolf 
and Little Red Riding Hood, and suspecting that Master 
Grizzly was bent upon some mischief, he resolved to keep a 
watch on him without seeming to do so. 

The wolf on his part walked daintily up to Little Red Riding 
Hood, wagging his head to and fro, and nodding and simper- 
ing, as I have seen some old gentlemen do when they talk to 
children. He was trying his best to look amiable and innocent, 
and on the whole, he succeeded very well; only his eyes were 
dreadfully green and glared in a hungry and uncomfortable 
manner, and when he smiled he showed all his great set of 
white teeth in his upper and under jaw; and he looked at the 
child with the sort of liking a cat feels for a mouse, when she 
is hungry. But Little Red Riding Hood felt no fear; she 

201 



wu tlioroughlj innoceat herself and did not tnupect deceit 
ia otiien. 

"Oood morning, Little Red Riding Hood," said the wolf, in 
R ioft, oily way. "Good morning. Master Wolf," answered the 
child, and ilio wondered at finding the wolf so civil ; bis bow, 
with a Dorapo of the forefoot, she thought very gracefol. 
202 



LITTLE RED BIDING HOOD. 

''And pray where may you be going bo early?'* continued 
the wolf j and he grinned and fawned^ and looked more hungry 
than ever, 

"I am going to my grandmother's/* replied Red Biding 
Hood ; and she thought the wolf was rather curious^ but never 
dreamed he had any reason for asking her these questions. 

"And pray what may you have in this basket^ my darling 
little girl?*' asked the wolf. And he sniffed and snuffed at 
the basket^ and thrust his great nose almost into it^ while his 
mouth and eyes both watered together. 

''Some cakes and a pot of butter/' answered the child; and 
she drew back^ thinking that for such a soft-spoken gentleman 
the wolf had rather rude habits. 

"Your grandmother?  The dear old lady; how fond I am 
of her! And pray where does she live?" asked the wolf pre- 
tending to take the greatest interest in the matter. 

" She lives down beyond the hill/' answered Little Red Riding 
Hood^ "beyond the hill you see yonder^ at the first house 
in the village." 

Well, . said the wolf  "I don't mind if I go to see her as 
well  She'll be gratified to see me I know, the dear old soul; 
for she is very fond of me, and I'm very fond of her, (and you 
can't think how hungry he looked just then); so you take this 
path to the right, and I'll take that one to the left, and we'll 
see which of us gets there first." 

Now the cunning wolf knew very well that he was certain 
to get first to the old woman's house. He had chosen the 

203 



shortest way to go hj, you may be sure ; and cot only that, 
hut as soon as the child was out of sight, he set ofif gallopii^ 
as hard as ever he could, with all his legs stretched out, and 
his head sunk down between his fore-paws, and his month 
gnnning. He knew well enough, the rascal, that his cunning 
and wicked scheme depended upon his travelling iaster than 
Little Bed Biding Hood could go; and that is why he made 
SQch haste. Little Bed Riding Hood had no cause for hony; 
she loitered hj the way, as she passed along the pleasant forest 
path, to pick the flowers that grew by the wayside, and make 
a noB^ay of them ; " Qrandmamma likes flowers," she said to 
herself; " and she will be all the better pleased to see me, if I 
r her a handsome nosegay  and a few wood strawberries 
204 



to eat with the cakesj will perhaps please her too." So she 
vent prattlmg on, Btopping ereiy dot and then to sing a merry 
little Bong, in her cheerful lighthearted v&j; and for a little 
while we most leave her to follow tlie footateps of the wicked 
galloping wolf. 

The pace at which this bad animal ranj soon hionght him 
to the grandmother's cottage. He never stopped^ not he^ to 
gather flowers, or to sing a songj his onl^ thought was of dinner; 
and, Z am sorry to say that he thought of dinner, and of the 
grandmother together. And he considered eating Little Bed 
206 



Riding Hood as yoa might propose eating a delicate partridge 
or pigeon, alter rather a tough piece of beef. 

At the grandmother's cottage he stopped just for a momeut 
to get breath after his run. Then he knocked at the door, 
giving two little taps as Bed Riding Hood herself might 
hare done. 

"Who's there," cried the feeble voice of the poor old dame 
from within the house. 

"Your grand-daughter. Little Red Riding Hood," replied 



the wolf; and he took great paiuB to imitate the child's high 
voice, but did not succeed very well in the attempt. "I have 
come to bring you Bome cakes and a little pot of &esh butter 
from my mother. 

The old grandmother, aa she lay ill in bed, thought that her 
dear little grandchild must have a very bad cold to make ber 
epeak in that strange crushed voice, yet she did not for au 
instant suspect the true state of the case, but answered : " Pull 
the bobbin and the latch will go up;" {you see it was an old- 
fashioned door, with the latch on the inside, and a piece of 
bobbin that went through a hole to open it by). The wolf did 
as he was bid, without one moment's delay ; he took the bobbin 
in his teeth and gave it a great jerk, then he set his shoulder 
207 



ftgtUQSt tho door and poshed it open in a minute. In he rushed 
into tho poor old iromut's room ; and I ahould be horrified and 
w> vould you be, if I wrre to describe to yon the greedy man* 
nw in which he ate her up, skin and bone, arms and iega, 
head aud fcot. In five miuute afterwards, there was not a bit 



. of the old grandmother left, except a wig of false carls which 
the wore under her night cap, (she was rather vain of her hair 
poor old lady), and yet the wolf was not half Batiafied but began 
to long for the arrival of Little Bed Biding Hood ! 1 1 

Z told you, when I began, that this was to be a wonderful 
atoiy 1 

Well, the next thing the wolf did, was to dreas himself in 
the grandmother's clothes, and take his place in her bed. And 
yon may be sure he pulled the night-cap well down, and drew the 
bed-clothea well np, bo as to show as little as possible of his 



great hairy face. Re temembered the grandmother had been 
rather a dark-looking old lady, and so he flattered himself he 
might pass for her well enough. And there he lay, iraiting for 
the child's arrival, with his green eyes glaring, and his mouth 
watering as before. 

He had not very long to wiut before Little Bed Riding Hood 
arrived ; but to the greedy wicked wolf each minute seemed an 
hour. At last, however, he heard her light footstep outside the 
door, and presently the tap of her little fingers upon it  " tap  
tap  tap 1" 

" Who is there ? " cried the wolf eagerly ; so eagerly, indeed, 

that he forgot to soften his voice, and set Little Red Riding Hood 

thinking what a bad cold grandmamma must have to make her 

0 hoarse. But she never suspected the truth, and replied at 

210 



LITTLE RED BIDINa HOOD. 

once : ''I am your grandchild^ Little Red Biding Hood. Mamma 
lias sent me to you with a basket of nice cakes and a pot 
of butter/' 

Sy 'this time the wolf had recollected himself so far as to dis- 
guise his harsh yoice^ and softening it as much as ever he couldj 
he cried:  ''Full the bobbin^ my dear^ and the latch will go 
up/' 

Little Red Riding Hood did as she was told. She pulled the 
bobbin with a light little pull;  the latch flew up^ and the little 
maiden tripped into the room all fresh and rosy with her walk^ 
and with her natty little basket on one arm^ and a great nosegay 
of wild flowers on the other  honeysuckles, dog-roses, forget-me- 
nots, and a great many more ;  ^not forgetting even the common 
purple mallow, which we are apt to overlook when we make up 
our nosegays, but which looks very pretty, I can tell you, if 
its purple flowers are cleverly mingled among the other field 
flowers. 

Now Little Red Riding Hood had never seen her grandmother 
except when up and dressed in her day clothes. She was there- 
fore, not a little surprised when she saw how funny the old lady 
looked as she lay tucked up in bed. Although her face was more 
than half hidden under the bed-clothes, the part that peeped 
forth looked so brown and strange that Little Red Riding Hood 
thought her grandmother must have been staining herself with 
walnut juice. But presently she came to the conclusion that 
it was far more likely that the poor old lady had been too ill 
and too feeble to wash herself for the last two or three days 

211 



"Bat whaterer can hare made grandmamma'a eyes so green?" 
thouglLt he, as she stepped forward, somewhat timidlfj to ofier 
the old lady one of the cakes. 

Now yon can fancy what a little mouthful a small cak.e most 
have appeared to a Tavenoas wolf that had eaten up a grand- 
mothcTj and then wanted more. But the cmming brute was tax 
too wily to let the child see that ; he simply took the cake, and 
nibbled it slowly, and with the air of a person whose appetite 
wu really very delicate. But who can describe the feelings with 
with which he looked on hia visitor, as he lay munching the cake 
alowly, slowly  bit by bit. 

212 



Little Bd Biding Hood employed herself in arranging the 
flowers she had brought with her on the mantlepiece ; and as 
she was a tasty little thing, she soon made the whole place look 
quite fresh and neat. She had a nabual talent for arranging 
flowers  our little child  and knew that a great deal of their 
appearance depended upon the manner in which they were put 
into the vase or glass. So she arranged them care&illy, wit^ the 
honeysuckle drooping down over the sides of the glass, and the 
dog-roses skilfully placed, with the blue forget-me-nots peering 
out between them ; and when all wss ready she turned her bright 
face to granny with a look of triumph and bade her see how 
pretty she had made her room. Oh ! if she could only have 
218 



LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD. 

known how completely tlie wicked wolf had done for poor granny^ 
and how eager he was to take the child herself under his per 
sonal care in the same manner I 

Now the pretended grandmother appeared to be yery ill indeed 
with the spasms^ and moaned and kicked about terribly under 
the bed-clothes ; and in doing so he had nearly betrayed himself, 
for he tossed and tumbled to such an extent that he nearly sent 
all the covering on the floor; if it had quite fallen off, the child 
would soon have seen what kind of a grandmother was lying in 
the bed, and how the illness was nothing but a wicked cheat. 
But the wolf caught the clothes with a clutch just as they were 
slipping off; and said, in a feeble voice  ''Oh, my dear grand- 
child, will you not come into bed with your poor old granny. 
I am too ill to get up and talk to you!'' 

Little Bed Riding Hood obeyed. And so tired was she with 
tier long walk, that in a moment she had fallen asleep. She 
"was far too weary to look at her grandmother with any great 
degree of attention ; and this accounts for the fact that the 
wicked wolf was enabled to carry on his deception for so long. 
He might now have eaten up the poor child at once, for she lay 
quite helpless and at his mercy, sleeping peaceably, and never 
suspecting the danger she was in. But the wolf, considering him- 
self quite sure of his prey, wanted to amuse himself for a little 
while with it, before he made an end of the matter. I dare say 
you have sometimes seen a cruel cat playing with a poor little 
mouse : catching it in its cruel talons, and then letting it loose 
for a little while, and afterwards catching it again; so as to 

214 



lengthen oat the pleasure before eating the poor little thing up 
at last. This iras just the feeling the volf had about our poor 
Little Bed Riding Hood, as he la; glaring at her while she slept 
so peacefully beside him. Now the wolf was a great deal too 
sure of his prey ; and, like many wicked people, he thought him- 
self safe with his prize as soon as it was in his power. But like 
many wicked people he deceived himself, and his punishment 
came when he least expected it. I will tell yon how. 

Yon remember that some wood<cutters had been employed 
in the forest at the time Little Bed Biding Hood met the ciyil 
wolf there. From the very first they had suspected that there 
was some design in what the wolf did, and that he was not so 
civil and polite without some very good reason. So they watched 
215 



for th return of the child, and when she did not come, the; 
at lait got so uneasy aa to set oat in search of her. Th^ vent 
trught throngh the forest towards the old grandsme's honse, 
and at last reached it ; and, what was their surprise on looking 
through the window to see Little Bed Biding Hood in bed 
WITH THB WOLF. At first they could not believe their eyes, 
but thought there must be some mistake  ^but it was true  
there was no mistake about it. There lay the pretty child, 
with her red cheeks, pretty little mouth, and blue eyes; and 
next to her the great wolf with his gaunt hairy face, and his 
jnouth which was by no means little, and his eyes which were 
not blue, but very green indeed. The wood-cutters were hor- 
rified when they saw this. They crept quietly into the room, 
216 



LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD. 

and hid themselves near the bed^ so as to see what would 
occur next. 

Little Bed Biding Hood woke after a short nap; and being 
refreshed by her sleep^ began to take notice of the things 
around her. Then she observed, for the first time, how very 
singular granny looked; how her eyes had become green and 
glaring, how her tongue hung out of her mouth, and how she 
panted and gasped in a strange uncomfortable manner. She 
thought that the poor old lady must have been very ill indeed 
to lose her good looks so entirely, and pitied poor gran firom 
the very depths of her kind little innocent heart. The brown 
color of her complexion she thought might come firom an untidy 
habit the old lady had of taking snuff. 

So she began to tell her all that had occurred in the wood ; 
and how she had met a wolf. '/Did you indeed, my dear?'' 
said the false grandmother, and he hid his face imder the bed 
clothes and chuckled to himself. ''And, grandmamma, I was 
afiraid at first he would hurt me ; but he was very kind and polite.'' 
"Was he indeed, my darling?" said the wolf; and he grinned 
again. "Yes, and he asked where I was going, and where 
you lived; and when I said I was coming to see you, he said 
he would come too, and I rather expected to see him here. Do 
you think I shall see him before I leave, grandma?" "I 
should'nt at all wonder if you did, my pet I" replied the wolf; 
and he was obliged to hide his head under the bed clothes again, 
and stuff the sheet into his great mouth to prevent himself 

217 



LITTLE BED BIDING HOOD. 

firom screaming with laughter^ bo much amused was he at the 
poor child's simplicity. As it was^ he remained under the 
clothes till he was half strangled^ shaking his sides with laughter 
to such a degree that the child was frightened at firsts thinking 
that her grandmother must have a very bad fit of the ^asms^ 
and must be very ill indeed; but the treacherous wolf gave two 
or three deep sighs and groans^ and put up his head above the 
dothes^ looking at the child with what he intended to be a smile^ 
but which was after all only a grin^ that stretched his mouth 
wider than ever^ which was not at all necessary; and he gave 
the child a hug in a very loving way^ and thought what a nice 
little girl she was^ and how he should like her  ^when he came 
to be hungry. 

'^Grandmother^'' cried the child in surprise^ ''what great rough 
arms you have got." 

"The better to embrace you^ my dear^ dear child/' answered 
the wolf; cocking his ear in a knowing way under his nightcap. 

"But granny/' continued the child^ "what long, stiffs limny 
ears you have got." 

"The better to hear what you say, my pretty darling/* was the 
reply, and the wolfs eyes glared greener than ever, as he thought 
of the feast he would make presently. 

"What great green eyes you have got grandmamma," said 
Bed Biding Hood, and at last she began to be frightened. 

"All the better to see you with my child." chuckled the wolf, 
and he grinned until you could see right down his throat, like 

^4) a great red cavern. 

218 



Little Bed Biding Hoodj now serioiiBly alarmed, sat np in bed 
and cried :  

"Grandmamma 1 what a great mouth you have got 1 and what 
large, ugly teeth ! " 

"Hahl Hah! Hah!" snarled the wolf, throwing off his 

nightcap and his good nature together and appearing in hia true 

210 



LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD. 

cliaracter at last. Hah I Hah ! Hurrah my pretty child I those 
teeth are to tear you to pieces with 1 and'' whack ! came down 
a pointed spear upon his head ! and the wicked wolf fell off the 
bed on to the floor, where he rolled over three times and then 
lay for a moment stunned and motionless. 

The woodmen had burst forth from their hiding place armed 
with long poles with scythe blades at the end. They had been 
long on the watch ; and now they surprised the wolf just as he 
was about to spring on the poor horrified child, who, too late, 
discovered the mistake she had made ; and one of them with a 
well aimed blow of his pointed weapon, saved the life of our 
Little Eed Biding Hood. 

But it is no easy matter to kill a wolf. In another moment 
the monster was up again; with flashing eyes, and hide bristling, 
and tail as thick as that of an angry cat, he sprang on the bed 
and stood glaring at his enemies. They were obliged to act with 
caution; for the wolf watched for an opportunity to fasten upon 
one of them, and he was literally yelling with rage. The wood- 
men however, were not to be daunted; they came on step by 
step, with their weapons advanced to drive him into a comer, 
calling to Little Bed Biding Hood to jump off the bed and get 
behind them; which I am told she did without any loss of time, 
when she had regained the use of her limbs, of which terror had 
deprived her for a moment. The wolf snapped and snarled and 
bit savagely at the knives which came closer and closer to his 
great hairy throat ; and he would have given all he had, if he 
had anything at all, to be safe in the woods, far away. At last 

220 



LITTLE BED BIDING HOOD. 

he gathered himself up for a mighty effort^ and gave one tre- 
mendous jump forward ; and he wotdd no doubt have gone dean 
over the heads of the woodmen^ and been right away into the 
woods^ but the night gown he had put on clung about his heels 
and sent him down with a great thump upon the floor. So you 
see, the wicked deceit he had practised in acting the old 
grandmother ended in his own destruction. 

For the woodmen were upon him in an instant with their spears ; 
and they struck the robber with their weapons again and again, 
for aU his fighting and scratching, and snarling. And this wsa 
the only respectable thing I know about the wolf; he fought 
for his life and bravely too. 

But two against one is hard work, especially where the two 
have spears and the one has only fangs and claws. At last 
the wolf was fairly beaten, and lay panting in the comer of the 
floor with his eyes rolling and his tongue hanging out of 
his mouth. 

In a moment or two he began slowly to reyive, and whined 
and begged for mercy ; but the woodmen hit him again with their 
spears, and soon made an end of him. And they had a right to 
do so ; for the wicked animal which thus made war upon all other 
creatures, and was so treacherous and cruel, was not fit to liye. 

Early the next morning they stripped off his hide as the 
only part of him that could be of any value; and they threw 
his carcase to the dogs to be eaten up by them ; which served 
that animal entirely right. The skin was very rough and hairy, 
but still had some little value, which caused one of the woodmen 

221 



LITTLE RED RIDINQ HOOD. 

to observe^ ''that tbe first time the wolf had been useful^ in 
his LiFE^ was after his death/' but this woodman was an 
Irishman. 

Then the friendly men who had thus come in just at th 
right moment to save our poor child^ took her by the hand and 
began their walk home through the wood together ; and as they 
went, one of the woodmen said to the child, not roughly or 
unkindly, but in a quiet friendly manner: ''DonH you think. 
Little Bed Biding Hood, it would have been better if you had 
kept on your way without stopping to speak to the wolf at all, 
or loitering in the forest. If you had kept straight on, and had 
not told him where you were going, you would not have run 
into such danger and your poor old grandmother might hare 
been alive now." 

Poor Little Bed Biding Hood was too much flurried by all 
that had happened, and too sorry for her grandmother's death, 
to make any reply ; but she bent over the good woodman's hand 
and kissed it twice, and then he had to wipe away two bright 
little tears from the hand she had kissed ; and I dare say he 
thought those little kisses and tears thanked him quite as well 
as words would have done. 

If I had time I might go on to tell you how they got safely 
home to the house of Little Bed Biding Hood's mother; how 
glad that poor lady was to see them ; how she gave the good 
woodmen a plentiful supper, and so much strong beer that it 
- '^nsidered best for them to stay in the house all night, and 
ome till the next morning; how they gave Little Bed 

222 



LITTLE KZD KIDING BOOD. 

Biding Hood a great deal of good advice, and three losses each ; 
and a great many other interesting and valuable matters. Bat 
I must leave 70a to imagine all this, and conclude my story with 
this little hit of advice, which the woodman gave to Bed Biding 
Hood and which I give to my readers by way of moral :  

If in this world secure you'd be 

From danger, and strife, and care, 
Xake heed with whom you keep company, 

And how  and when  and where. 



FOTX. 

In Oennanj, France, Italy, and England there are yarions yerrionB 
of this popular tale, differing in the catastrophe with which it termi 
natea. In the old and most unsatiBfiBustory version, the chronicle ends 
at the exciting point where the wolf sprang upon Little Bed Eiding 
Hood and ate her up in a moment. In the next version, we arrive 
at a somewhat more satisfactory result ; the wolf is killed, and thus at 
least the death of the ill-fated heroine of the tale is avenged. But still 
it seemed a hard thing that the poor little child should suffer death 
merely for a piece of amiable indiscretion, and accordingly the German 
tale of ''Bothkappcher'* seeks to evade this difficulty by making 
the wolf swallow both grandmother and child wholly and thus enabling 
them to be freed from their unpleasant position on the cutting open 
of the wolf by the huntsman. The conclusion of the Gferman tale is 
in the same 'whimsical strain. The huntsmen finding the wolf asleep^ 
Bobstitute two great stones for the grandmother and grandchild, with- 
out disturbing the monster's nap ; the wolf goes to drink at the stream, 
and tumbling in, is borne down by the weight of the stones. This 
version appeared too extravagant to present to English children even 
as a fiury tale. It has been therefore thought advisable to retain 
the old English version of the story, merely altering the condusion 
to avoid killing the heroine. 



THE HI8T0ET 



or 



JACK THE GIAJVrr-KILLER 



I DAKE say you have heard of King Arthur, or, as some call 

him, Prince Arthur, and his wife Generra, who reigned in 

227 



JACK THE GIANT-KILLEB. 

Britain many hundred years ago  ^long before the tune of the 
good King Alfred. If not^ you must get your friends to tell 
you something about them, and about the ELnights of the Bound 
Table. What I am going to do now is to tell you a wonderful 
and remarkable story, not about King Arthur, but about a very 
marvellous person who lived in his time, and who did some 
very brave actions. His name was Jack. 

This Jack was the son of a poor urmer who lived in CSomwall, 
near the Land's-end, where the tin mines are. Jack was always, 
a bold, fearless boy. He feared neither heat nor cold, could 
climb a steep mountain, or plunge into a deep stream; and he 
delighted to hear his father's stories about the brave Knights of 
the Bound Table, and of all their valiant deeds. 

From constantly hearing of such things. Jack got to take a great 
interest in all that related to combats, victories, and battles. 
And the more he heard, the more anxious did he feel to find 
some enemy against whom he could fight; for he never doubted 
that his skill and courage would give him the victory in every 
encounter. And do you know, I think that this de}>endance 
upon himself and his own powers, had a great deal to do with 
the success that Jack afterwards met with in the wonderful ad- 
ventures I shall tell you about before this present story is done. 
If any one firmly makes up his mind to do a certain thing, the 
chances are that he will succeed in it, unless the thing be very 
difficult indeed  as in the case of the little boy who made up his 
mind to bite his own nose off, or of his brother, who tried to tame 
an oyster. 

228 



Now there were several great giants in England and Wales 
at the time of which I write ; and against these giants Jack re> 
Bolved to try his strength and skill. He could scareely have 
chosen more fitting enemies; for the giants were hated and 



JACK THB GIANT-KILLEB. 

feared by everybody, witb good reason. They were great big 
bullying fellows, with great arms, great legs, and a great habit 
of taking what did not belong to them, especially in the way of 
cattle and sheep. And as one of these gentry could as soon 
chop up a whole sheep as we should cut up a mutton chop, and 
would no more stop at eating a whole ox, than we should stick 
at a steak when we were very hungry, you can fancy that the 
people whose property they made free with were not glad to see 
them  quite the reverse. If there was one giant, whose absence 
all Jack's neighbours particularly desired, and whom they were 
especially sorry to see when he called in upon them, that giant 
was the one named Cormoran (also called Cormorant from his 
great and voracious appetite.) 

This cruel monster lived on St. Michael's Mount, a high hill 
that rises out of the sea near the coast of Cornwall, and is in 
shape not unlike an immense pound-cake. He was eighteen feet 
high and nine feet round; so you can fancy the quantity of stuff 
it would take to make him a pair of trowsers ; and perhaps diat 
was the reason why he usually wore none. He had a very ugly 
face, and a hugh mouth with pointed teeth like those of a saw; 
and the people upon whom he called were not glad when they saw 
him ; for he was not content when he saw them with his eyes, 
but would pop them in his mouth, and saw them with his saw- 
like teeth. He used to come out of the cave in which he dwelt 
on the very top of the mountain, and walk through the sea 
when the tide was low, right into Cornwall; and the people who 
lived there used to take care that he did not find them at home 

290 



when he called. However, he did not have his walk for nothing, 
for he carried off their cattle a dozen at a time, slinging them 
on a pole across his shoulder, as a man might sling a dozen 
rabbits. How short a time this dozen lasted him, and bow soon 
be came for more, was really wonderful, 

When he got tired of eating beef, he would vary hia diet by 
coming and stealing three or four dozen sheep and bogs, that 
he might have a dish of pork and mutton ; and these small 
animals he would string round his wfust and carry them off  the 
sheep bleating and the pigs squealing  to the great annoyance 
of the owners, who watched him at a distance and did not dare 
to interfere. For the giant had a big club which be used as 
231 



JACK THE GIANT-KILLBB. 

a walking-sticky and it had spikes at one end. And he had been 
heard to say  that all those whom he did not knock down dead 
with the thick end of* his dub^ he would spit^ like so many larks, 
on the spike at the other end ; so the people were very shy of 
coming within reach of either end of the giant's club. 

But there was one youngster who declared he would serve out 
Master Cormoran in one way or another; and this youngster 
was our friend Jack. This is the way he made good his 
promise :  

One winter's evenings when it was already growing dark, he 
swam from the Cormsh coast to St. Michael's Mount, pushing 
before him a kind of raft on which were a pickaxe, a shovel, 
and a dark lantern. It was quite dark night by the time he 
got to the mount; but in the gianfs cave there was a light, 
and Jack could see Cormoran, who had just finished his supper, 
picking his teeth with a hedge-stake. All night long Jack 
worked busily and silently by the light of his dark lantern, 
digging a deep pit before the giant'3 dwelling. By the time 
the morning dawned, he had made a great hole, twenty feet 
deep, and twenty feet broad. He covered this pit-hole with 
sticks and straw, and strewed earth and sand lightly over the 
top, so that it looked just like solid groimd. Then he stepped 
back a few paces, took a trumpet that hung at the gate, and 
blew a loud blast as a challenge to the giant to come out and 
fight him. Cormoran woke up from his sleep with a start ; and 
he was in a great rage, you may be sure, when he saw what 
a little fellow was standing outside defying him. "Ton saucy 

232 



yill&in I " he roared out ; " wait a moment, and I '11 brtnl you 
for my breakiastl" 

Witli this agreeable speech he turned back into the cave to 
get the neat walking-stick I have told you of; and baring armed 
himself with this weapon, he came rushing out, intending to 
give Jack a taste first of the thick end, and then of the spike at 
the other end. But the pit was in his way. The giant came 
tramping over it with his great heavy feet, and  " crack !  
crunch I^-cre-e-e-e-oh I "  ^in he went, right up to his neck, and 
stood there, roaring with r^^, with only his great ugly he^ 
above the surface of the gronnd. 



JACK. THE GIANT-KILLER. 

"Aha, Master Cormoran'* cried Jack, "what say you now 
will nothing serve you for your breakfast this cold morning but 
broiling poor me?*' 

The giant was more enraged than ever; and he made such 
a mighty effort to get out of the pit, that the whole mountain 
shook, and the stones and rubbish came rolling down its sides 
into the hole. Jack saw there was no time to be lost. He raised 
his pickaxe, struck Cormoran one blow on the head with it, 
and the cruel giant dropped down dead in a moment. Jack 
returned in triumph to Clomwall; and when the people heard 
of their enemy's death, they were not sorry, but quite the 
reverse; and the justices and great squires of Cornwall, when 
they heard of Jack's brave deed, declared, that from henceforth, 
the valiant youth should be called Jack the Giant Killer; 
and as a further reward they presented him with a handsome 
sword, and a belt, on which stood in letters of gold, the words :  

This is the valiant Cornish Man 
Who slew the Giant Cormoran I 

This was all very well; but one piece of work often brings on 
another. Jack soon found that his title of "Giant-Killer^' 
brought some danger along with it, as well as a good deal of 
praise and honor ; and a very few weeks after Cormoran's death 
he found he would have to sustain new combats. 

Above all, there was a great hulking giant, who lived among 
the mountains of Wales. This giant had been a friend of 
Cormoran's, and had often been invited by that personage to 

2M 



dine with Um off a couple of oxen or half-a-dozen sheep. When 
be heard of Cormoran's death he was very angry, and vowed 
vengeance against Jack. 

Now it happened that Jack took a journey into Wales ; and 
235 



JACK THE GTAXT-KILLBB. 

one Amj, as he vas tiaTelliiig tluoagh a vood, he sat dowa 
hende a fbimtam to lesL The day was hot ; and Jack, OTeroome 
bj fiitigne, q[iiickl J &I1 asleep beside the fountain. As he hj 
Aeie, who should oome bjr bat old Blonderbore, (this was the 
giant's name. He was so called becanae he often made Uundeis, 
and all the neighboon finmd him a great boie). The giant 
saw bj the inscription on Jack's belt who and what he was. 
''Aha'' he chnckled, ''have I caught yon my valiant Cormsh 
man? Now yon shall pay for your tricks/' and he hoisted Jack 
up on lus shoolder and began to stride towards his castle as 
iSut as he oonld. The jolting walk of the giant soon woke 
Jack out of lus sleep ; he was very much alarmed when he found 
himself in Blunderbore's clutches; and I will undertake to say 
that all who read this story would have been frightened if they 
had been in lus place, unless they are very brave and valiant 
people indeed. 

Blunderbore soon arrived at his castle. Jack was dreadfully 
horrified when he looked round ; for on the ground were strewn 
the bones of men and children whom this cruel giant had de- 
voured. Blunderbore seemed to enjoy Jack's fright very much; 
and told him with a hideous grin that his iavorite food was a 
man's heart eaten with salt and pepper; and showed pretty 
plainly that he intended heartily to enjoy Jack's heart within a 
very short time  which must have been an agreeable thing for 
Jack to reflect upon. 

Blunderbore did not care to eat such a nice meal as the Oiant 
Killer would be, all by himself. He was a companionable sort 

236 



cf ^&nt, and had one or two friaids who used to come to 
BQpper vith him. To one of these friends old Bluudebore went 
to invite him to sapper; that he might brag of having ct^tored 
the iamous hero^ who slew their lamented friend Conooran. 
287 



JACK THE OIANT-KILLIK. 

Jack paced to and fro for some time, in a great fiight and 
perplexity ; and at last ran to the window to see if he could leap 
out. It was too high for bim to think of such a thing; and  
oh, horror !  there were the two ^ants coming along arm-in-arm. 

In utter despur. Jack cast a glance aroimd the room ; in a far* 
off comer of which he espied two stout cords. To seize them, 
make a running noose in the end of each, and twist them firmly 
together, was the work of a moment; and just as the giants 
were entering the gate of the castle, he cleverly dropped a noose 
over the head of each. The other cud was passed over a beam of 
the ceiling, and Jack pulled and hauled with all his might; in 
short, he pulled with such a will that the giants were very soon 



Jack lost no time id getting the giant's key and setting all 
the captives free ; and he gave them the castle and all it con- 
tained as a reward for their sufferings; and bidding them a 
polite good bye, pursued his journey into Wales. 

He walked on sturdily till the night came ; by which time he 
bad reached a large and handsome house, which looked very 
inviting to a weary traveller, who had walked many miles, after 
killing two giants. He knocked at the door to ask admittance 
for the night, and was rather startled when the door was answered 
fay a large giant. This monster was indeed a formidable fellow. 
He was as tall as Cormoran, and a foot or two broader round 
the waist. He had two beads ; and of course he had doable the 
239 



JACK THE GIANT-KILLER. 

izsnal number of mouths^ and perhaps that is why he was fat. 
He was very civil however. He made our hero a bow, and invited 
him into his house^ gave him a good supper^ and sent him to 
bed. But Jack did not entirely trust his host. He thought he 
had seen him shaking his fist at him slily once or twice during 
supper time ; so^ instead of going to sleep he listened. Presently 
he heard the giant marching about in the room^ singing a duet 
for two voices all by himself the treble with one mouth, and 
the bass with the other. This was the song he sang :  

"Though you lodge with me this night, 
Tou shall not see the morning light ; 
My dub shall dash your brains out  quite!" 






Indeed/' thought Jack, when he heard this amiable ditty. 

Are these the tricks you play upon travellers, Mr. Giant. But 
I hope I shall prove a match for you yet.'' So he began groping 
about the room to find something to lay in the bed instead of 
himself, against the time when the giant should bring the dub. 
He found a great log of wood in the fire-place ; and this he put 
into the bed and covered it well up, while he himself lay concealed 
in a comer of the room. 

In the middle of the night he heard a sort of heavy-go-light 
step, like an elephant walking over egg-shells. It was the two- 
headed giant who came creeping into the room nodding his two 
heads at each other with a knowing wink. He sidled up to the 
bed, and  *^ Whack !  ^whack 1  ^whack 1 "^^own came his cruel 
dub upon the log of wood, just where Jack's head would have been 
but for his dever trick. The giant, thinking he had killed his 

240 



guest, retired in very good bumonTj and lay down on his own 
'bed to sleep. We may fimcy how surprised he was when Jack 
came next morning to thank him for his nighf s lodging. 

The giant rubbed his eyes and pulled his hair to make sure 
that he wss awake; but Jack stood looking on as cool as a 
cucumber. 

241 



JACK TBI OIANT-KILLEB. 

" Why ?  ^ho-ow-w-w did you Ble-e-e-p ? " atammered the giant 

at last. " Was there nothing to dist-a-r-r-b you in the night ? " 

" Oh, I slept exceedingly well," replied Jack. " I believe a 

lat came and flapped me with his tail three or four times; bnt 

he soon went away again." 

The giant was so surprised that he sat down on  bsKih, 
and scratched his heads for three minutes, trjring to make it oat. 
Then he rose slowly, and went away to prepare breakfast. Jack 
now thought he would play the giant another trick; and he 
managed it in this way. He got a great leathern bag and 
fastened it to his body, just under a loose kind of blouse he wwe, 
for he thought he would make the giant believe he had an 
immense appetite. Presently the giant came in with two great 
bowls of hasty pudding, and began feeding each of his mouths 
by turns. Jack took the other bowl and pretended to eat the 
pudding it contained; but in- 
stead of swallowing it, he kept 
stowing it in the great leathern 
bag. The giant stared harder 
than ever, and appeared to 
aeriously doubt the evidence of 
his own eyes. He was won- 
dering to behold such a little 
chap as Jack eat such a break- 
/ ftat. " Now " said Jack, when 

^ breakfast was over, " I can show 

yon a trick. 1 can cut off my 
242 



head, arms, or legs, and put them on again, just as I choose; 
and do a number of strange and ironderful things besidet. Look 
here, I vill show you an instance." So saying he took up a 
knife and ripped up the leathern bag, and all the hasty pudding 
came tumbling out on the floor, to the great surprise of the 
213 



JACK THB eiANT-KILLEB. 

giant. ''Ods! splutter hur nails!'' cried the giant^ (this is a 
Welsh joke)^ ''hur can do that hurself.'' So, determined not to 
be outdone by such a little chap as Jack^ he seised his knife ! 
plunged it into the place where his hasty pudding was ! ! and 

DBOPPSD DOWN DEAD ON THE VLOOR I ! I 

After this great achievement Jack had a better title than CTei 
to the name of the " Giant-Killer.'' He continued his journey, 
and a few days afterwards we find him travelling in very grand 
company indeed. The only son of the King Arthur^ about 
whom I have told you to ask your friends, had travelled into 
Wales, on an errand somewhat similar to Jack's. He wanted 
to deliver a beautiful lady from the hands of a wicked magician, 
who was keeping her in captivity. One day the prince fell in 
with a sturdy traveller, and found by the belt the stranger wore, 
who he was; for Jack's fame had by this time travelled as fiir 
even as King Arthur's court. The prince therefore gladly 
joined company with Jack, who offered his services, which were, 
of course, accepted. Now the prince was a very brave and 
handsome young prince; and like many other young princes 
he had a habit of giving away, and squandering his moneys 
without waiting till he got any more; which some people said 
was in consequence of his not having to work for what he got^ 
and therefore, not knowing its value. One day the prince had 
played this generous game with such hearty good will, that 
when night came, he had not a silver penny left wherewith to 
pay his lodging; and he told Jack of this circumstance with 
a long fiice, at the same time enquiring what they should do. 

2M 



Jack replied, " that his higlmeafi might make himself entirely 
easy, for they would do the very beat the; conld;" at which the 
prince felt greatly comforted. A mile or two further on th^ 
came to a lai^ castle inhabited by a wonderful giant indeed; 
a greater personage than even the gentleman who "spluttered 
his nails;" for this giant had three beads, and could fight fire 
hundred men (at least, he said be could). The prince felt 
24S 



JACK THE GIANT-KILLER. 

rather awkward about asking such a personage to entertain liiin ; 
but Jack undertook to manage all that. He went on alone, and 
knocked loudly at the castle gate. '' Who 's there ? " roared the 
giant. ''Only your poor cousin Jack^'' answered the intruder. 
The giant, like most great men, had a good many poor relations, 
and Jack knew this very well. ''What news, cousin Jack?'' asked 
the giant. " Bad news 1 Bad news !  dear uncle,'' replied Jack. 
" Pooh !  ^bah !  ^nonsense," cried the giant ; " what can be bad 
news for a person like me, who has three heads and can fight fiye 
hundred men? " "Oh, my poor dear uncle ! " replied the cun- 
ning Jack, " the king's son is coming, with two thousand men, to 
kill you and destroy your castle ! " All the gianf s three faces 
turned pale at once ; and he said, in a trembling voice, " This 
is bad news, indeed, cousin Jack; but I'll hide in the cellar 
and you shall lock me in, and keep the key till the prince haa 
gone." (I don't think this giant could have fought fii^ hundred 
men.) 

Jack laughed in his sleeve as he turned the key of the cellar 
upon the giant ; and then he fetched the prince, and they feasted 
and enjoyed themselves, eating the best of the gianf s provisions 
and drinking his very oldest wine, whilst the poor master of the 
house sat in the cellar shivering and shaking with fear. Next 
morning Jack helped the Prince to a good quantity of the giant's 
treasure, and sent him three miles forward on his journey. He 
then let out his "uncle," who looked about him in rather a 
bewildered way, and seemed to think that the two thousand men 
had not done much damage to his castle after all, and that the 

246 



prince's retinae had yerj small appetites. Jack was asked irhat 
reward he voald have, and answered  " Good ancle, all I want 
ia the old coat and cap, and the rusty sword and the worn slippers 
which are at your bed's head." "You shall have them," said 
the giant. "They will be very useful to you. The coat will 
make you invisible; the cap will reveal to you hidden thinga; 
the sword will cut through anything and everything; and the 
247 



JACK THE GTANT-KILLEB. 

slippers will give you swiftness; take them^ and welcome^ my 
aliant cousin. Jack/' 

Here was an equipment for a giant-killer. Tou can fancy, 
tliat with such helps. Jack and the prince soon found out the 
wicked magician, and in due course killed him and liberated the 
lady. The prince married her the next day, which perhaps you 
will think rather a rapid proceeding; but they did all those 
things very quickly in the old times. The happy pair then pro- 
ceeded to King Arthur's court, and so pleased was that monarch 
with what they had done, that Jack was made one of the Knights 
of the Round Table, which was as good as receiving the Victoria 
Cross for valour. 

But Jack could not be idle. He wanted to be employed on 
active service, and begged the king to send him forth against 
all the remaining Welch giants. * 

He soon had an opportunity to display his prowess; for on the 
third day of his journey, as he was passing through a thick wood, 
he heard the most doleful groans and shrieks. Presently he 
saw a great giant dragging along a handsome knight and a beau- 
tiful lady by the hair of their heads, in a very uncomfortable 
and brutal manner. Jack at once put on his invisible coat, 
and taking his sword of sharpness, stuck the giant right through 
the leg, so that the great monster came tumbling down with a 
crash. A second blow of the sword cut off the giant's head. 
The knight and his lady thanked their deliverer you may be 
sure ; but Jack would not accept an earnest invitation they gave 
him to go to their castle and live with them, for he wanted to 

243 



JACK THE GIANT-KILLEB. 

Bee the giant's den. They told him the giant had a brother 
fiercer than himself^ who dwelt there; but Jack was not to be 
deterred. 

Sure enough, at the mouth of a cavern, sat the giant, on a 
block of timber, with a club by his side. " Here is the other,'' 
cried Jack, and he hit the giant a blow with his sword. The 
giant could see no one, but began to lay about him with his 
dub; Jack, however, slipped behind him, jumped on the log 
of timber, cut off the giant's head, and sent it to King Arthur 
with that of the gianfs brother; and the two heads just made 
a good wagon load. 

Now, at length. Jack felt entitled to go and see the knight 
and his lady  and I can tell you there were rare doings at the 
castle on his arrival. The knight and all his guests drank to 
the health of the Giant- Ealler ; and he gave Jack a handsome 
ring with a picture on it of the giant dragging along the once 
unhappy couple. 

They were in the height of their mirth when a messenger 
arrived to tell them that Thundel, a fierce giant and a near 
relation of the two dead giants, was coming, burning with rage, 
to avenge his kinsmen's death. All was hurry and firight ; but 
Jack bade them be quiet  ^he would soon settle Master Thundel, 
he said. Then he sent some men to cut off the drawbridge, 
just leaving a slight piece on each side. The giant soon came 
running up, swinging his club, and though he could not see 
Jack, for our hero, knowing the importance of keeping out of ' 

sight on such occasions, had taken the precaution to put on i 

249 



JACK THE GIANT-KILLER. 

his coat of darkness^ yet his propensity for human flesh had 
rendered his sense of smelling so acute^ that he knew some one 
was at hand, and thns declared his intentions:  

 Fee ! fie ! foh ! fum ! 
I smell the blood of an Englishman ! 
Be he alive  or be he dead  
I'll grind his bones to make my bread!" 

"First, catch me/' said Jack, and he flong off his coat of 
darkness and put on his shoes of swiftness, and began to run, 
the giant bowling after him like a tall fire escape after a hand 
barrow. Jack led him round the moat, and then suddenly ran 
across the draw-bridge; but the giant, who followed him very 
dosely, no sooner came to the middle where the bridge had 
been cut, than it snapped with his weight at once, and down 
he went  splash I  ^into the moat, which was full of water and of 
great depth. The giant struggled fiercely to release himself from 
the unexpected and uncomfortable position in which he was 
placed; but Jack, who had looked forward to this moment with 
the greatest anxiety, was quite prepared to counteract all bis 
efforts. A strong rope, with a running noose at the end, had 
been kept in readiness, and was deverly thrown over the gianfs 
head by Master Jack, who had foimd such a weapon very useful 
en a former occasion and had since taken great pains to make 
himself perfect in its use. By this means he was drawn to the 
castle side of the moat, where, half-drowned and half-strangled 
^'^ Uy at the mercy of the Giant-Killer, who completed his task 
tting off the giant's head to the evident pleasure of all 

250 



the inhabitants of the castle and the arronnding country. As 
Jack was naturally desirous that the king should be made aware 
of the good service he was doing the state, the giant* s head 
was sent to Tt^ing Arthur, who perceived at once the family like- 
ness which it here to those already in his possession ; and a letter 
of thanks was stisit hack to Jack written by the king himself. 
151 



After spending a short time very pleasantly irith *he knight 
and his lady, Jack agtun set out in search of adventures. And 
it ires not long before he met with a good one. At the foot of a 
high mountain he lodged, one night, -with a good old beimit. 
This hermit was very glad to see Jack when he heard that bis 
Tisitor was the far-famed Giant-Killer ; he aaid, " I am rejoiced to 
see you, for you can do good serrice here. Enow that at the tap 
of this mountain stands an enchanted castle, the dwelling of the 
giant GalligantoB. This wicked monster, by the aid of a magi- 
cian as bad as himself, is now detaining a number of knights and 
ladiea in captivity ; and to do so the more surely, the magician 
252 



has changed them into beasts. Amongst the rest there is a duke's 
daughter who was carried off as she was walking in her lather's 
garden, and borne awa^ to this castle in a chariot drawn hy 
two fiery dragons. They have changed her into a deer, which is 
the more wanton and cruel, as she was a dear girl already. With 
yonr coat of darkness you might manage to pass by the fiery 
griffins which keep guard at the gate^ without being seen ; and 
yonr sword of sharpness would do the rest. 

Jack wanted to hear no more. He promised to do his very 
best, and the next morning early he set off to climb the 
mountain, dressed in bis invisible coat. And it was well he 



had put this garment onj for long before he got to the castle 
he could see the old magician, who was of a very suapiciouB 
nature, looking out of the second floor window. He had an 
owl on his shoulder, which looked very much like himself; and 
he had a long wand in his hand; and stood poking his red 
nose out of the window in a most inquisitive manner. 
254 



JAC& TUE OIANT-KILLEK. 

At the castle gate aat the two griiBns, likewise on the look 
out; but thanks to his coat Jack passed between them unharmed. 
At the gate hung a lai^e trumpet, and below it was written, 
as a notice travellers :  

" Whoever can this trumpet blow, 
Shall cause the giant's overthrow." 

You may fimcy what a blast Jack blew ; but you can hardly 
fancy the crash with which the gates flew open; and &e 
bewildered look of the giant and magician, as they stood biting 
their nails with vexation and fear. The captives were liberated, 
and .the giant and magician killed in a most satis&ctoiy way ; 
and Jack set out for King AJi:hur's court with the fair duke's 
daughter, whom he soon made bis wife, and I am told they 
lived long and happily. 

Now I only hope that all little boys and girls who read this 
history, will attack the gigantic sums, verbs, and lessons they 
may have to do as valiantly, and conquer them as completely, 
as the giants were overthrown by Jack the Giant-Killxr. 



KOTB. 

Stories of giants haye always been popular throughout England, 
but more particularly in Gomwally and in Wales, the scene of the 
adventures of Jack the Oiant-Killer. Ormerod, in his history of 
Cheshire, notices that in 1677, the g(nng or procession of the giants 
at Midsummer was put down. Puttenham also, in his "Art of 
Englishe Foetrie" 1589, (as quoted by Brande in the "Popular 
Antiquities ") teUs us how, in the Midsummer pageants in London, 
"there were set forth great and uglie gyants, marching as if they 
were aliye, and armed at all points, but within they are stuffed fall 
of brown paper and tow, which the shrewde boys, underpeeping, do 
guilefully discover, and tume to a greate derision." 

It has been ingeniously surmised that the giants of these stories 
were in some way connected with the Druididal figures of wicker-work, 
used in the human sacrifices of that barbarous superstition. " Dr. 
Milner in his 'History of Winchester,'" says Brande, "tells us that in 
various places on the opposite side of the Channel, among the rest at 
Dimkirk and Douay, it has been an immemorial custom, on a certain 
day in the year, to build up an knmense figure of basket work or 
canvas, which, when properly painted and dressed, resembled a huge 
giant." This was carried about from place to place, and the explanation 
was, that this figure represented a certain pagan giant who used to 
devour the inhabitants of these places until he was killed by the patron 
saint of the same. 

The editions of Jack the Giant-EOler are numerous. A very 
curious one printed in 1711 at Newcastle, is entitled :  

"This Sbcokd Pabt of Jack Ain> ths Oiakts 

omvo 
A Jull Account of his Vietorums ConqucsU over the Norik Oowxtry 
Oiantif dettroying the Enchanted Castle kqpt by QaUigantus; 
dispersed the Fiery Qriffins; put the Conjuror to Might; and 
Beleased^ not onfy many Knights and Ladies^ hut likewise a 
Duke^s Daughter^ to uhom he was honourably married^* 



CINDERELLA, 

OR THE 

GLASS SLIPPER. 



CINDEBELLA. 

Onck on a time, there lived lAar a great city, a very wtn^hy 
gentleman, with a handsome amiable young lady  Ma wife. 
They loved each other tenderly, as married people should do; 
and they had not been wedded very long, before there was a 
pretty little baby pri in the nursery  so both the parents 
were very happy. But their joy did not last long; the young 
369 



CINDBBBLLA. 

mother fell ill of a feyer, and died, while her child was atill a 
dancing, crowing litUe hhhj, &r too young to fed the loss of 
its kind parent. 

The poor husband was at first dreadfully grieved at his loss ; 
but as time wore on, his sorrow became less violent; and when 
two years had passed away, he began to feel very lonely in his 
great house. This set him upon thinking of another wife; and 
at last he made up his mind to marry again. 

Unhappily, the choice the gentleman made this time was 
not a good one. The lady whom he now married was proud 
haughty, and deceitful. She had a very bad habit of always 
wanting her own way ; and as the husband was a good natured 
easy kind of man, she usually contrived to get it. 

There was another disadvantage about this marriage. The 
new wife was a widow, and she brought with her into the 
house, two great rude girls, whom she had wisely kept out of 
her husband's sight until after he had married her. These 
girls were nearly ten years older than the gentleman's own 
pretty little daughter, and the poor child soon began to lead 
a very dreary life among her new relations. They slighted 
her, and teased her at first; and when they found the poor 
child bore it patiently, they went on from bad to worse; from 
contempt and mocking to downright ill-treatment. 

But, you will ask, why did not the gentleman look after his 
daughter? The fact was, he had not the strength to do so; 
he was so disappointed in his new wife, and so disgusted with 
the rude girls, who would not listen to him, and who were 

260 



encouraged by^ their mother in their naughtiness, that he soon 
fell sick. For six or seven months he lingered on^ getting 
veaker and weaker; and then he died, and his poor little 
daughter was left, it seemed, without a Mend in the world. 

After her father's death, the poor little girl's life was a very 
hard one. As she grew up, she became very pretty; and the 
prettier she became, the more the siatei-s seemed to hate her. 
She was treated quite like a servant, and made to help in all 
the drudgery of the house; so while the two elder sisters 
261 



CI NDEBELLA. 

flaunted in Bilks and satins, the younger one went about in a 
plain cotton gown, but with a look of kindness and .modesty 
in her face, which no money could purchase for the bold, 
harsh daughters of the widow. 

When her household drudgery was over for the day, the 
poor young girl would go into the kitchen, and sit down quietly 
in the chimney comer among the cinders. This habit pro- 
cured for her the name of ''Cinder- wench'' from that ill-natured 
girl, her eldest sister; while the younger, a little more polite, 
called her "Cinderella*'  certainly the prettier name of the two. 

Years went on, and Cinderella became prettier, and her 
step-sisters more unkind than ever. They were never weary 
of tormenting the poor girl; and had not even the sense to 
see that every one disliked them for it. They would dress 
themselves out in great state to go to balls and parties, and 
were not ashamed to ask Cinderella to help them to dress. 
Then, when she had taken the greatest pains with them, these 
unkind girls would say some harsh word or other to her, as 
they went down stairs. And I wish every one who reads this 
story, (especially every little girl), to reflect what harm is 
sometimes done by unkind words, hastily uttered. Never allow 
yourselves to be harsh in your speech, and even give up the 
last word rather than disregard this piece of good advice. 

One day the two sisters received a little note on scented roee 
colored paper, which made them hold their heads up higher 
than ever, and become more insolent and rude to everybody 

n they had been before. This note was an invitation to a 

262 



grand state dress ball, given by the king's son. Yon cannot 
imagine hoT elated the two sisters were ; they began to consult, 
six weeks before the date of the entertainment, as to what they 
shonld wear. And it was wonderful how these girls, who were 
usaally as lazy as ever they could be, became quite busy when 
their vanity was fairly roused. They found plenty of work for 
Cinderella, who after her household drudgery was done, had to 
starch, iron, trim, sew, and cut out for them, in a most remark- 
able way ; and when she had done her very best, tliey scolded 
her for her trouble. But when the day of the ball really came, 
then was indeed a tims of hurry-skurry, and hurly-burly. 
263 



^1^ -si-.ts*-. -n.-e "*" iiHir i^ ^s^tt-j- -vs*- lult Vie i**- iiM 
-~i^ smiii .-;  -wTiiL jE^ nj IE ST sill, zc & umiiiw 3*^ "^^ 

iratliC it ~Tnf. It. ^Ijitt-  mi-it m -r il OTISft ~1W flif SagCN 

^\s:'' - 'c^ * ^? ; i'^ ** ^aay i t-T,' ^ ijir* trde {OBoe rf wt 



for Cinderella to employ her till they came back, I verily 
believe that poor girl got no dinner at all that day. But these 
sisters irere not the only selfish people who only thought of 
their own pleasure that day. As Cinderella was fastening the 
dress of one of ber sisters, the other, who sat by, said :  " Fray 
Cinderella, would you not like to go to the ball?" "Nay," 
replied Cinderella, "you are only mocking me. It is not for 
sach as I to go to parties and balls." "Very true," said the 
ill-natured girl, "people would stare, I daresay, to see a 
Cinderella dancing at a ball." This was all the return Cin- 
derella got for her toil since six o'clock in the morning. 
265 



ETerytUng must come to an end ; and so did the nnpleaaant 
task of dressing the proud sisters. They drove off in a fine car- 
riage, irith a coachman and two footmen in handsome liveries ; 
and Cinderella was left to retire to her dark dismal kitchen. 

For some time she stood sorrowfully in a comer, thinking a 
great deal about her sister's uukindness, and a little aboat the 
gay moTy ball, to which she would gladly have gone. The more 
she thought about it, the more sorrowAil and sad she became ; 
at length she sat down in a comer and fairly began to ciy. 
How long she sat thus she did not know ; bat she a 
266 



to haye sobbed herself into a doze ; and when she woke up, ehe 
saw before her a beautiful lady, standing on a small cloudj with a 
wand in ber band. " My dear Cinderella," said this lady, "I am 
your god-mother." Cinderella wondered at this, because she had 
never seen the lady before. " I do not lite to see you so un- 
happy ; tell me what you are crying about." Cinderella could 
only Bob out  "Because those great girls are very unkind to 
me J and because I want  I want  " " You want to go to the 
ball, Cinderella; is not that the truth? Well, be a good ^1 
and I will send you. But first of all we mtist get you a coadt 
and horses to take you there, and proper clothes to go io. 
Go into the garden and fetch me a pumpkin." 

Cinderella was very much surprised at this request; but the 

lady, who looked like what she was  a fairy  seemed bo com- 

pletely, in earnest, that the girl at once did as she was toUL 

267 



And as she carried the ptunpkin in, through the garden, she 
really thought in shape it was not so very much unlike the 
lord mayor's coach. The fairy cat a hole in the pumpkin and 
scooped it ont, leaving only the rind. Then she touched it once 
with her wand, and it stood there like the heantiM carriage 
you see in the picture. 

Cinderella stood gazing in surprise at the beautifid ' coach ; 
but her godmother did not let her wonder long. " What shall 
we do for horses, my dear?" sud she. " Just go and bring me 
the large mouse-trap out of the pantry." 

Cinderella went for the trap. There were six little mice in it 
poking their little noses up against the bars, and trying to get 
oat. At her godmother's desire, Cinderella lifted up the door 
of the trap very gently, so that the mice might come, hopping 
out one by one. As they did bo, the uiy touched each of them 



vith her iraud, and tnmed them into handsome coach horses, 
irith arching necks and long tails, and splendid harness all plated 
with gold I  look at them. 

" Well, my dear child," said the fury, " here are a carriage 
and horses, at least as handsome as those of your sisterB ; hut 
now we want a coachman and a po3tiUion. Go and see if there 
are no rats in the rat-trap." 

Off tripped Cinderella, and soon returned in triumph, hearing 
the rat-trap in her hand. There were two rats in it ; one a big 
rat with a fine heard, and the other a dapper fellow with a s^' 
269 



waist and a short body. The fairy touched these two rats with, 
her wand; and the little one was transformed into a herald^ 
to walk at the horses heads with a trumpet in his hand to give 
notice of their approach ; while the big one appeared aa a hand- 
some coachman, with pointed beard, moatachoes to match, and a 
^lendid state livery embroidered with gtdd. Footmen were now 
required to complete the equipage, and Cinderella was directed by 
the faiiy to bring in six lizards which she would find behind 
the garden watering-pot. The lizards were brought, and by the 
'- "-Hof the wonderful wand the four lai^est were changed into 
270 



ttill fbotmen, with goi^eons liveries to match the coachman's ; the 
two smaller lizards became pages to walk beside the carriage 
doors ; aod the whole of them sprang at once into their respective 
positions with the agility of practical servants. 

" Well, Cinderella," said her god-mother, " are you not pleased 
with your equipage for appearing at the ball? " 
271 



" Yes, indeed," replied Cinderella ; " but  " and she glanced 
down at the Bh&bl>y dress she had on at the time. Her god< 
mother nnderstood her meaning. " You do not think toq cau 
go in those clothes, my dear ?  neither shall you," said the feiry. 
Once more the wand came into play; in an instant Cinderellm's 
shabby attire had changed to a beaatilul dress of gold brocade, 
with predoQS stones here and there. To crown all, the god- 
mother produced a pair of beautiful slippers of spun glass, that 
glittered like diamonds, and gare them to Cinderella to put on. 

" Now," said the fairy to Cinderella, as she stood admiring her 
costly attire and equipage in an ecstacy of deUght ; " I have an 
injunction to lay upon you. You must be back here by twelve 
o'clock at night ; for if you remain beyond that - hour at the ball 
your coach will return to the form of a pumpkin, your coachman 
272 



1)6001116 a rat, your horses mice, your footmen and pages lizards, 
and your beautifiil dress vanisii away," 

Cinderella promiaed punctually to obey her god-mother's direc- 
tions. Who would not have promised in sacli a case ? The foot- 
men handed her into the coach, the coachman snapped his whip, 
and off they drove in grand style. 

There was no small stir at the palace when the splendid car- 
riage drove up; and great indeed was the interest displayed when 
Cinderella alighted. The news was quickly carried to the prince, 
273 



CINDERELLA. 

that a beantifiil princess (for sach her equipage appeared to pro- 
claim her)^ had arrived. The prince went out to receiTC her, and 
conducted her into the ball-room. The eyes of all present were 
at once fixed on Cinderella ; the prince leading her out to dance 
with him, displayed her beauty to the admiration of all, which 
was much increased by the grace and dignity of her carriage. 
In fact, she made an impression on all present; but far the deepest 
on the young prince. 

A magnificent supper was served, furnished by Gunn-Turr 
and Swi-Ye, two celebrated cooks of the period; and at the 
supper Cinderella was seated next her sisters and conversed with 
them. The condescension of the beautiful stranger was highly 
pleasing and flattering to the vanity of the sisters, and they par* 
took of the fruits she profiered them with a relish which would 
have been somewhat embittered had they known the truth. 

The warning voice of the clock told eleven and three-quarters 
when Cinderella, mindful of her god-mother's injunction, arose, 
and with a graceful curtsey hastened to her carriage. The prince 
hurried after her, begged of her to renew her visit on the follow- 
ing evening, saw her to her carriage, and returned to the com- 
pany very dull and evidently disinclined to prolong the festivities. 
Cinderella arrived home in time to receive the approval of her 
god-mother and a promise from her of further support; but a 
loud rap at the door announced the arrival of the sisters, and 
assuming the appearance of having been awakened out of a sound 
sleep, she hastened to admit them. The sisters had no sooner 
mtered the house than they commenced an animated conversation 

274 



on the Bubject of the risit of the "beautiful priucess" to the 
palace ; they were so pleased aud elated with the evident prefer- 
ence she had shown for their company, that having no other 
listCDers at the time, their vanity compelled them to make a con- 
fidant of the neglected Cinderella. To her they enlarged upon 
the beauty, affabilty, and evident vrealth of the unknown princess, 
and triumphantly displayed some of the fruit they had received 
from her hands, which they had preserved in remembrance of 
the great occasion. 

On their informing Cinderella that the princess was expected 

again on the following evening, the sly puss ventured very 

humbly to solicit her proud sisters for the loan of a cast-ofi* drew 

275 



to enable her to satisfy the curiosity they had excited in reference 
to the beantifal stranger, hy accompanying them to the palace on 
the fiillowing evening. " A dress, indeed ! " was the rude reply^ 
"yoa had better mind your pots and pans. Miss Cinderella, aud 
leave balls and parties to your betters." The meekness irith 
vhich Cinderella bore this stem rebuke was remarkable. 



The next eTening the two Bisters vent again to the hallj and 
Cinderella appeared there shortly afterwards, dressed even more 
splendidly than on the first night, The prince had been 
watching for her ever since the first carriage drew up. He 
never left her aide the ivhole of the evening; wotdd dance with 
no one else; and paid her auch compliments, that Cinderella's 
cheeks flushed, and she hardly dared lift her eyes from the 
ground. Not that she felt unhappy, eitler; oh no ! 

But what with the dancing, the lights, the supper, and the 
prince's attentious, she foi^t her god-mother's injunction 
about being home at twelve o'clock. The evening alipped 
away aa if Time indeed had wings ; and greatly surprised was 
Cinderella, when the first stroke of twelve rang upon her ear. 
Up she atartcd ; and never waiting even to cnrtsey to the guests, 
277 



the ran from the boU-room as fast as she could. And it vas 
well bLc did bo, for with the last stroke of twelve, the beautifiil 
dress of gold brocade fell from her, and she found herself clad 
once more in her old dingy working dress. The prince pursued 
her, but she was too quick for him; only as she left the ball- 
room, one of her little glass slippers fell ofi',..and the prince 
snatched it up and kept it as a great treasure. Cinderella ran 
home, and reached her house panting and breathless, in very 
diflcrcnt style to the state in which she had left the first ball. 

The prince questioned the sentinels at the gates as to whether 
they had seen a beautiful princess hurrying out just as the dock 
struck twelve. The men replied, that the only person who had 
come away at that time was a dingy little girl, who looked more 
like a cinder-sitter than a princess. 
278 



Cinderella bad a yery short tune to wait before her sisters 
arrived from the party j for the hall broke up early because the 
prince was dull and vexed. She agun met her sisters, rubbing 
her eyes with a weary yawn. She asked them how they were 
entertained, and whether the beautiful princess was there again. 
"Yes," they replied; and added, that at twelve o'clock she had 
suddenly started up and left the ball-room ; whereupon the prince 
had seemed to lose all pleaanre in the party, and everything 
flagged, until at last the guests took their leave. 

The prince dreamt all night of his beautiful partner, and rose 
the next morning thinking of her. He seemed to lose his taste 
for all the sports and amusements in which he had delighted, 
and astonished and grieved the old king, his father, by refusing 
to play at cricket, and declining to partake of apple-pie at dinner. 
270 



All Abj long he lay stretched on a sofa, thinkiiig of the fitir 
princesa; and when he returned to his pillow at night, it wu 
only to dream of her again. He would have advertised for her 
in the Dewepapere, hut cotild not, hecause newspapers were not 
yet iuTented. He had reaUy no way of finding out who she was 
or where she lived, for ehe bad not shown her card of invitation 
at the door ; indeed, no one had thought of asking her for it, her 
equipage was so splendid. At last a bright idea struck bim, 
and he thought he had hit upon a plan. It was this:  

A berald was ordered to ride through the city and to proclaim, 
by sound of trumpet  
"That the Kino's son wouLn marry ant lady who should 

BE rOUND ABLE TO WEAR THE OLABS SLIFPBB WHICH HAS 
BEEN DBOFPED AT THE LATE BALL." 

He had noticed that his unknown had a pretty little foot ; and 
e course thought that if he only got the length of her foot 
280 



lie could soon make matters right vitli the fair one. So the 
herald went round the city, and made the announcement in due 
form. 

Many a lady tried to make the slipper fit her, but in vain ; for 
you see it was of glass, and would not bend like an elastic over- 
shoe; first one lady and then another tried in vain, hut they 
were all obliged to dismiss the herald, and renounce their 
hopes of obtuning the prince's hand. 

Among others, Cinderella's sisters endeavoured to wear the 

slipper ; but it was too short for them: The one who managed 

281 



to get her toe in found her heel stuck out ; and the one who oould 
get her heel in found it too narrow at the toe. So at last they 
had to give it up. Then Cinderella came forward, and modestly 
inquired if she might be permitted to try on the shpper. Her 
sisters received her request with a shout of laughter; but the 
herald looked gravely at her sweet face, and said his orders were 
to let AMY ONE WHO LIKED try ou the slipper ; bo he made Cin- 
derella sit down, while the sisters looked on with an ugly sneer. 
In a moment it was slipped on I The little shoe sat on Cin- 
derella's little foot as if it were a skin of glass ; and the slaters 
looked on speechless with amazement I But how much was their 
282 



CINDERELLA. 

wonder increased^ when CindereUa quietly put her hand in her 
pocket and drew forth the other slipper which she had carried 
about with her ever since the famous night of the ball I 

Now, at last, the sister3 began to see in Cinderella^s face 
some resemblance to the beautiful and condescending lady whose 
notice they were so proud and happy to attract at the ball; but 
iheir wonder was not to end here ; the fairy god-mother entered 
the room unperceived, touched Cinderella with her wand^ and the 
humble maiden was transformed into the beautiful princess in 
the gorgeous dress, who had excited so much admiration and 
envy at the state ball. 

It was now quite plain that Cinderella was, by some mysterious 
agency, the beautiAil princess whom the prince had fallen in love 
with at the ball; and the herald returned joyfully to the palace 
to announce his success to the prince. 

You may well imagine the sudden revulsion of feeling which 
took place in the breasts of the hitherto proud and arrogant 
sisters. Amazement, which for a few moments held their senses 
in suspense, gave way to remorse, humiliation, and imayailing 
regret. To say that they truly repented their past conduct at 
that eventful moment, would be to endow their stubborn and 
haughty natures with a redeeming virtue they did not possess ; 
their vanity had received a blow, and their arrogance a rebuke, 
which completely humiliated them, and they were about to retire 
rom their injured step-sister's presence, covered with a confusion 
which effectually checked the weU-tumed but hollow excuses and 
compliments they would fain have uttered; but Cindeiellp 

283 



detained them, and told them to foi^ the past as readily and 
willingly as she would ; she also assured them that prosperity . 
would nerer make her forget the ties of relationship which 
hound them together, and begged of them to command any 
interest she might possess in furthering their future wedftre 
and happiness. This last unhoped for and noble act made the 



first and deepest impression their wordl^ natures ever received, 
and for once in their lives a grateful and sincere tear dimned 
their eyes. 

A royal escort soon arrived to take Cinderella to the palace, 
and great was the joy of the prince to behold her again. To 
him Cinderella appeared more beauteous than ever. That no 
chance should again separate them, he at once offered her his ' 
hand in marriage, with the prospect of being queen when he 
should succeed to the throne ; which, judging &om the very 
advanced age and failing health of the old king, promised to 
be at no very distant date. 

Cinderella consented to become his vife ; and their marriage 
was celebrated with a degree of regal pomp and splendour that 
fbmished the chroniclem of the x>eriod with ample materials to 



fill the page of liistor^. It is worthy of mention that a dowry 
proportioned to her station was presented her on the day of 
her marriage by her kind god-mother. And that nothing might 
be fonnd wanting npon the happy occasion, the renowned Gmm- 
Tmr, of whom we have before made honorable mention in this 
history, was commissioned to provide a manmioth wedding-cake ; 
whilst his no leas celebrated and talented friend Swy-ye, was 
entrusted with the responsible and important task of preparing 
an entertainment worthy the event. It is but just to add, that 
those great men performed their tasks in such a manner, thkt 
they added fresh lam-els to their already o'er-crowded brows. 

Cinderella, we need scarcely add, more than fulfilled her pro- 
mise to her sisters. A place of honor was assigned them at 
redding banquet ; they were, through the liberality of Cin- 
286 



CINDERELLA. 

derdla, enabled to eclipse the whole of the guests by the rich- 
nesa of their attire. At the conclusion of the festivities, the two 
sist^v, in a fit of gratified vanity or repentance (I am inclined 
to think it was the former), fell upon their knees before Cinder- 
ella and poured forth a flood of thanks mixed with hopes that she 
would do still more for them. She did more. In less than a 
month, she found them both husbands in the shape of two proud 
but poor lords who wanted wives and  money. 

Aa for Cinderella herself  ^need I say she lived happily. Not 
only had she every thing she wished for in the way of worldly riches 
and glory, but she had what was better still  a good husband to 
protect her and friends who loved her. And any of my little lady 
readers, who are as amiable as Cinderella, will be sure to get kind 
friends to love them, even though they may not marry princes, 
or have fairy god-mothers and ])iimpkin coaches I 



NOTE. 

This popular Btory has been reproduced in Beveral European 
languages. The French Cendrillon, comes nearest to the English 
version. In the German Aschenhrodel^ as published in Grimm's and 
Bechstein's collections, the main incidents are preserved; but the 
end of the story is less satisfiEUstory than in our "Rnglish tale the 
jealous sisters being smitten with blindness  a piece of retribution 
very judiciously omitted in the English version. In Mr. Thorpe*8 
charming collection of "Yuletide Stories," we have a version of 
Cinderella,' current in Sweden among the Swaland peasants, and 
celebrated among them as a very old story. It seems indeed strange 
OS Mr. Thorpe observes, that these fairy tales should exist, in almost 
the same form, among nations who had little or no communication 
Avith each other. 



BEAUTY AND THE BEAST. 



I 



BEATJTY AND THE BEAST. 

In a large city of the East, there once lived a very rich 
merchant. He had a splendid hooee and large varehouses full 
of costly goods; and a hundred guests bowed themBelves before 
him, and sat down at his table every day. As his wealth in- 
creased, so did the number of his firiends; and at last it was 
difficult to tell which was the greater  ^the wealth of the mer- 
chant, or the amount of praise and flattery bestowed upon him. 

The merchant's family consisted of tlu-ee sons and three 
daughters. The sons were tall, well-grown, young men, with 
honest hearts and open countenances, and the daughters were 
all handsome, dark-eyed ladies. But, as it frequently happens, 
the chief gifts of loveliness and grace had been bestowed upon 
the youD^cst of them all; and so bright and happy was her 
291 



BEAUTY AND THB BEAST. 

facc^ and so winning were all her ways, that, as a child, she 
had been called the '' Little Beauty ;" and the name still its 
mained when she was a tall grown-np girl. 

Happy indeed was it for the merchant that he loTcd his sons 
and daughters better than his wealth; for he little thought, as 
he sat at the head of his plentiful table, with his smiling guests 
around him, that a terrible misfortune had happened, and that 
he was, in tayct, no better than a ruined man. One of his 
largest ships, with a very costly cargo, was miserably wrecked 
on the high seas, and only two of the sailors were saved, after 
clinging for days to the fragment of a mast. Another equally 
valuable vessel was taken by pirates; and a third fell into the 
hands of the enemy's fleet. By land he was equally unfortu- 
nate; his largest warehouse was burnt, and the Bedouins 
attacked and plundered a caravan conveying his goods across the 
desert. So, within a few months, he sank from the 'height of 
wealth and honour to the depths of poverty and want. 

Very different from the splendid mansion they inhabited in 
the days of their prosperity, was the little quiet country house 
to which the merchant and his family removed when the mis- 
fortunes he had met with by sea and land left him a ruined 
and broken man. All the accessories of wealth had disappeared. 
There were no extensive pleasure grounds, no fountains, groves 
of trees, or ornamental waters. The once wealthy merchant 
whose capital had furnished the means of employing hundreds 
of servants, was now reduced to labour with his sons in the 
^tivation of their little garden, for on its produce they mainly 

292 



depended for their means of Bubaistence. Hard as their lot 
appeared, the three sons manfully met the reverse of fortune 
which had befallen them, and both by word and deed they did 
aB in their power to reconcile all the members of thQ tamHj 
to their sudden chaDge of position. 



BEADTY AND THE BEAST. 

But with the daughters it was 
far different; and here was seen 
the benefit and advantage derived 
&om habits of industry. The 
two elder sisters were always fret- 
ting about their losses, and their 
discontent rendered every priva- 
tion doubly hard for themselves, 
and embittered the lot of the 
merchant and his sons. They 
could not enjoy the plain fiu% 
the others ate with so much 
relish. They rose late, and spent 
the day in bewailing their hard 
lot ; and it is a remarkable thing 
bow much people find to bemoan 
themselves for, when once they 
begin to compkiu. The two 
sisters would sit down, one with 
her head in the other's lap cry- 
ing and sobbing J whilst Beauty, 
the younger Bister, would be fnlly 
em^oyed spinning, or seeing to 
the household affairs ; and always 
had a smile for her father when 
he came home wearied from his ' 
work. Vou may depend upon it there is nothing like industry. 



BBAVTY AND THE BEAST. 

Labour is the proper lot of 
man; and whether it be work 
in the fields, or work in the 
counting-house, or in the study, 
it will always bring pleasure to 
the workman, if it be but well 
and zealously done. 

The merchant and his sous 
worked hard, morning, noon, and 
night ; and they were so hungry 
every day when they came home 
to dinner, that they ate their 
frugal meal with keen appetites  
and BO tired were they when th^ 
came home firom labour at night, 
that they slept soundly and 
peacefully till morning ; whereas, 
during the time of the merchant's 
prosperity, he had often been 
kept awake at night by anxious 
thoughts for the safety of his 
ships, his warehouses, and his 
atores of gold and silver. This 
thought often entered the mer. 
chanfs mind  and a feeling of 
gratitude for the comforts he still 
possessed  brought him as near contentment tut possible. 



Homble u their present residence certainly was, a person, vn- 
acquunted with their historyj would never hare imagined that the 
contented-looking toilers in the small garden were persons who 
had held a lugh position in society. But the merchant was a 
man who had poreued a strictly honest and honoarable cotine 
in all his dealings ; no stain had been cast npon his character 
by his loss of fortnnej and having nothing upon hia mind con- 
nected with the past to awaken r^ret or remorse, he regarded his 
present poration as one still capable of affording happiness. 

But a change came upon their quiet life. One day a messenger 
came to the merchant's gate with a most important letter. It 
contained great news. A ship, long given op as wrecked and lost, 
had safely anchored in a distant port; and the merchant was 
desired to go and take possession without losing a day. 

You may fancy what a stir this made in tie little household. 

The merchant's sons looked hopeful, and the two sisters were 

29S 



BBAUTT AND THE BEAST. 

radiant with smiles. They quite gave up their cheerful practice 
of crying in each other's arms^ and were fuU of plans and projects 
for the future. Beauty was glad too; but she smiled because she 
loved to see her father look happy. The merchant was happy and 
pleased at the prospect of regaining a portion of his wealth foi 
his children's sake ; and he had a hundred projects for giving his 
daughters pleasure by the pretty presents he should bring them 
on his return. 

Before he started, he asked each of them in turn what present 
he should bring her home with him when he had received the 
money for his cargo. I am sorry to say, the two sisters had quite 
counted on being asked this question, and were ready with a long 
list of things they wanted, chiefly fine dresses and jewels ; and 
their requests somewhat astonished the merchant, who promised, 
however, they should have what they wanted. Beauty had not 
been thinking about herself all this while, and did not know what 
to reply, as she had no wish for anything in particular; so, in 
order not to disappoint her father's kind intention, she begged 
him to bring her a full-blown rose, as there were none in their 
garden. The elder sisters laughed at Beauty in secret for what 
they called her stupid choice; but they did not dare to show 
their spite openly for fear of their brothers. So the merchant 
rode off on a horse he had borrowed from a Mend, and the daugh- 
ters stood at the door waving their handkerchiefs and crying 
" Good-bye ! " But it was Beauty who got the last kiss. 

The merchant's journey was not so prosperous as he had hoped. 
The cargo, indeed, had been saved, and the ship was safe in port ; 

297 



bat a law suit had been commenced, and tbere was 80 mach to 
pay that the merchant set oat for home not much richer than 
be had left it. And it was on his return that he met with the 
following tremendooB adventure. 



He WBs riding thiougli a thick wood. Night had fallen, and 
he had tost his vay, though he fancied he could not be very 
far rom home. His veaiy horse still carried him gallantly on, 
and he looked anxiously round for any building where he could 
find shelter until the next morning; for the rain was beating 
down upon him, and the wolves howled in the dreary ilftrknff" 
acouud. 

290 



All at once he saw a Uglit glimmering through the trees. It 
proved to be a lamp, himg up in the entrance hall of a largb 
castle. "Welcome, weakt tiuvellekI" was written up io 
Eastern characters over the gate. The merchant rode into the 
conrt-jrard ; and an inner door opening of itself, showed him the 
wa; to a lai^ stable with every convenience for fifty horses, 
but quite empty. The merchant put up bis horse, and fed bira ; 
cjid then went to try and find some one in the castle. There 
was a lai^e vestibule with a fountain in the middle; here he sat 
fjid washed his feet. Then he went through n.any large apart- 
Dcots, all splendidly furnished. There was no one in them; 



not even a Bervant to take care of the hoose. Bat there vaa a 
very handaome supper laid out in one of the rooms; and the 
hongry merchant sat down, and after waiting for some tim& 
for the host to appear, made a hearty meal, all alone by himself, 
and drank his own health afterwards. 

In the upper floor were sereral bed rooms, with large beda 
and handsome wardrobes. In one of these beds the merchant 
went Cast asleep, and never woke tiH half-past six the next 
mining. He felt quite refireshed after his nights' rest, and 
walked out into the garden in hopes of meeting the owner of 
the castle. Grerything here was in first-rate order. The 
301 



flower beds were full of beautiful plants, uid the walks clean and 
hard, and the grass plats soft and smooth as a velvet carpet. 
In one bed stood a splendid rose tree in full bloom. This set 
the merchant thinking of his daughter Seanty's wish for a red 
rose; and he selected a very fine one, and plucked it. But the 
moment after he bad done so he heard a tremendous roar, and 
a heavy band was laid on his shoulder; he turned and saw a 
monster with the shape of an imwieldy man, and a beasf s head. 
The creature seized him, and swung a great sword in a threaten* 
ing manner, crying :  " Ungrateful man !  how dare you requite 
'ny kindness by stealing the only thing I prize, my beautiful 



BEAUTY AND THE BEAST. 

roses  ^Now you shall die!" The merchant in utter terror, 
begged hard for forgiveness, calling the Beast ^'my lord/' and 
declaring that he meant no harm, but had only plucked the rose 
for his youngest daughter whom he loved, and who had wished 
for one. ^'I will spare your life on one condition,^^ replied the 
Beast. " You must go home, and bring your daughter here in 
your stead. If she refusea to come, you must promise faithfully 
to be back yourself within three months ; and douH call me ^ my 
lord,^ for I hate flattery, and. I am not a lord but a Beast I (which 
was true enough). So promise, or die I and choose quickly V 

The merchant, with a heavy heart, consented to the Beast's 
conditions, and turned sorrowfully away. ''Go to the room 
you slept in,^^ cried the Beast after him, '' you may fill a chest 
you wiU find there with anything you like, and carry it with 
you." The merchant accordingly filled the chest with gold 
pieces, .and sorrowfully departed. When he reached his own 
house, his daughters came crowding round to welcome him, and 
were struck with the settled melancholy in his face. In silence 
he gave the elder sisters the presents he had brought for them, 
and then sat down disconsolately on the ground. The two 
sisters sat examining their presents, but Beauty went to her 
father, and threw her arms round his neck to comfort him. 

Ah my dear Beauty, here is your red rose,^' said the merchant 

but you little know the price your poor father has promised 
to pay for it.'' And he told her every thing just as it had 
occurred. 

The elder sisters came up to listen; and of course began to 

803 



ft 

f 



throw all the blame oa poor Beauty. " If the affected little 
thing had only asked for presents Uke ours," they decUred, 
" there would have been no such trouble as thia, and our &ther 
would not be in danger of his life." " He is not in danger now," 
answered Beauty quietly, " for I will go to the Beaat and bear the 
paniBhment of death in his stead." The brothers oBered to go, 
and b^ged hard ; but the merchant knew that the Beaat would 
not be pot off, and that he would be satisfied with no one but 
Beauty, or one of her sisters. He had also secret hopes that 
lier life would be spared ; for the Beast's geneiosi^ had made 
him think that, after all, the monster would not like to laciifioe 
the life of a young and innocent a creature. 



I regret to &a.j tliat the Bisteis secretly exulted at Beauty's 
apparently sad fttej but the brothers were really and truly 
grieved, and kissed their siRter heartily, before she set out with 
her father on their sorrowful journey. 

The domain around the Beast's castle was exceedingly beautifiiL 

Birds with splendid plumage flew about, and sang merry songB 

805 



as they built their nests in the thick trees. In spite of the 
sorrowful nature of their errand, the tiro traTellers could not 
help feeling a little comforted by the heauty of the scene around 
them, and the nearer they came to the Beasf b palace, the fresh^ 
became the verdure, and the thicker the throng of chiiping 
birds. 

lu due time they reached the palace, which they found deserted, 
as on the merchant's first visit. But in the spacious reception 
hall a magnificent supper was laid, with covers for two penons. 
They sat down to table, but Beauty could hardly eat a bit for 
terror, while her &ther was overwhelmed with grief, and sighed 
deeply at each mouthful he took. When supper was over, a. 
heavy tread was beard sounding along the corridor ; and the door 
of the room was roughly opened, and the Beast came stalking 
806 



BEAUTY AND THE BEAST. 

in. And^ Oh ! he was far  far, uglier than Beauty imagined he 
could possibly be ! And he had such a mouth I like an ourang 
outang's only not so well shaped. She turned pale at the sight 
of him as he turned towards her and asked, '' If she had come 
to him of her own free wiU/' she faltered out  "Yes Beast/' 
and the monster, observed in a softened tone  "Beauty, I am 
much obliged to you." 

This mild behaviour on the part of the proprietor somewhat 
raised the hopes of the merchant, but they were instantly damped 
by the Beasfa turning towards him, and gruffly commanding 
him to quit the castle and never return again under pain of death. 
Having given this order in a tone which showed he intended 
to be obeyed, the Beast retired, with a bow and a good night 
to Beauty, and a glance at her f&ther which seemed to say  
" Make haste oflF." 

The merchant departed, after kissing his daughter a hundred 
times, and weeping bitterly; while she, poor girl, tried to raise 
his spirits by feigning a courage she did not feel. When he 
was gone she took a candlestick and wandered along the corridor 
in search of her room ; she soon came to a door on which was 
inscribed in large letters  " Beauty's Apartment." This proved 
to be a large room, elegantly furnished with book-cases, sofas, 
and pictures ; and a guitar and other musical instruments himg 
against the wall. Beauty retired to rest; and exhausted with 
her journey and her grief, she quickly fell asleep. 

Next morning she examined her apartment more closely. 
On the first leaf of an album was written her own name:  

307 



"Beactt;" and immediately beneath it stood, in letters of the 
fioest gold, the following verse :  

" Beauteous lady  dry your tears. 
Here's no cause for sighs or fears : 
Command as &eely as you may, 
Compliance still attends your way." 

Ah I thought the poor girl  if I might have a wish gnmted 
it vould be to see how my poor father is. She turned as she 
said it ; and in a mirror opposite, to her great surprise, she sair  
picture of her home, as in a dissolving view. The merchant 
was lying on a couch distracted with giief; and Beauty's two 
sisters were at the window, one of them sitting on a stool looking 
listlessly out, and the other standing by assisting her. At this 

\ sight poor Beauty sat down on the floor and wept bitterly, 
SOS 



bat after a time sbe regained her fortitude, and proceeded into 
the spacious dining rcooij There she found a repast prepared 
for her as on the preceding day. The Beast too came in, and 
teqnested permission " to stay and see her eat." Beanty replied 
"yes," and all the while she was making her repast the Beast 
sat by, looking at her with eyes of great admiration. He soon 
began to talk, and astonished the young lady by the extent of 
bis information on Tarious subjects. At last he asked her sud- 
denly " if she really thought him so very  very ugly." 

Beauty was obliged to reply  " Yes, shockingly ugly I " but 

added  " that be could not help his looks." This reflection did 

809 



iiot seem to console tne poor beast much, for he siglied cJccjiIt. 
After Bitting for a little time in silence, he seemed to collect all 
his courage for one grand effort, and asked Beauty  to that lady's 
great astonishment  " If she woiild marry bim." She, at onee, 
replied, " No, Beast 1 " in a very decided way ; whereupon her 
suitor gave a great eigh which nearly blew out the candles, and 
retired, looking very doleful. 

For some little time Beauty's life was a very quiet one. She 
roamed about the palace, and through the gardens, just as she 
pleased, and invisible attendants brought her what she wanted. 
Every evening the Beast would come to supper, and tiy to enter- 
tain her as best he might; and he was so well-informed, and 
talked so sensibly, that Beauty began to like him very much. 
Still his hideous form shocked her each time she looked at him ; 
810 



BEAUTY AND THE BEAST. 

and whenever her host^ after exerting himself to be agreeable 
all the evening, repeated his qnestion, '' Beauty, will you marry 
me ? '' she always replied, '* No, Beast/' 

But soon Beauty began to be home-sick; the more so, as her 
glass, which she never failed to consult each day, showed her 
that the merchant, her father, was pining for her very much. 
His sons had gone to fight in their country's battles, and his 
two eldest daughters had got married and were employed with 
their husbands in domestic quarrels; so you see it was rather 
dull for the merchant. Therefore Beauty begged the Beast to let 
her go home and see her father. He was rather alarmed at the 
proposal, deeming it not impossible that she might forget to come 
back again; so he exacted a promise from her, that she would 
only stay away a week, and then return. " To-morrow morning," 
said the Beast, ''you will find yourself at your father's house. 
But pray  ^pray  do not foiget me in my loneliness. If you want 
to come back at any time, you have only to lay the ring I here 
give you, on your dressing table, before you lie down on your bed 
at night.'' Beauty took the ring, and the Beast bade her a 
sorrowful farewell. 

Beauty retired to rest; and when she awoke in the momi.:g, 
she found herself in her old bed at her father's. By the bed side 
lay a large chest fiill of beautiful apparel and sets of jewels. 

You may fancy how glad her father was to see her. But the 
envious sisters, who were there on a visit, were not at all pleased 
at her return. One of these ladies had a scratch on her face, and 
the other three large bruises on her arm; both arising out of 

811 



differences they had had with their hnsbanda. They at firs 
declared that the box with the presents had been intended by the 
Beast for them ; whereupon the box at once disappeared, as a gentle 
hint that they were nuBtaken. 

On the failure of this selfish scheme, they resolved, as they 
termed it, "to serve out that conceited Beauty," by making her 
overstay her time ; and they hoped the Beast might be very angry 
and receive her accordingly. The days passed happily away ; and 
the sisters behaved with such hypocritical kindnesss that Beauty 
was prevuled upon to stay  first one week, and then two weeks 
longer than she had intended. 

But what was the Beast doing all this time? He was very 
812 



lonely ia his castle, waiting Taioly for the return of Ids beloved 
fieanty ; and every evening, at sunset, he vould lie dovn on the 
grass in his garden, thinking of her till his very head ached with 
longing to see her again. 

One evening, however, as she sat with her father at their even- 
ing meal, a likeness of the Beast stood before her^ like a figure in 
a magic lantern. He was very pale, and looked dreadfully thin 
and dejected ; his countenance, which wan turned towards Beanty, 
were a look of reproach. This cut her to the heart, and without 
saying anything to any one she laid the ring on the table when 
she went to bed. 

When she awoke she was in the Beasfs palace j but no Beast 
appeared to welcome her. Honr after hour went by, and at last 
she became dreadfully alanned. She ran into the garden calling 
his name, and at length found the poor Beast stretched oat on a 
gross plat, to all appearance dead. His eyes were closed, and 
he did not seem even to breath. 

818 



Beauty bad never known till now bow fond sbe was of the poor 
Beast, but when tbe prospect of losing bim came before her, she 
felt dreadfully grieved. She tried every effort to bring the Beast 
back to life, but for a long time her efforts were fruitless. She 
knelt beside him and moistened his temples with water. She 
called him by every endearing name she could think of, and 
at last, in very despair, she fetched the watering pot and emptied 
it over his prostrate form. Then, at length, he opened his eyes, 
a gleam of joy shot over his countenance though he looked rather 
TDounifully, and said  " Have you come back at last Beauty ? 
I have been waiting very long for you, and despaired of ever 
81i 



sueiug you again. But now I have looked on ;ou once more^ I 
can die in quiet." 

Beauty was fairly overcome by bo much gentleneas and kind- 
ness. " No ! no I " she cried, " my own dear Beast, you shall 
jiot die. You have been very kind to me  much kinder than I 
deserve  and you are so good that I do not caire for your looks j 
816 



Ka& indeed indeed  I  I will be your wife ! " And she flonj; 
her anna ronnd the Beast's neck, and kissed his great hairy 
cheek. 

There was a great crash heard. The castle was illominated 
in an instant, from basement to roof, with hundreds of beantifal 
lights, like London on the queen's birtb-dsj; sweet sounds of 
music filled the air in every direction. For a moment or two 
Beauty stood bewildered with amazement at the sudden and 
splendid change of scene around her, but a gentle and grateful 
816 



BIAUTT AND THE BEAST. 

pressure of her hand recalled her to herself, and she beheld, with 
astonishment, that the Beast had been transformed into a graceful 
and handsome young prince, who was gazing upon her with a 
look of mingled love and admiration. 

Beauty gazed around her with admiration. The twinkling 
lights, sweet music, and general joyfulness in everything around, 
surprised her. Now, for the first time, she began to understand 
the deeper meaning in the Beast^s words, when he had asked 
her if she would marry him. Now she could understand his 
wish to have her in his castle; his care of her comfort; his 
evident desire to make himself agreeable and pleasing to her, 
so that she might forget the ugliness of his person in her respect 
and gratitude for his kindness ; and lastly, she could imderstand 
the Beast's despair when she talked of leaving him, and his 
ardent desire for her return. All this flashed suddenly upon 
Beauty, as she stood with the handsome young prince gazing 
upon her. She could scarcely recover breath enough to falter 
out a question concerning the meaning of all this. 

The prince answered her with eyes beaming with gratitude and 
afiection. " It was enchantment, dear Beauty,^' he cried. " A 
wicked fairy had laid me under a spell, and transformed me into 
the shape of a hideous beast ; to retain it until a beautiful girl 
should consent, of her own free will, to marry me. You have 
done so ; your goodness of heart and your gratitude made you 
overlook my defects of form and feature; and in consenting to 
become the Beast's wife you have restored an unfortunate prince 
to his own shape and to happiness.'' 

317 



BEAUTY AND THE BEAST. 

They were married in a few days, , and of course the merehant 
was present at the ceremony, as joyful now at the good fortnoe 
which had befaUen his daughter as he had been sorrowful on the 
dreary evening when he left her alone in the power of the Beast 
You will perhaps be surprised to hear that the two sisters were 
present, after their behaviour to Beauty  ^but Beauty was &r 
too good and kind a girl to remember how shabbily they bad 
treated her  and she gave them the best welcome she ccuU. 
though they made themselves anything but agreeable I can assnit 
you ; for it is a wonderful thing, that the more you do to please 
envious people, whether grown up or children, the less they will 
thank you for it. But it does not follow that we should retun 
evil for evil, notwithstanding I The brave brothers came too, 
and danced with the prettiest girls among the guests; and 
both looked and felt far happier than they ever did in the brightest 
dajrs of their fathers prosperity  for in their case adversity bad 
only proved a lesson, that true happiness does not consist in 
wealth alone. The good fortune of their favorite sister was to 
them a greater source of pleasure than if it had been their own 
case; but the envious sisters, when they saw how splendid the 
palace was, and how the handsome bridegroom doated upon 
his bride, turned up their jealous noses in secret, and won- 
dered more than ever, at what they were pleased to term. 
"that Beaut/s luck!'' To the very last, they maintained 
that it was merely chance that had favoured their younger sister; 
and in all the trouble into which their violent tempers constantly 
led them, they would bemoan their hard fate, and try to mal^^ 

818 



BEAUTT AND THE BEAST. 

out tlLat hy right, they, as the elder aistera, should have had the 
brilliant fate that had fallen to the lot of their sister Beauty. We 
know hetter to That Beauty owed her good fortune, my little rea^ 
ders  do we not ? We know that she had earned her success 
by her own good behaviour, and that the sisters brought their 
miBfortunea on themselves by their selfishness and vanity. And 
we are happy when we think that our good Beauty and her 
husband lived long afterwards, and loved each other like two 
turtle doves in a nest of roses I 



HOTI. 

In Becli8tem*s collection of Genaan fury tales, ocean an amuaisg 
venion of this popular story under the title Dot Kuiz-zweiglem  ^the 
nat-lranch. The merchant is here represented as plucking a bunch 
of nuts, instead of a rose, for his youngest daughter ; and he promises 
the Beast " the first thing that meets him on his return,'* supposing 
that the first thing will be his poodle dog. The youngest daughter, 
however, outstrips the dog, and meets her father, who is consequently 
compelled to deliTer her over to the Beast. The Beauty of the (German 
tale restores her lover to his origmal form by passing through an ordeal 
similar to the one laid upon Oipheus  she passes through the horrors 
of eleven dark caves filled with dragons, snakes, basilisks, and other 
disgusting and terri^ring creatures. Grimm's collection gives two ver* 
sions of the story : one of these appears to be very old. 

Madame do Yilleneuve, a friend of the French tradegian CrcbillGn, 
with whom she resided till her death in 1755, has given us a gotnl 
French version of this story under the title La Bella et la Bete. It 
appears to be taken from some early English edition. 



THE HISTORY 



or 



LITTLE GOODY TWO-SHOES. 



LITTLE GOOBT TWO-SHOES. 

I AH going to tell you the history of a very good and useful 
little girl, named Margery Meanwell. But aa she was better 
knovn by the title of Goody Two-shoes, I shall call her by 
the last name; and I will tell you directly how it was that 
little Margery Meanwell came to he called by such a funny 
name. 

Farmer Meanwell, the father oflittle Margery and of her brother 

Tommy, was for many years a rich man. He had a lai^e farm, 

and good wheat-fields, and flocks of sheep, and plenty of money. 

But his good fortune forsook him, and he became poor, and 

323 



LITTLB QOODY TWO-SHOES. 

was obliged to get people to lend him money, to be able to 
pay the rent of his house, and the wag^s of the servants who 
worked on his farm. 

Things went on worse and worse with the poor farmer; when 
the time came at which he should pay back the money lent him, 
he was not able to do so. He was soon obliged to sell his 
farm ; but this did not bring him money enough, and he found 
himself in a worse plight than ever. This is how it was:  

Among the men who had lent money to Farmer Meanweil 
were two very hard-hearted and cruel persons. These were 
Sir Thomas Gripe, and a farmer named Graspall. Sir Thomas 
Gripe was known as a very rich man indeed; and Farmer 
Graspall had more money than he could possibly use. But 
they were greedy, covetous people, and could not forgive the 
poor farmer who was not able to pay them. Just as we some- 
times see a greedy boy, with a basket full of apples, afraid to 
give one away, so these men, who had boxes fall of money, 
vfere afraid of losing a few pounds each. Farmer Graspall was 
content with abusing Farmer Meanweil, and calling him bad 
names. But the rich Sir Thomas Gripe was more cruel still, 
and wanted to throw the poor debtor into prison, because he 
was not able to pay. So poor Farmer Meanweil was obliged 
to hasten away frt)m the place where he had lived many years, 
in order to get out of the power of ihe^e bad greedy men. 

He went into another village, and took his wife and two 
little children with him. But though he was thus safe from 
Gripe and Graspall, the trouble and care he had to bear were 

824 



too much for the poor mined man. He fell iU; and worried 
himself so much about his wife and children, whom he was 
unable to supply with food and clothing, that he grew worse., 
and worse, and died in a few days. His wife could not hear 
the loss of her husband, whom she loved very much. She 
fell sick too, and in three days she was dead. So Margery 
and Tommy were left alone in the world, without either father 
or mother to love them or take care of them. The parents 
were buried in one grave ; and when the funeral was over, 
there seemed to be no one but the father of the orphans, who 
dwells beyond the sky, to pity and take care of the desolate 
homeless children, who' were left alone in the wide world. 
But though yon would have pitied their sorrow, it woulil 
825 



have done your bcart good to bore seen how fond tlicsc two 
little ones were of each other, and how, hand in hand, they 
trotted about. The poorer they became, the more they seemed 
to love one another. Poor enough they were, and ro^ed and 
forlorn. Tommy, indeed, bad two shoes, but Margery bad but 
tne. They wandered about honseless and hungry. They had 
826 



LITTLE OOODT TWO-SHOES. 

nothing to eat or drink but the berries they picked from the 
hedges^ or the scraps they got from the poor people ; and when 
night came^ they crept into a bam to sleep. 

Their relations took no notice of them. No^ they were rich^ 
and ashamed to own such a little ragged shoeless girl as Margery, 
and such a dirty little Cforfy-pated boy as Tommy. These rela- 
tions were selfish people, who loved to gain money and land 
better than to show kindness. They were bad and wicked 
for despising the children because they were ragged and poor. 
But people like these, though they may grow rich, are not 
happy; for no one loves the hard-hearted, and, indeed, they do 
not deserve to be loved. 

Now Mr. Smith, the clergyman of the village in which the 
children were bom, was not a person of this sort, but a kind 
good man. He was not rich himself, and could not give them 
money; so he set his wits to work to devise some plan to assist 
poor Farmer Meanwell^s orphans; and this is how he managed 
to help them. 

The clergyman had a relation staying with him, a kind cha- 
ritable man. Mr. Smith told this relation all about Tommy 
and Margery, and the kind gentleman pitied the children, and 
sent for them to come and see him. He ordered little Margery 
a new pair of shoes, and gave Mr. Smith some money to buy 
her clothes, which indeed she wanted sadly. As for Tommy, 
he said he would take him and make him a little sailor, and 
to begin with, he had a jacket and trousers made for him. 

After some days, the gentleman said he must go to London^ 

827 



and would take Tonunj vith him, so lie and Maj^aret must 
B&j good-bye to each other. 

The parting between the two children was a verj sad one. 
Tommy cried, and Margery cried, and they kissed each other 
over and over again. At last Tommy wiped off the tears with 
Ae cuff of his jacket and bade her cry no more, for he wonld 
come back to her when he returned from sea. Poor Margery 
waa very sorry indeed to lose her brother ; and when night came 
-be was so sad and sorrowlid that she went crying to bed. 



LITTLE GOODY TWO-SHOES. 

The next day little Margery was still mourning for her brother, 
and going cryiiig through the village as if in search of him, 
when the shoemaker came with the new shoes the kind gentle- 
man had ordered to be made for her. Nothing could have sup- 
ported little Margery under the sorrow she was in but the 
pleasure she took in her new shoes. She ran out to Mrs. Smith, 
(Mr. Smith's wife), as soon as they were put on, and smoothing 
down her frock, cried out, ''Two Shoes, ma'am. Two Shoes 1 " 
These words she repeated to all the people she met ; and thus 
it was she got the name of Goody Two-shoes  or Little Ooody 
Two-shoes  or, as some of her playmates called her, "Old 
Goody Two-shoes.'' 

Little Margery had seen how good and wise Mr. Smith was ; 
and she judged this was owing to his great learning ; therefore 
she wanted, above all things, to learn to read. But in those 
days there were no Sunday schools and ragged schools for child- 
ren; and, at first, Margery was sorely at a loss how to learn. 
But at last she made up her mind to ask Mr. Smith to teach 
her when he had a moment to spare. This he readily agreed 
to do ; and little Margery used to leam of him an hour every 
evening. This was aU the time the good man could spare for 
her. 

She would also stop the children as they came home firom 
school, and borrow their books to leam firom until they went 
back again : and while the village children played at leap frog, 
and ball, and puss in the comer, little Two-shoes sat, like a busy 
little puss, in a comer, with a book, reading. 

829 



By this means she soon got more leaming than her plar- 
mates; and as she wished that others should benefit by her 
koowledge, she laid the following plan for teaching those who 
were more ignorant than herself. 

She found that only twenty-six letters were required to spdl 
all the words she could think of; bat as stnne of ihese letters 
were large, and some small, she cut out with her knife, from 
thin pieces of wood, ten sets <^ each. 

She nest obtuned an old spelling hook, and made her play- 

mates set up all &e words they wanted to speU, and after that 

ahe tanght them to put sentences together, such as  " Come to 

Tie." " I see yon." " You are a good boy," and many others. 

8S0 



LITTLS OOODT TWO-SHOES. 

The usual manner of spelling, or carrying on the game, was 
this :  suppose the word to be spelt was " Plum-Pudding'^ (and 
I am sure that is a very good word), the children were placed 
in a circle round Groody Two-shoes, and the first brought the 
first letter in Plum-Pudding, namely, f, the next l, the next u, 
the next m, and so ou till the whole word was spelt; and if 
any one brought a wrong letter, he or she was to pay a fine or 
play no more. This was learning something useful, even at play; 
and eyery morning the little Gk>ody used to go round to teach 
the children with these letters in a basket. 

I once went her rounds with her, and was highly diverted on 
the occasion. 

The first house we arriyed at was Farmer Wilson's. Here 
Margery stopped : she ran up to the door and knocked  ^tap  
tap tap. *' Who 'a there ? '' '' Only Little Goody Two-shoes, 
answered Margery, " come to teach Billy." " Oh, litile Goody, 
says Mrs. Wilson, with pleasure in her tuob^ " I am glad to see 
you. Billy wants you sadly, for he has learned his lesson.'^ Then 
out came the little boy. '' How do you do. Goody Two-shoes ? ^* 
he said  ^he could not even speak plainly  and then little Goody 
began to give Billy his lesson. She threw down the letters 
she had brought all of a heap, and Billy picked them up and 
sorted them in lines thus:  

A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H. 

a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h. 

and so on, till all the letters were in their right places; and 

then he told all their names. There was a cleyer little boy. 

831 



i9 



We left Farmer Wilson's house, and the next place we came 
to vas Farmer Simpsou's. "Bow  wow  wow!" aaya the dog 
at the door. " Sirrah," aaya his mistress, " why do yon bark 
at little Goody Two-ahoes? Come in, Madge; here, Sally wants 
you sadly. She has learned all her letters." So little Sally had 
her lesson, and I have heard she learned almost aa quickly as 



LITTLE GOODT TWO-SHOB8. 

little Billy had done. And then Ooody Two-shoes trotted off 
to another cottage. 

This was Gaffer Cook's ; and here there was not a single pupil 
waiting for Qoodj Two-shoes^ but a whole number had met 
to take part in the lesson. When the little girl came in^ they 
all flocked round her at once. Margery pulled out her letters 
and turning to the little boy next her, asked him what he had 
for his dinner ? " Bread," answered the little boy. '' Well then/' 
says the teacher, ''set up the first letter.'' He put up B, and 
the next child added k, and the next x, the next a, and the 
D, and the word stood thus B, b, b, a, d. 

''And what had you, Polly Comb, for your dinner? " "Apple 
Fie," answered the little girl. Upon which the next in turn 
set up a great A, the two next a p each, and so on, until the 
two words, Apple and Pie, were united, and stood thus  " Apflb 

PiB." 

Now it happened, one evening, that Gk)ody Two-shoes was 
going home very late. She had made a longer round than 
usual among her pupils, and almost every one seemed to have 
kept her waiting. Little Billy Wilson had not known his 
lesson, and would have Goody Two-shoes wait until he had 
finished learning it; and she had waited with great patience, 
for she loved the little boy dearly. Then, at Farmer Simpson's 
house, the farmer's little daughter Sally had not finished her 
inner, and Goody must needs stay until the apple-pie was off 
the table. These delays, and one or two others of the same 
kind, made her so late, that night had come on before she 

833 



LITTLB GOODT TWO-8HOZ8. 

got done with her day's work. And right glad was she at hist 
to pack np her bag of letters and to set out ar her own home. 
She walked contentedly along one field and across another; 
at one tune wending her way along the high road, at another 
taking a short cut along a shady lane, where the tall trees waved 
on each side, and the scent of the flowering thorn lingered in 
the quiet evening. But the evening was not so cool as one might 
have expected. There was a dose stifling feeling in the air; 
and the cattle, as they were driven along the road^ tossed up 
their heads and appeared to be gasping for breath* Little Goody 
Two-shoes thought there must be a storm coming on; and 
she wais right. For a moment there was a rustle among the 
trees, as if they were whispering to each other; then it grew 
darker and darker, and all was quiet. Goody Two-shoes was 
far too sensible a little girl to be afiraid of the dark and of 
ghosts. She knew that the stories people told of their appear- 
ing at night and in lonely places, were nothing but idle tales, 
and that those who believed such tales were as foolish as those 
who told them. But she knew that if she did not make haste 
she should be wetted to the skin. So Goody Two-shoes gathered 
her ekirts closer about her, and took to her heels and ran. 
Presently she saw an old bam by the way-side; it belonged 
to a farm which stood empty, for the feimer who owned it 
had died only a few weeks before; but a few trasses of straw 
had been left in the bam till the family should have time to 
remove them; and upon one of these trusses little Goody sat 
down, quite tired and out of breath with her nm, just as the 

834 



Gnt peal of thunder rattled over her head, and the first big 
drope of the thunder shower came splashing down. 

She had not been there long before she heard footsteps ap- 
proaching; and three evil men came into the bam for shelter. 
Now the truaaes of straw were piled up between Goody and 
these men ; so they could not see her although she had got 
a glimpse of tliem by peeping through a little opening between 
two trusses. The men, fancying they were quite alone, began 
to talk loudly enough for Goody to hear them; and she found 
81^5 



chat the; were thieves. They irere plotting to attack the hooae 
of Squire Trueman who lived in the great house ia Margery's 
village; and they settled that they would break in and rob 
the squire's house that very night This was quite enough fijr 
Goody. She never waited till the storm was over, but ran as 
&st as she could, through rain and mud, towards the squiie** 
house. Now it would have been rather difBcult for any other 
person to have got to the sqitire so late in the evening. Bat 
the servants all knew Margery, and loved her for her kind 
heart and ready obliging ways; so the fat butler sent at once 
to the squire, as he sat at dinner with his friends, and told him 
that little Two-shoes wanted very much to see him on a matter 
of great importance. So the squire asked his friends to excuse 
'<im for a moment, and came out, and he says, "Well, Goody 
836 



LITTLE GOODY TWO-SHOES. 

Two-shoes, my good girl, what is it?'' ^'Oh, sir/' replied she, 
'^ if you do not take care you will be robbed and murdered to- 
night,'' and she told him all she had heard as she sat in the 
old bam. The squire saw there was not a moment to lose; 
he went back and told his friends the news he had heard. They 
all determined to stay and help hinir take the thieves. The lights 
were put out at the usual hour, so that the robbers might fancy 
all the people of the house were in bed, and several of the ser- 
vants hid themselves behind trees in front of the house, to pounce 
upon the thieves when they came. Sure enough, at about one 
o'clock in the morning, the three men came creeping creeping  
up to the house, with a dark lantern, and a basket of tools to 
break open doors with. But every one was quite ready for them; 
and before they were aware, six men sprang upon them and held 
them fast. The thieves struggled in vain to get away. They 
were bound tightly and lodged in an outhouse till next morning, 
when a cart came to take them to gaol. I hear they were after- 
wards sent out of the coimtry, a long way off across the sea, 
to a country where they had to work in chains on the roads, 
and to go through many hardships. One of them, I have heard, 
reformed his ways, and was so industrious, and behaved himself 
so well, that he received a pardon, and lived in Australia, where 
he died a rich man. But the other two went on &om bad to 
worse. At length they escaped from their keepers and got clear 
away ; and even then they might have done well if they would 
only have been honest. But they took to a robber's life again, 
and after a few yeai's of great trouble and misery, they came to 

337 



STCry dreadful end; for sin always finds its puoiahment sooner 
or later. 

But it is time we should return to Goody Two-shoes. One 
day, as Ma^ery was walking through the village, she met 
with some wicked boys who had got a rareUj at which they 
were going to throw stones. To save the poor creature out of 
their hands. Goody gave them a penny for him, and brooght 
him home. She gave him a name  "Balph"  and a fine bird 
he was. 



A very clever fellow is the raven, and very cunning he laAm 
inth hiB bright eye and his diarp hard beak. He is so shaip 
that he can leam a good many tricks ; and he will even get to 
prononnoe words and sentences. And Margery's raven was veiy 
clever indeed  for a raven. 

Now this bird she tanght to speak, to spell, and to read. 
He was always very fond of playing with the lai^ letters, so 
the children nsed to call these " B>alph's alphabet." 

Some days after Croody had met with the nven, as she was 
walking in the fields, she saw some naughty boys who had 



LITTLB QOODT TWO-SHOES. 

taken a pigeon and tied a 
string to its legs, in order 
to let it 6j and draw it back 
again when thej pleased ; and 
hj this means they tortured 
the poor bird with the hopes 
of liberty and repeated failure. 
The pigeon she also bought, 
and taught him how to spell 
and read, but he could not 
talk. He was a very pretty 
fellow, and she called him 
Tom. 
And as tlie raven took the lai^ letters, Tom, the pigeon. 

took care of the small ones. 
Mrs. Williams, an old lady 

who lived in Margery's village, 

kept a school where little people 

were instructed in the science 

of A, B, C. She was now old 

and infirm, and wanted to de- 
cline this important tnut. This 

beiug mentioned to Sir William 

Dove, he sent for Mrs. Williams 

and desired she would examine 

little Two-Bboes, and see if she 

was clever enough for the ofilce. 

310 



ThiB was done, and Mrs. WilliamB made the following report 
in Ooody's iavonr :  die said that " little Margery waa the best 
acbolar, and had the beet heart of any one she had examined." 
All the coun^ had a great opinion of Mrs. Williams, and this 
report gave them also a great opinion of Miss Masqery, for 
BO we must now call her. 

Little Goody Two-shoes was now very happy, and she deserved 
to be so; for she had earned happiness 1^ her own industry 
and kindness. She had tanght the little children at their own 
homes ; and it was but &ir that she shoold have a home of her 
own to teach them in. 

311 



So IMoigeiy Meanwell was nov a EclioolmiBtress, and a capi- 
tal one she made. All her little scholais loved her; for she 
vaa never veaxj of schemiiig for their improvement uii I plea- 
sure. The room in which she taught iras large and lolly, with 
~ plenty of fresh air in it j and aa she knew that nature intended 
children to be always moving aboat, she placed her different 
sets of letters all ronnd the school, so that every one was obliged 
to get up to fetch a letter or to spell a word when it came to 
their turn; which not only kept the children in health, but 
fixed the letters firmly in their minds. 

The school had been in a very ruinous state, but it was now 
rebuilt, and every thing in it was bright and nice. 

The neighbours knowing that Mrs. Two-shoes was very good 

(as to be sure, nobody was better), made her a present of a 

little skylark. Now as many of the boys and girls who came 

her had learned to lie in bed long in the morning, she 

812 



tliought the lark miglit be of use to her and her pupils, by 
telling them irhea it iras time to get up. For he that is fond 
of hie bed and lies till nooQj lives but half his i&yB, the rest 
being lost in sleep, vhich is a kind of death. 

Some time after this, a poor lamb had lost its dam, and the 
farmer being about to kill it, she bought it of him, and brought 
343 



it home with her to play with the children, and teach them 
when to go to bed; for it was a rule, and a very good one, 
with the wise men of that age, " to rise with the lark, and Ue 
down with the lamb." 

No sooner were Tippy, the lark, and Billy, the lamh, brought 
into the school, than that sensible rogue, Ralph the raven, com- 
posed the following verse, which every good little boy and girl 
ought to get by heart:  

"Early to bed, and early to rise, 
Ib the way to be healthy, wealthy, and wise." 

Soon after this a present was made to Miss Margery of a 
little dog. He was always in a good humour, as good children 
ought to be ; and always jumping about, as they like to he ; and 
therefore they called him Jumper. It waa Jumper's duty to 
keep the door, and he stood there boldly and would let nobody 
o out or any one come in without leave irom his mistress. 



Billy, tlie baa-lamb, was a cheerful fellow, and all the cbildren 
were fond of li ; wherefore Mrs. Two-shoes made it a rule, that 
those who behaved best should have Will home with them at 
night, to cany their satchel or basket of books on his back, 
and bring it back to school in the morning. 

It happened, one day, when Miss Two-shoes was diverting .the 
children after school, as she often did, with some merry games 
and pretty and osefiil stories, that a man arrived with the sad 
news that Sally Jones's father had been thrown from his horse, 
and was thought past hope. Indeed, the messenger said that he 
seemed to be dying when he came away. All the school wept. 
The messenger was obliged to return ; but Miss Two-shoes, un- 
known to the children, sent Tom Pigeon with the man, that 
he might bring back a letter to inform her how Mr. Jones did. 

Soon after the messenger was gone, they missed the pigeon ; 

and the concern the children were imder for Mr. Jones and little 

845 



LITTLE OOODT TWO-SHOBS. 

Sally, was in some measure turned away, and part of their atten- 
tion directed towards Tom^ who was a great favorite, and in con- 
sequence, much bewailed. To keep them quiet. Goody told them 
a story of a poor man who had met with many losses and mis- 
fortunes ; and just as she came to the end of the story, some- 
thing was heard to flap at the window. " Bow  ^wow  ^wow ! " 
says Jumper; and he tried to leap up and open the door, at 
which the children wondered; but Miss Margery, knowing who 
it was, opened the casement, and in flew Tom Pigeon with the 
letter. 

When he was put on the table, they untied the letter that was 
fastened about his neck, and the pigeon kept dying, '' coo, coo, 
coo ! '' as if he would have said, ''read it I read it I" And when 
they read the letter, it was foimd to contain the good news, that 
Farmer Jones was out of danger. Tom the pigeon had flown with 
this letter about fifty miles in an hour. 

Miss Margery was always doing good ; and thought she could 
never reward those enough who had done anything to serve her. 
These good feelings led her to think of the interests of her 
neighbours. Alost of these were farmers, who had meadow lands, 
and depended much on their hay, which had, during many years, 
been greatly damaged by wet weather. Miss Margery procured 
an instrument to direct them when to mow their grass with safety 
and prevent their hay being spoiled. They all came to her for 
advice, and by that means got in their hay without damage, 
whilst most of the hay in the next village was spoiled. 

This made a very great noise in the country; and so angry 

84iG 



were the people in the parisbea where the hay was spoiled, that 
they accused her of being a witch, and sent Gafer Goosecap, a 
busy fellow in other people's concerns, to find evidence against 
her. The wiseacre happened to come to her school, and found 
her walking about with her raven on one shoulder, her pigeon on 
the other, the lark on her hand, and the lamb and dog by her 
847 



LITTLX GOODY TW0-SH028. 

side; whicli, indeed, made a droll figure/ and so surprised the 
man, tliat lie cried out  " A witch ! A witch ! " 

Upon this. Miss Two-shoes answered, laughing  " A conjuror! 
A conjuror ! " and so they parted. But this was not the end; for 
a warrant was issued against Miss Margery, and she was taken 
to a meeting of the justices, whither all the people followed 
her. 

At the meeting, one of the justices, who knew little of life, 
and less of the law, behaved very foolishly, and though no one 
could prove anything against Miss Two-shoes, he asked her 
whom she could bring to speak to her character? She answered, 
" Whom can you bring to speak against my character. Sir ? There 
are people enough who would appear in my defence, were it neces- 
sary ; but I never supposed that any one here could be so weak as to 
believe there was any such thing as a witch. If I am a witch, 
this is my charm ; and (laying a barometer on the table), it is 
with this that I have taught my neighbours to know the state 
of the weather." 

All the company laughed; and Sir William Dove, who was on 
the bench, asked her accusers how they could be such fools as to 
think there could be any such thing as a witch. And he told 
them a tale of a harmless woman in a country village, who was 
accused of witchcraft only because she was quite poor and 
defenceless, and where the people were all very unkind to her, 
till she had the good fortune to get some money, when they all 
changed very suddenly ; and he ended, by saying  " It is plain 
that a woman must be very poor, very old, and live in a neigh* 

348 



bourhood vhere the people are very stupid, before she can possi- 
bly pass for a witch." 

Then the good Sir William gave the court luch an account 
01 Miss Margery, and her yirtue, good Bense, and prudence, that 
the gentlemen present returned her public thanks for the great 
serrices she had done the country. One of them, Sir Charles 
Jones, had formed such a high opinion of her, that he offered her 
a lai^ sum to take charge of his family, and educate his daugh~ 
ter. At first she refused, but this gentleman sending for her 
349 



afterwards, when he had a dangerous fit of illness, she irent, and 
behaved ao prudently in the family, and so tenderly to him and 
his daughter, that he would not permit hex to leave the hons^ 
and soon after made her proposals of marriage. Margety felt 
what an honour this was, but would not many him until he had 
provided for his daughter. 

The neighbours came in crowds to see the wedding ; and they 

were all glad that one who had been such a good girl, and had 

become such a good woman, was going to be made a lady. Bat 

just as the clergyman had opened his book, a gentleman, richly 

860 



LITTLE GOODT TWO-8HOE8. 

dresscdj ran into tlie church and cried  '' Stop I stop I " This 
greatly alarmed all the people^ and more than all; the bride and 
bridegroom^ with whom the gentleman asked to speak apart. 
Presently Sir Charles stood motionless with surprise^ and the 
bride fainted away in the stranger's arms. This richly dressed 
gentleman turned out to be no other than little Tommy Mean- 
wellj who had just come from sea^ where he had made a large 
fortune. 

Very happily did Sir Charles and Lady Jones live together; 
but the great lady did not forget the children any more than the 
little girl had done. She ordered a house in the village to be 
fitted up as a school^ and placed a man and his wife there who 
taught well^ and set a good example of sobriety and honesty. 
She had all the boys and girls taught to read and write^ and then 
the girls learned needle-work^ and the boys were put forward so 
as to be taught some useful trade. She paid great regard to the 
poor^ and helped many a young couple to marry by her money 
and good advice. Very often she had the children to her home 
on Monday evenings to read the Bible; and afterwards gave them 
a good supper ; and her kindness and charity were very great. 

In shorty she was a mother to the poor^ a physician to the sick^ 
and a friend to all who were in distress. Her life was the greatest 
blessings and her death was the greatest calamity that was ever 
felt in the neighbourhood where dwelt and laboured Little Goody 

TwO-SHOb. 



Note. 

Though the production has neyer been traced to him by direct 
evidence, Olitsb Goldsmith has long been considered as the author 
of Goodj Two-shoes. And the stjle in which this charming tale is 
written, combined with the popularily it has achieved, fiivours the 
notion. The circumstance too, that "The History of Qoodj Two- 
shoes" appeared in 1765, at the time when the poet was doing all 
kinds of " hack work " for Nkwbebt, the publisher, is, in itself, signi- 
ficant ; and several of the sentences seem to carry with them an echo 
of passages in the "Vicar of Wakefield." The line, for instance, 
where the narrator of Gk)ody Two-shoe's histoiy tells us  " I once went 
her rounds with her, and was very much diverted upon the occasion." 
ends with the same peculiar expression as a sentence placed in the 
mouth of Dr. Pbimbobe, who, in speaking of his ministry in the prison, 
is made to say  " I read them a portion of the service, with a loud un- 
afiected voice, and found my audience perfectly merry upon the occa- 
sion." 

" The advertisement and title-page too," as Irving pithily observes in 
his life of Goldsmith, *' bear the stamp of his sly and playful humour.** 
The former runs thus :  

"We are desired to give notice, that there is in the press, and 
speedily will be published, either by subscription or otherwise, as the 
public shall please to determine, the History of Little Gkx)dy Two- 
shoes, otherwise Mrs. Margery Two-shoes ; with the means by which 
she acquired learning and wisdom, and, in consequence thereof^ her 
estate ; set forth at large for the benefit of those 

Who from a state of rags and care. 
And having shoes but half a pair. 
Their fortune and their fame would fix. 
And gaUop in a coach and six." 



ALADDIN, 

OR 

THE WONDERFUL LAMP. 



N 



\'^^^i^-^.- "  -- _ \_ Z!IT'^^^^'  '^ - ^1 

ALADDIN. 

In the capital of one of the largest and richest provinces of 
China, lived Mustapha, the tailor. He vas a poor man, who 
liad nothing to depend upon but what he earned &om his trade; 
and so poor was he, that he could hardly support his wife ar.d 



I bia ool; son Aladdin. 



ALADDIN. 

Aladdin^ like many an only child, had been spoiled by his 
parents; and he became turbulent and disobedient, refusing to 
stay in doors, and spending nearly all his time in the streets 
playing with a set of blackguard boys, who were his chosen 
comrades. Mustapha took him into his shop, and tried to get 
him to use the needle ; but Aladdin would not learn. Mustapha 
chastised his rebellious son, but Aladdin would not reform ; and 
at last the poor tailor so took his son's conduct to heart, that 
he fell sick, and fairly fretted himself to death. 

The boy'^ mother, seeing that Aladdin would not work, shut 
up the shop, sold off the stock, and with a little money she thus 
raised, and what she could make by spinning cotton, tried hard 

to support herself and her son. 

One day, when Aladdin was playing in the streets as usual, 
with his choice companj of friends, a great African magician 
passed by. lie stopped and asked the boy if he was not the sou 
of Mustapha, the tailor. " Yes, sir,'* answered Aladdin ; '' but 
Lc has been dead a long time.'' 

Hereupon the African magician kissed Aladdin over and over 
Bgain, and began to weep. On being asked the cause of his tears, 
he cried  ^'Alas! my boy, your good father was my brother. 
I hare been travelling abroad many years ; and now, when I at 
last return, in hopes of seeing him, you tell me that he is dead." 
Hereupon he asked Aladdin where his mother lived; and putting 
a handful of small coins into his palm, bade the boy say, that 
his imcle would come to see her next day, to hear about poor 
Mustapha. 

856 



The poor widow was not a little surprised when her hopeful 
son came running home in high glee to tell her of the new rela- 
tion he had found, and how his uncle was coining to see licr 
the next day. Mufitapha had never spoken of any brother. But 
the sight of the money made her think there was some tmtli 
in the assertion; for people ai'c net generally very willing to 
give away money to strange boys in the sti-eet. 

Next day the mi^eian came according to promise. He was 
very polite to Aladdin's mother; bewailed the death of his poor 
brother ; and made himself generally agreeable. During supper 
lie turned to Aladdin and said : " Well, nephew, what business 
aie you learning  what is your trade?" 

Now, as Aladdin was learning nothing at all, e:^ccpt how to 

fight the boys in the street, he was somewhat at a loss for a reply; 

337 



hut his mother immediRtety hegan to answer for hun, and gave 
the magician Buch an account of her hopefol son's proceedings, 
that Aladdin felt his ears tingle and his cheeks reddoi  u well 
he might. 

"This is not well, Aladdin," said the magician gravely. " Yon 
must do Bomethii^ for your living. I will do the heat I can to 
assist you. K you do not like a trade, I will take a shop for you, 
and bny yon goods with which you can traffic, and gain your 
bread like an honest man." 

Aladdin, who saw a prospect of getting a livelihood without 

much laboor, was very glad of this proposal ; and as for his 

mother, she thanked the generous uncle a thousand times. The 

SS8 



magician seemed to be decidedly in earnest; for the next day 
he came to fetch his nephew, and took him to walk through the 
principal streets of the city. First, he called at a tailor's, and 
bought some new garmeDts for Aladdin; whereat that young 
gentleman rejoiced greatly; and in the afternoon he brought liim 
to the khan or inn where he lodged, and introduced him to sevcriJ 
acquaintances as "his dear nephew, Aladdin." 

In the evening, the magician took him home to hia mother, who 
was overjoyed that her boy, whom she loved in spite of hia faults, 
should have met with such a friend ; and he promised to take 
Aladdin out for a longer walk the next day. 

He came the next morning as promised, and walked with the 

boy out at one of the city gates. He managed to amuse him with 

pleasant talk, so that Aladdin did not notice how iai they went ; 

85S 



ALADDIN. 

and be was quite surprised when his undc at last stopped at the 
foot of a ridge of mountains. 

Between two mountains of equal size there was a little valley. 
Here the magician turned to Aladdin, and said :  '' I will show 
you a most wonderful thing which will greatly astonish you. 
13ut while I strike a light, go and gather some dry sticks.'' 
Aladdin obeyed, and the magician first kindled a fire, and then 
threw a strong perfume into the blazing heap. Then he stretched 
out his hand and pronounced certain magical words ; whereupon 
the earth opened and discovered a square stone with a brass ring 
to lift it up by. 

Aladdin was so frightened that he was going to run away; but 
the magician suddenly seized him, and dealt him a blow that 
nearly knocked him down. Poor Aladdin was much ajstonishcd 
at this rough treatment; but the magician soon pacified him, 
and promised him wealth and honor if he would only yield implicit 
obedience to his commands. 

" Take up this stone by the ring fixed in it,'* said the magician. 
Aladdin did so. " Go down this flight of steps," continued his 
uncle ; " you will have to pass through four great halls, but you 
must touch nothing you see there. Then you will have to pass 
through a garden full of the choicest fruits and flowers ; though 
you are very strictly forbidden to touch anything you may see 
in the four great halls, the prohibition does not extend to the 
fruit in the garden. You may gather a portion of the firuit if its 
richness should tempt you so to do ; but the real object of your 
mission is to procure me a small lamp which you will find burning 

3G0 



ill a niclic at the end of the garden terrace. This lamp you miiat 
take &om the position in which you will find it, and bring it to 
me here. And I must most particularly impress upon yonr mind 
the uecessity of using the greatest caution and speed in the 
performance of this important duty ; for I attach the utmost im- 
portance to the possession of the lamp." 



A L A t> D I K. 



Alkddin did as the magician 
desired him. He passed do\rn 
the atain with the greatest cau- 
tioD ; having traversed the balls, 
which he found as the magician 
had described, he entered the 
garden. Here the scene was 
truly enchanting. Trees of the 
most varied and beautiful foliage 
were laden with luscious fruits, 
flowers of the most beautiful 
description filled the air with 
fragrant odours, while statues, 
vases, fountains, and birds of 
the richest plumage met the eye 
iu every direction. Aladdin did 
not fail to avail himself of the 
leave he had obtained to gather 
fruit; he filled his pockets be- 
fore be gave a thought to the 
lamp ; but having arrived at the 
end of the terrace he perceived 
the lamp in the niche, and taking 
it down, he threw out the oil it 
contained, drew out the wick. 
and placing the lamp in his 
l)osom, hastened back. 



Directly the magician saw- 
Aladdin coming back, he vos 
anxious to get the lamp into his 
owD possession. " Give me the 
lamp, nepheT,"he sharply cried. 
" First help me ont of the cave,'* 
answered Aladdin. "No, no, 
give me the lamp first," insisted 
the magician; and as Aladdin 
was obstinate, the magician flew 
into such a rage that he threw 
fl ime perfume into the fire, pro- 
nounced a few mystic words, 
and the stone closed' over the 
cave, leaving Aladdin in dark- 
ness and utterly aloue. 

He was naturally in a terrible 
fright, expecting nothing lew 
than that he should perish mise- 
rably in the cave. For two days 
he remained cooped up there; 
and on the third day he began 
to look upon death as inevitable. 
Clasping his hands in anguish, 
he rubbed a ring the magician 
bad given him on entering the 
cave, and instantly a hideous 



ALADDIN. 

genie of gigantic stature, stood before him. " AYliat \rouldst thou 
have ? " said the genie. " I am ready to obey thee as thy slave, 
and the slave of all those who possess the ring on thy finger  
I, and the other slaves of the ring ! *' 

For a moment, Aladdin was startled by this apparition. Then 
he exclaimed  " Deliver me from this place as speedily as pos- 
sible." The genie disappeared ; the earth opened, and Aladdin 
found himself on the spot where he had parted &om the magi- 
cian, his pretended uncle. 

He lost no time in making his way home to his mother, who 
had given him up as lost, and was greatly comforted to behold 
him once more. After they had vented their joy, and abused the 
wicked magician to their heart's content, Aladdin began to re- 
member that he had eaten nothing for two days. His mother, 
who had been too sorrowM to spin, had no money to buy food ; 
so Aladdin suggested they should sell the lamp he had carried 
in his bosom ever since he took it from the niche in the garden. 
Finding the lamp somewhat rusty, he began to rub it ; instantly 
a genie, more hideous than the one in the cave, rose before him, 
and said :  "What wouldst thou have? I am ready to obey thee 
as thy slave, and the slaves of all those who have that lamp in 
their hands  I and the other slaves of the lamp. 

Aladdin's mother fainted away with fright, but Aladdin already 
somewhat accustomed to the appearance of genii, answered 
boldly, " I am hungry  ^bring me something to eat." The genie 

appeared, but instantly came again, bearing on his head a 
^uous collation, in a great silver dish with several plates of 

80^ 



the same metal. He set these things down on the tabic, and 
Taoished. 

By throwiDg water in Lis mother's face, Aladdin soon brought 
her back to life ; and they both ate heartily of the feast provided 
by the genie, which was sufficient to supply them for several days. 
Aladdin sold the silver plates and dishes one by one to a jeweller ; 
and on the produce he and his mother lived for several years, 
until Aladdin bad grown to be a young man. 

One day, as Aladdin was walking through the streets, he heard 
some officers of the sultan's proclaiming aloud that all people 
were to remain in their houses on the following day, for that 
the sultan's daughter, the princess Badroulboudour was going 
to the baths. Aladdin had a great desire to see this beautiful 
princess, and accordingly hid behind the door of the batlis to try 
and get a view of her face. When the princess was within three 
SGa 



or four pares of the door an attendant palled off her veil, and 
Aladdin had a full opportunity of seeing her. He returned tuone 
deeply in love with the beautiful ladj, and firmly resolved that 
she should be his wife. 

When Aladdin told bis mother his intention of manying the 
piiucesa Badroulboudoor, and requested ber to speak to the 
sultan OD the subject, the good woman burst out laughing, and 
thought her son was mad. But Aladdin persisted, and at length 
prevailed upon her to undertake the task by a present to the 
sultan; she took with her the various fruits which Aladdin at 
first supposed to be colored glass, but which he now knew to be 
jewels of immense value. For many days the good widow 
utteiidcd regularly at the sultan's divan, and was at last fortunate 
30a 



enough to attract his notice. Being desired to state the business 
on which she had come, she began by presenting the jewels, which 
faii'ly dazzled the sultan's eyes by their magnificence. He heard 
her request without any sign of anger and impatience, and was, 
in fact, so charmed with the jewels that he almost consented to 
Aladdin's proposal. The grand vizier, however, who had hoped 
that hia own son should marry the princess, prevailed upon the 
sultan to grant him three months' time that he might buy and 
prepare a more costly present than Aladdin's; to this the sultuu 
consented, and Aladdin's mother being told to call again in three 
months, went sway very well pleased to report her success to her 
Eon. Aladdin was still m(n*e pleased than his mother, and they 
M'aited patiently till the three months should expire. 

The grand vizier did not fail to avail himself <^ the time 

granted him to compete with Aladdin in the beauty, richaess. 

Slid rarity of the presents by which the sultan's favor was to 

B87 



ALADDIN. 

be obtained. It Lad been the aim and object of bis life to 
biing about an alliance between bis son and the princess^ and 
to this end bis whole energies had been directed during the long 
period he had occupied the high position of grand vizier. Under 
such circumstances^ it was not to be wondered at that he felt 
severely disappointed and chagrined to find his hopes and pros- 
pects blighted by one whom he could not but regard as a mere 
adventurer. The most celebrated merchants were consulted as 
to the richest markets for gems and costly stuffs ; emissaries of 
acknowledged experience were specially despatched and, furnished 
with unlimited means, the richest products of the earth were soon 
obtained by them. Lavishly as the vizier had scattered the wealth 
he had been a life-time accumulating, no regret was felt by him 
for the sacrifice when, within the appointed time, his agents 
returned with the desired presents. Elated with his success, he 
hastened to present himself before the sultan, and lay his presents 
at the feet of his royal master; slaves magnificently attired and 
escorted by a troop of mounted guards, bore the presents to the 
palace, where the sultan waited with curiosity to behold and 
learn the success of his favorite minister; the presents exceeded 
the sultan's expectations, and when he came to hear the account 
of the energy and perseverence of his vizier, he determined that 
his efforts should not go unrewarded, and at once gave orders that 
the marriage should be immediately celebrated. Aladdin's mothci 
seeing a great crowd, and great r^oicing in the streets, asked 
what it all meant, and was told that the people shouted for joy at 
the marriage of the princess with th^ vizier's son. 

a08 



Aladdin's mother ran home in great consternation, anil told 
Ler son the news, whereupon Aladdin at once had recourse to 
his wonderful lamp. He summoned the genie, and commanded 
him, when night came, to bring the Fiinceas Badroulboudour and 
and her husband in their bed to his honse. This was done, to 
the great fear and terror both of bridegroom and bride, who were 
greatly astoiushed at finding themselves flying through the air 
in such a strange manner. The bridegroom, however, said nothing 
about it, fearing to be thought mad. 

The next night the same thing was done. Again the bed 
was taken up and transported through the air by the genie ; and 
the vizier's son and the princess were both so mortified at the 
prospect of being thus subject to enchantment all their lives, that 
they begged the sultan to annul the marriage; which was done 
accordingly. 

When the appointed three months had expired, Aladdin's 

mother went again to the sultan's divan to claim the fulfilment 

369 



of the promise the sultan had made her. The sultan consulted 
with the Tizier as to how he should ^t rid of her request ; and 
acting on the minister's advice, declared that before be could 
give him his daughter, Aladdin must provide forty basins of 
jewels similar to those he had sent at first. Those forty basius 
of jsffbiB were to be carried by forty black slavea, each led by 
370 



ALADDIN. 

a vhite slave, all magnificently dressed. 
Neither the sultan nor the vizier 
dreamed for a moment that Aladdiu 
coald fulfil such a preposterous con- 
dition; and Aladdin's mother was of 
the same opinion irith them. 

Aladdin, however, rubbed his lamp, 
and the genie appeared, and said :  ^ 
"What would'st thou have? I am ' 
read; to obey thee as thy slave and 

slave of all those who hold the lamp in tlieir hands  I, and the 
other slaves of the lamp." 

Aladdin told the genie what he wanted, and not an hour had 
elapsed before the eighty slaves were awaiting Aladdin's orders. 
He at once dispatched them to the palace of the saltan ; and 
their magnificent dress and appearance excited the greatest 
wonder among the populace. The genie had brought ten purses, 
with a thousand pieces of gold in each. Four of these purses 
Aladdin gave to his mother. The rest he delivered to six slaves 
for distribution among the populace. A splendid dress and a 
magnificent horse had also been provided for him by the genie ; 
and when all things were ready, Aladdin despatched one of the 
forty slaves to the palace to ask when Aladdin might have the 
honour to throw himself at the sultan's feet. 

The slave delivered his message, and brought back word that 

the Bultan waited for Aladdin with impatience. Hereupon hn 

set out with his slaves. And as they marched through the city, 

871 



 no one coold have recognized in ttc handsome, magniikwiitlj 
dresaed young man, the little idle vagabond who faad played with 
the street hoys only a few years before. 

When Aladdin airived at the palace, all the guards were drawn 
np in order to receive him. One of the great officers of state 
met him at the door, and led him into the council chamber. The 
sultan himself did htm the honor to descend three stepe from his 
throne to meet his intended son-in-law, and taking him by the 
hand, prevented Aladdin from casting himself at bis feet, as it 
had been his intention to do. The sultan was quite charmed 
with the appearance and manners of Aladdin ; and after they had 
feasted together, he sent for the chief judge of his capital, whom 
he ordered immediately to draw up a contract of marria^ 
between Aladdin and the Princess Badroulboudour. The saltan 
372 



ALADDIN. 

Tould have had the marriage Bclem> 
nized that very day; but Aladdin 
asked that it ahotdd be deferred until 
he had built the princess a palace 
worthy of a sultan's daughter. To 
this the soltan agreed, and granted 
Aladdin a great piece of ground near 
his Dim palace. Thereupon Aladdin 
mooDted his horse and returned to his 
own home. 

There was now hard work for the genie of the lamp. Aladdin 
commanded him to build a palace that should surpass the most 
Bumptuons castles of the earth in beauty ; he ordered that the 
walls were to be made of masses of gold and silver, laid alternately. 
There was to be a great square hall, with four-and-twenly win- 
dows, enriched with precious stones; and in every respect the 
palace was to be most gorgeous and magnificent, with fine horses 
in the stables, and handsome male and female slaves to attend on 
the princess. 

By the time Aladdin had done giving instructions to the genie, 
the Bun had set. The next morning at day>break the palace stood 
there, complete in every particular. The sultan could hardly 
believe his own eyes when he saw a palace of such vast dimen- 
sions and such extraordinary beauty of design and ornament, 
apparently the work of years, standing where a vacant space 
had been the evening before. The vizier's astonishment was as 
great as that of his master. 



A L A D D T y. 

When Aladdin saw that his palace was ready^ he dressed him* 
self very magnificently^ and mounting one of the horses the genie 
had provided for him^ he set out in the midst of a large concourse 
of slaves for the sultan's palace. The sultan received him with 
the same kindness he had shown the day before^ and would have 
kept him to dine. But Aladdin answered^ '^ I beg your majesty 
to excuse me from accepting that honor to-day; I come to ask 
you to partake of a repast in the princess's palace, with the grand 
vizier and the lords of your court/' The sultan, who was burning 
with curiosity to see the palace, immediately consented; and as 
Aladdin's palace was so near, the procession set off at once, 
Aladdin riding at the sultan's right hand, and the grand vizier 
on the left; the guards and principal officers of the court walking 
before them, and the courtiers and great lords following their 
master as it is their custom to do. 

The sidtan was infinitely astonished at all the splendour he 
beheld, and passed more than hour in going from one apartment 
to another. Afterwards he breakfasted with his son-in-law and 
called a council of the officers of his court who were present to 
decide upon the necessary arrangecnents for the solemnization of 
the marriage on a scale of magnificence suited to the occasion. 
A somewhat lengthy discussion took place, in which evety one 
present, excepting the grand vizier, appeared highly interested ; 
but Aladdin, confident in the resources at his command, solicited 
the sultan to leave the arrangements in his hands, and assured 
him that if he failed in giving satisfaction he was prepared to 
forieit the sultan's favor, which he so much valued, and submit to 

874 



any degnidation or puniehment be might tbiak proper to inflict. 
The Hultaa was satisfied, and in dne time Aladdin eent a Qumerous 
train of attendanta to fetch home his bride the Princess Bad- 
roulboudour. The princess herself was charmed with the man- 
ner and appearance of the bridegroom, and everything went ill' 
ciocedingly welL 

975 



ALADDIN. 

The marriage was celebrated witli a dc^ec of regal magnifi- 
cence that astonished every beholder; earthy air^ and water 
appeared to have vied with each other in contributing to the 
splendour of the scene. Musicians filled the air with dulcet 
sounds; poets recited odes in praise of the beauty of the priucess 
and the magnificence of Aladdin ; slaves bearing open bags filled 
vith gold {Pieces scattered them to the right and left amongst the 
assembled crowds ; every open space in the city was filled with 
tables covered with the choicest viands which appeared to be 
replenished as fast as they were consumed ; seven days were the 
festivities continued without interruption^ until every one in the 
city^ from the sultan to the lowest mendicant^ declared himself 
exhausted with pleasure and enjoyment. Inside the palace of 
Aladdin the genie of the lamp had been furnished with ample 
employment during this week of enjoyment. His present master 
appeared to possess a fertility of imagination as regards luxurious 
enjoyment that no earthly power could satisfy, but the resources 
of the genie of the lamp appeared inexhaustible. 

For some time the Princess Badroulboudour and her husband 
Aladdin lived very happily in their palace. But the African 
magician, who had retired in a rage after shutting up Aladdin 
in the cave, had one day the curiosity to wish to know what had 
become of tlie poor tailor's boy, though he had little doubt but 
that he had perished miserably in the cave. He consulted his 
magic books, and found to his rage and amazement, that Aladdin 
was not only alive, and in possession of the lamp, but had 
married the sultan's daughter. 

a7G 



ALADDIN. 

Rage and malice at once took 
possession of his heart. He thought 
how he might be revenged on Aiaddin, 
and was not loDg in maturing a plan 

for that purpose. He disguised him- I 

self as a pedlar, and came to the city 
in which Aladdin's palace was built. 
Here he purchased half-a-dozen lamps, 
and went from door to door crying 

out :  " New lamps for old ones ! 

Kew lamps for old ones ! " so that he soon had a crowd of boys 
at his heels hooting and jeering him. 

He perserered, however, until he came in front of Aladdin's 
palace. The Princes Badroulboudonr was there, but Aladdin 
himself was out hunting. Amused at the apparent stupidity of 
the lamp merchant, the princess sent out one of her slaves to 
exchange an old lamp for a new one ; little did she suspect that 
it was Aladdin's wonderiul lamp with which she was parting 

As soon as the magician had the lamp in bis possession, be 
made the best of bis way home. When he got there he rubbed 
the lamp, and commanded the genie, who instantly appeared, to 
transport the palace, with the princess in it, to a certain part of 
Africa. The genie obeyed. 

When the sultan rose that morning he was terribly surprised 

to see a vacant space where Aladdin's palace had stood over-uight. 

He could hEirdly believe his eyes. The vizier, whom he called 

to look at the wonders, declared that his belief hod all along been 

377 



A L 1 D D I K. 

that tlie eDchanted palace would one 

day vanish as suddenly as it had 

appeared; and that he had always 

looked on Aladdin as an impostor. 

The caliph, hereupon, was in a teirible 

rage, and sent at onee for Aladdin. 

The messenger found him returning 

from hunting, and brought him before 

his enraged father-in-law, who wanted 

in the first paroxysm of bis anger 

to have Aladdin's head chopped off. But bethinking bJnuwlf that 

he was thus giving up the last chance of recovering hia daughter, 

he altered his mind and allowed Aladdin forty days time in which 

to bring her back. Poor Aladdin went away very disconsolate, 

for he had little chance of finding the princess. For some days 

he wandered about from place to place with despair in his heart. 

It was sad, indeed, to be plunged irom the height of happiness 

into the depths of despondency ; to lose, in one moment, rank, 

fortune, and a beloved wife; it appeared to Aladdin as though a 

huge barrier had been suddenly interposed between him and all 

future hope. The revulsion of feeling conseqaent upon so sudden 

a change of position was terrible in the extreme, and Aladdin 

looked forward to the termination of the forty days as a relief. 

At last, one day, as he climbed a mountain in the vain hope of 

difico^criug the castle, his foot slipped, and as be clung ti^itly 

to the rock to prevent himself from falling, he rubbed the magio 

ring, which be still wore on Ids finger, violently against a stone. 



A L 1 D D I K. 

Iq a moment the genie of the ring 
stood before him, and asked him what 
commands he had. Aladdin vas over- 
joyed ; for now at hist he saw a pros- f 
pect of deliTerance. " Transport me at 
once to where my wife is," said be. 

The genii at once took him up on 
his sbotdder and flew away rapidly over 
land and sea at a most incredible rate. 

In the meantime, the magician 
having got the Princess Badroulbou* 
dour into his power had fallen violently 
in love with her, and was trying to 
persuade her to marry him. He repre- 
sented to her that her father, the 
sultan, had sacrificed Aladdin to his 
rage, and made no secret of the fact 
that he wanted her to be his wife. But 
tJie princess would not listen to himj 
and passed her time in weeping for 

her husband and father, and in bewailing her unhappy fate; 
and this was the state of things when the genie ; flew up to 
the palace with Aladdin, and laid him gently at the foot of a 
great tree in the garden. As soon as he recovered bis 
breath, Aladdin made his way secretly into the palace, and great 
was the Princess Badndbondonr's joy at seeing him once 
again. They laid a plan to rescne the princess out of the handa 



of the wicked magician, and eOectcd 

their object in the follomng way. 

The magician vaa in the habit of 

paying the Princess Badroulbondour 

a visit every evening, and on the nigbt 

of Aladdin's arrival he came as usual. 

Aladdin had hidden himself behind a 

curtain in the room; and, to the 

magician's great surprise and joy, the 

princess received him with a much 

more gracious countenance than she 

had ever shown him before. She 

even invited him to sup with her, 

and treated him throaghout the meal 

nith great courtesy and distinction. 

At length she poured out a goblet of 

wine, into which she secretly put a 

strong poison. Then, turning with a 

clieerful countenance to the magician, 

she desired him to pour her out a 

goblet of wine that they might drink each other's health. The 

magician obeyed, and receiving the poisoned cup from the 

hand of the Frincesa Badroulboudour drank off its contents 

and immediately fell down on the ground with a dreadful 

groan and expired. Hereupon Aladdin rushed from his place of 

concealment, and carefully concealed in the folds of the magician's 

garment he found the wonderful lamp, the source of all his wealth 

3S0 



and prosperity; the lamp, whose loss had aimost cost him the 
loss of all he had iu the world, and of his life into the bar^in. 

The joy of both Aladdin and bis wife at this happy change in 

tbeir affairs may be imagined. Aladdin at once made use of the 

lamp and ordered the genie to transport the palace back to its 

original position. The sultan was overjoyed to see bis daughter 

881 



ALADDIN. 

once more. He repented of his harshness towards Aladdin, and 
expressed a desire to know how all these wonders had happened. 
Aladdin told him, that by the assistance of a good genie he had 
been enabled to discover the princess, who, by the arts of a wicked 
magician, had been transported, with her palace, to Afirica; he 
described his arrival at the palace, the joy of the princess on 
beholding him once more, and the deserved fate of the magician. 
The sultan looked incredulous, as well he might, but Aladdin 
dispelled his doubts by showing him the body of the magician, 
which had not been removed from the palace. Having thus far 
confirmed his story, Aladdin described the extraordinary powers of 
the lamp he had recovered from the magician, and told the sultan 
that it was to the lamp alone they were all indebted for their 
present happiness. The sultan was too overjoyed to listen to any 
fiurther details at present ; but he expressed a desire that Aladdin 
should, at his earliest opportunity, relate the whole story. The 
sultan then commanded the drums to beat and trumpets to sound, 
and a feast of ten days to be proclaimed for joy of the return of 
the Princess Bodroulboudour, Aladdin, and the palace. 

The powers of the wonderful lamp were again put in requisition 
to provide the necessaries for the ten days' rejoicing, and weU it 
performed its mission. Aladdin became the most popular man in 
the city from the praiseworthy and judicious manner in which he 
employed his wealth ; he encouraged industry, promoted educa- 
tion, extended commerce, and adorned the city with fine buildings 
and public walks. With the officers of state he was an especial 
favorite, wliilst the sidtan, as old age and infirmity came on him, 

882 



became more and more attaclLed to his soD-in-Iaiv, and as he 
bad no other children but the Princess Badroulbondour, Aladdin 
and the princess his wife succeeded the sultan at his death. For 
many years they lived and governed with justice and discretion ; 
and Aladdin was always famous for his moderation and kindness 
towards the poor and the widowed. He remembered the time 
when he himself had been a poor boy dependant on the poor 
widow, his mother, for his daily bread. 



NOTB. 

To bring this tale within the limits assigned to each stoiy in this 
book, it has been necessary to considerably shorten seme parts. The 
incidents have, however, been preserved as they are related in the first 
French translation, with the exception of the episode of the magician's 
brother, who, disguised as the holy woman Fatima, is shun by Aladdin. 
^ I have read this book," writes Font^nelle, of the French edition of the 
Arabian Nights, " and find nothing in it that should hinder its being 
printed." May onr readers, after perusing our book, be of the same 
opinion. 



THE HISTOET 



OF 



JACK AND THE BEAJ^-STALK 



JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK. 

Here is another fairy tale for yoa ;  and I dare say you vill 
like it all the better, because the people about vhom I am 
going to tell the etory, lived in England a very long time ago, 
and the hero, or chief person in it, is an English boy. 

There was once a poor widow who lived a long ivay froi& 

London, in a little way-side village. ; she woe a poor lonely woman, 

3B7 



JAC& AND THE BEAN-STALK. 

with only one comfort to take away the dreariness from her life; 
and this one comfort was her son Jack. And as Jack was the 
only child the poor widow had, you can fancy how^ much affection 
was bestowed upon him ; how the poor widow went without many 
little comforts that Jack might not feel their poverty; how she 
watched over him day and night ; how, in fact, she loved him as 
only a widowed mother can. 

Now Jack was not at all a bad-hearted boy. He was generous, 
helpful, and brave. He would go any distance on an errand 
to please a neighbour; he would give away all he had to any 
one who begged of him ; and if he saw a great boy ill-treating a 
little one, the big coward was pretty certain to receive a sound 
thrashing at the hands, or rather at the fists of Jack. But he 
had one fault, which many brave open-hearted lads have, and 
which spoils all their good qualites. Jack was heedless. He 
did not know the value of money, and threw it away like an 
extravagant boy will do. He did not know what it was to be 
care-worn and sore-hearted, and never stopped to consider how 
he grieved his poor mother by his. carelessness ; he never thought 
before he acted ; and consequently he acted so foolishly that his 
mother became poorer and poorer. 

At last the widow's eyes were opened; on going to her money 
box one night she found there was not a shilling left. The 
box was empty, excepting for one little fourpenny-piece, which 
had been clipped all round the rim and had a large hole punched 
out of the middle. Then at last she began to reproach Jack, 
as many people do, after the mischief was done. ''Oh you 

888 



heedless, cruel, wasteful boyl" said she,  "see what you La\e 
brought me to with your sinful extravagance  all I have is 
gone, except the fourpeimy-piece which no one will take, and 
the one cow which must be sold to-morrow, and then what shall 
we do when the money we get for her is gone  oh dear !  oh 
dear !" Thus she went on weeping and bemoaning herself. 

Now Jack was really sorry when he saw what he had done; 
and he promised to amend, and really meant what he said. He 
declared he would be the prop of his mother's old age; and 
he sallied forth early the next morning to sell the poor widow's 
only cow. 

As he trudged along the road, swinging his stick as he went, 
and cutting off the head of a thistle every now and then for warn 
of something to do, he met a butcher This man knew some- 
thing of our &iend, and asked him what he was going to do 
888 



with "that thin old cov." "Neither old nor thin," answered 
Jack; and *he cow tossed her bead and flourished her tail in 
an indignatit manner. "But if yon want to know," continued 
Jack, "I'm going to sell her." "Well" said the bntcher, 
'M here what I'll give you for her,  all these beautiful 
-red, and blue, and purple  I shoud'nt oPer aaothiir 
300 



JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK. 

man so mucli; but you^ Jack^ are a clever fellow and like to 
drive a hard bargain/' and the butcher held out a handful 
of colored beans. 

Jack was much flattered at being called a clever fellow^ 
and moreover he liked the look of the pretty beans. So 
like the careless boy he was^ he closed at once with the offer 
made him by the wily butcher^ who drove off the cow laughing 
in his sleeve at our hero's simplicity. Jack^ for his jiart^ 
betook himself home^ fancying he had done rather a clever 
thing, and calling to his mother from afar to come out and 
admire his skill as a cattle dealer. 

When the good woman heard with her own ears, and saw 
with her own eyes how very stupidly Master Jack had acted, 
I can tell you she was angry. She had made up her mind, 
poor woman, what she would buy with the money the cow 
would fetch. She had settled where she woidd buy the meal 
for the bread, and how much she would save out of the price 
of the potatoes by taking a large quantity at a time, and 
how she would manage to scrape together enough to buy a 
comforter for Jack against the time when the cold weather 
set in; for she was always thinking of her boy, poor woman. 
And then when she had arranged it all so nicely, to have that 
stupid great boy standing there with a few beans in his hand 
and a broad smile on his face! The old woman quite lost 
patiene8, scolded Jack for his stupidity, and threw the beans 
away out of the window into the garden. As for Jack, it 
was noticed that one of his cheeks looked very red for tWo 

891 



JACK AND THB BBAN-8TALK. 

or three hoars aftenrards; 
and some of the neighbours 
aftenrards said, that Jack's 
mother had given him a box 
on the ear ; for ahe was ouable 
to get him any supper  and 
being a generous kind of wo- 
mau, was anxious to give her 
son something for himself in- 
stead of it. 

The nest morning Master 
Jack found himself awake two 
full hours before his usual time 

for rising;  for you see he bad had no supper, and a little 
sprite inside him seemed to be calling out "Breakfast! break- 
fast ! I break&st M ! " and pinching him at the same time. So 
be got up quickly and dressed himself, and looked out of his 
chamber window  and then he saw  something that made 
him start back with wonder, and rub his eyes to make sure 
he was awake, and utter an exclamation of surprise, and run 
as fast as could down into the garden. I will tell you what 
he saw. 

In the comer of the garden where his mother had flung 
away the beans in her anger, (and no wonder), there arose a 
great thick gigantic bean-stalk;  and it was not a single stalk 
hy any means, but a number, twined and twisted together in 
such a way that they formed a sort of ladder. It was a very 
8S2 



JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK. 

lofty ladder^ so high indeed that the top seemed quite lost in 
the clouds ; for Jack could not discern it. The bean-stalk was 
immensely thick^ and when Jack attempted to shake it^ it 
remained quite steady. 

Now Jack was just the kind of boy who never saw a ladder 
without a desire to climb it; and when he saw this great 
bean-stalk he at once felt inclined to ascend to the top and 
see, as he expressed it, "where it led to." He ran back and 
told his mother of his intentions, she tried all she could to 
dissuade him, threatening and cajoling . him by tiirns ; but 
Jack was not to be moved, having once made up' his mind. 
Up the bean-stalk he had determined to go, and up the bean- 
stalk he went; his mother standing underneath and calling 
up after him, " that he would break her heart  that he would  
with his tiresome ways; that he would never do any good  
that he would'nt ; that he had never been of any use to her  that 
he had'nt; that he never minded her  ^that he did'nt; and 
that he was a lazy  idle  careless " 

By this time Jack had mounted so high that he could not 
hear the rest of his mother's compliments ; but I dare say he 
did not lose much. 

Hour after hour Jack climbed on;  and the higher he went 
the more hungry he seemed to grow. At last he reached the 
top, and found himself in a strange country. 

But it was not a beautiful country by any means. Not a tree 
or a shrub, not a living creature was to be seen. All around 
was barren and desolate. 

30a 



Ja^ seated himself penBively on a block of atonej and tboaght 
of his motlier. It ia strange, how much inclined a boy is to think 
of hi mother when in difficulty or distress. I suppose it is b& 
cause he is accustomed to come to her whenever he is in trouble. 
Poor Jack was now in sore trouble indeed ; he could find nothing 
to eat ; he was woefully exhausted ; and began to feel much afraid 
that h should die of hunger. 

Still, however, he walked on in the hope of seeing a hon:c 
where fa might beg for some food ; but there was no sign, lar 
or near, of anything of the kind. Suddenly, hoffcTcr, he saw a 
391 



JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK. 

kind of cloud rolling towards him; it parted^ and there^ to his 
^eat surprise^ stood a beautiful young lady. She was dressed 
in shining garments of gauze^ and held in her hand a slender 
ihite wand with a peacock of pure gold at the end. Jack stood 
stilly gazing at the lady with the greatest surprise ; but she ap 
proached and said :  " Listen to me. I will reveal to you a story 
of which your mother has never dared to speak. But before I 
begin^ you must give me your solemn promise that you will do 
exactly as I command; for I am a fairy  and unless you act just 
as I tell you to do^ I shall not be able to assist you in the attempt 
I wish you to undertake ; and there is little doubt that left un- 
aided you will not only fail^ but perish!'' 

Jack looked very grave indeed^ at the idea of perishing ; and he 
promised to do whatever the lady directed. 

She then continued :  '^ Your father was a rich man, and, what 
is more, he had a kind heart. No deserving poor man who 
applied to him for help was ever turned away. And he would 
even seek out deserving people who were in distress, without 
waiting for them to come to him. Not many miles &om your 
father's house lived a giant. He was the dread of the whole 
country for his cruelty and malice. He was, moreover, very 
envious; and when he heard your father praised for goodness 
and benevolence, he hated him in his heart, and vowed to bo 
revenged on him. Like most good men, your father was brave. 
He injured no one, and suspected no one of wishing to injure 
him. The giant, therefore, soon had an opportuj ity of fulfilling 
his threats. He laid a deep plot to destroy your father. He 

895 



came witli bis wife into the neighbonriiood where your fatli;^^r 
lived. He mode a pitiful face, and pretoided to have lost all 
his property by the effccta of a great earthquake. Tour parents 
received him kindly, for theywere good to alL One day, when 
the wind was blowing very loudly over the sea, near which your 
father dwelt, the giant came to him with a tdestx^ in his hand: 



' Look through thia gkse/ he said j ' here is something that will 
grieve your kind heart.' Your father looked, and saw aeveral 
ships which seemed in danger of going down, or heing driven 
on shore. The giant, vith an appearance of great earnestness, 
begged him to send his servants to the assistance of these poor 
people. He knew your father would not refuse such a request. 
All the servants, excepting your nurse and the porter, were at once 
de^atched ; but hardly were they well out of sight when the cruel 
giant fell upon your father and slew him t 

"Your mother and yourself nearly shared the same fate. The 
cruel monstei- designed to kill you also; but your mother fell 
at his feet, and begged him so piteously for mercy, that he re- 
lented, and spared you both on condition that your mother pro- 
mised solemnly iicver to reveal your father's story. Then he 
897 



^ACK AND THS BZAN-STALK. 

6et about plondermg your father's house as fast as he could, and 
afterwards set fire to it. While he was thus employed, your 
mother took you, a poor little weak baby, in her arms, and fled 
away as fast as she could. For miles and miles she wandered on, 
and nerer stopped to look behind her. And it was well she did 
so; for the giant was sorry that he had shewn any mercy, and 
would certainly have pursued and killed both her and you if 
he had only known which direction to take. At last your poor 
mother settled in the Tillage in which you have lived so long ; 
end now you know why she never spoke about these things to you. 
It is for you to regain the fortune your parents thus lost ;  ^for 
all this wicked giant has belongs of right to your mother and 
to you. I have taken you under my protection, and in spite of 
your heedlessness, I wiU succour and assist you so long as yon 
are brave and earnest, and do not fear hardship and labour. Go 
boldly forward. Your enemy's house or rather your own  lies 
straight before you; and remember that my protection is extended 
to you only so long as you work boldly and faithfully to right 
your mother and yourself.'' 

The fairy then vanished. Jack sat for a time in utter amase* 
ment at the wonderful things he had heard. '' Poor mother I " he 
thought, ''what a change it must have been to her, firom my 
father's fine castle to our little smoky cottage ! Well, I will do 
my best to right her, and to punish this wicked giant." And 
resolving thus, he got up andpursued his journey. 

Further and farther yet he wandered on, and the shadows of 
evening began to fall just as he came to the door of the first 

398 



bonse he had seen all that day. It iras a fine spacious mansioD, 
and poor Jack, who hy this time was woefully hungry, irent 
straight up to the door, and asked a woman who vaa standing 
there for a night's lodging and a crust of bread. 

This woman was ugly and haggard. She had a care-worn look 
in her face, but did not seem ill-natured. She looked sorrowfully 
at Jack, t-TiA said :  " Alas 1 my poor boy, I dare not take yon in. 
My husband is a mighty and cruel giant. He goes out hunting 
every day and brings home men to supper  not to sup with him, 
but to be eaten up  for he feeds almost entirely on human flesh, 
R!>9 



JACK AND THE BKAN-STAtK. 

and is out of temper when he cannot! get it. He has gone out 
to-day to try and catch a fat alderman; and if he has been un- 
successful he will make you do instead/' 

Jack was anything but glad when he heard this account 
of the owner of the house; and the less so when he henrd 
that this agreeable gentleman was expected home directly. 
But he was very hungry and tired,  and besides^ the fairy had 
told him he must be brave and bold. So he begged the good 
women to take him in^ just for this one night; and she, 
being a good natured sort of person, for an ogre's wife, 
consented. 

She led him through a fine hall splendidly furnished in a 
large kind of way, with chairs as big as bedsteads, and tea 
cups that held a gallon a-piece ; and on one table Jack saw a 
bayonet, which his hostess told him was her husband's toothpick. 
Through other rooms they went, all well furnished, but cold 
and gloomy; until, at the end of a long gallery. Jack could 
manage to see something that looked like a grating or the firont 
of a cage ; and behind this grating two or three men were moving 
to and firo, wringing their hands and weeping. They were, in 
fact, the giant's prisoners, whom this voracious monster kept, 
just as any man might keep turkeys and geese, to kill at Christ- 
mas. Jack's blood ran cold at these sights aud sounds; but 
he kept up his courage as well as he could and followed his 
hostess into the kitchen. Here was a roaring fire, and every- 
thing looked as warm and comfortable as could be desired. The 
'"uifs wife placed a plentiful supper on the table before her 

400 



guest; and when mj readers remember that Jack had not 
only eaten nothing all that day, but had gone to bed hungry 
the night before, they can fancy what a meal he made. Even 
the giant's wife stared, and began to wonder whether the boy 
were not some distant relation of her husband's who had lost 
the giant's taste for human flesh, but retained his appetite. 

But every thing must come to an end; and so at last did 
Jack's supper. Just as he had finished they heard a sound 
like fifteen trumpets, and the hostess started up in a fright 
exclaiming "Her husband was coming home, for she h^ard 
him blowing his nose." Then there came a step, like fifty 
dray horses all walking together; nearer and nearer it came, 
"tramp I tramp M tramp!!!" and tiiea there came a great 
401 



knock at the door like a clap of thunder or fire thousand throw- 
down crackers all let off at once; the wife opened it in & 
great hurry, and the giant came stalking into the kitchen. 
"I smell fresh meat ! " were the first words he nttered. 

Now this giant was in a terribly bad humour; for he had had 
no success in hunting that day. He had met no one at all 
but a black man whose flesh wasn't tender, and who, had more- 
over, escaped, and an old man who had lived so long in the 
workhouse on dry bread and gruel that he was nothing but 
kin and bone, and the giant in mere disgust had kicked him 
and let liim go ; so he was in a very bad humour indeed, and 
looked very black. "I smell fresh meat !" said the giant. 

Now Mrs. Giant had hidden her guest in a cupboard when 
die heard her amiable husband coming; and what the giant 



onAt was neither more nor less than live Jack. His wife 
therefore hastened to reply "It must be the men in the cage," 
and she hrooght oat her huBhand's supper to divert hia attention. 
As the ^ant had not captured any "fireeh meat" that day, and 
was saving up the men in the cage for a treat, hia meal only 
consisted of three legs of mutton, seven quartern loaves, and ^ 
few other trifles of that kind. He soon finished his slight 
repast and called to his wife to bring him his "hen." Jack 
looked through a chink in the cupboard door to see whatever 
the giant was at ; and he saw a fine looking fowl brought and 
placed on thetabls; and each time the giant said "lay!" the 
hen laid an egg of solid gold. Meantime the wife went to 
bed leaving her husband to amuse himself with the woi^leiful hen. 



In a little while the giant began to nod, with both his anna on 
the table ; then his head sank lover and lower, and at last he 
went &\j\y off to sleep before the fire and snored like the 
blowing of the wind on a itormy day. Now was the time for 
Master Jack's enterprise. He waited until the giant's snores, 
which had at first been irregular, like guats of wind, came in 
deep regular pufFi, like the blowing of a great blacksmith's 



bellows; and when he knew by this that the giant really slept 
soundly, be snatched up the ben from the table, jumped out 
of the window, which was not a high one, and ran off. Away 
lie went like the wind, mile after mile, and at length found 
himself at the spot where the bean-stalk reared its head through 
an opening like a well, in this wonderful country. Down the 
bean-stalk Jack went like a lamplighter running down hin 
ladder when be is in a hurry ; and we can fancy bow pleased 
his poor mother was to see him again. But when she saw what 
a prize he had brought, she was happy indeed; for now they 
could be rich, and there was no occasion for them to sutler 
hunger more. 

405 



For some time they lived contentedly enough. The goldea 

hen supplied all their wants ; and if it had not have been for 

the remembrance of what the fairy had said, Jack would not 

have thought any more about the bean-Btalk. But the more 

he thought of what the beautiful lady bad told him, the more 

it appeared to him that be had only half finished the task the 

fairy had set him, and that much remained to be done, so long 

as the wicked giant lived to enjoy the riches he had acquired 

80 unjustly. So one day he told his mother that he must 

needs mount the bean-stalk a second time. Again the good 

lady did all she could to dissuade him from the enterprise. She 

declared that she knew the giant by Jack'i description to be 

very one who had murdered her poor husband, and asserted 

le would most certainly kill Jack for stealing his lien evea 

106 



JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK. 

if the wife let him into the castle again^ which was not at all 
likely. But Jack was not to be deterred ; and at last his mother 
was forced^ with a heavy hearty to let him go. Again we find 
him at the giant's mansion begging for admittance. 

This time it was not such an easy matter to get in. The old 
dame Giant declared that once before a poor boy had come for 
shelter and had stolen her husband's favorite hen ; and that the 
giant^ having forced her to confess that she had let some one 
in on that nighty had revenged himself by beating her three 
times a week ever since  ^whereas before he had only been in the 
habit of beating her twice. But Jack was so polite^ and at the 
same time so earnest^ that at last he got admitted to the giant's 
abode for the second time. Again he was plentifully regaled 
and stowed away in the cupboard before the giant returned, 
which he did in due time. 

This day the giant was in a very good humour; for he had 
robbed three travellers of a great deal of money, which he had 
hidden in a cave by the wayside. The travellers themselves he 
had bound hand and foot, and left them in the same cave till he 
should call for them ; so that his good luck made him quite light- 
hearted and cheerful, and he ate his supper with an immense 
relish, putting his knife in his mouth and sopping up the gravy 
with his quartern loaf of bread, like a vulgar giant as he was ; 
and as his thoughts kept running on the money he had stolen, and 
how much richer it would make him, he roared out to his wife 
to bring him down his money bags that he might count how much 
he had already. The obedient wife wont out and soon retomod 

. 407 



dragging two heavy bags, one filled with goldea guineas, and the 
otiinr with bright new Bhillings. The giant snatched them out of 
her himds and gave her a box on the ear, telling her that was for 
her trouble, and desired her to get to bed without delay, which 
the poor woman was glad enough to du you may be sure. The 
-iuut began to count out bis money, commencing with the goineaa 



first,  "One, two, three, four,"  and so on. Presently Ke got up 
to the hundreds  "One hundred and one  one hundred and two," 
and by the time he got to " Five hundred and eighty one  Five 
hundred and eighty-two  " his head began to nod. In five 
minutes more he was fast asleep. Then Jack eame out of Ms 
hiding place on tiptoe, and clutched both the bags. But just as 
lie was making his way to the window, a Httle dog that had lain 
unobserved under the giant's chair, came jumping towards him 
with a shrill  "Yow! yow! yow!" Luckily Jack had not 
quite finished his supper when the giant's knock came to the 
door ; and he had hidden a bone in his pocket to enliven his 
olitude in the cupboard. ^Vith this bone he appeased the little 
400 



yelping cur, and though the giant turned uneasily once or thrice 
on his chair, he did not wake. So a second time Jack made off 
with the wicked giant's gold, and arrived in safety at the foot of 
the bean-stalk. But all was not well at home. His poor mother 
had done nothing but fret about him from the moment he vent 
away till he retured ; and so anxious had she been that she was ill 
 in fact, nearly dying. Children do not often think what their 
parents suffer on their account. 

But the poor woman recovered when she saw her boy had 
returned safe and sound ; for then the cause of her anxiety was 
taken away. With the bags of gold the cottage was rebuilt, and 
for thrct years they lived happily together; but at the end 
of that time he could stay no longer. He felt compelled, as it 
were, to try once more to penetrate into the giant's abode. So 
one morning he started very early on hia third expedition. 

It cost him unheard of trouble to get admission ; the giant's 
410 



wife had at last got suspicious, having had her beatings increased 
to five a week since his last visit; but at last, however, he got in. 
The giant too, said, as on the first occasion of Jack's coming, " I 
smell fresh meat I " and absolutely began to search the room 
to find out where our hero lay concealed. But he soon got tired 
of doing so, especially as he happened to be very hungry ; and sat 
down to take his frugal supper. This time the giant had the 
whole of a salted hog for his supper, besides three large salted 
cod-fishes, which he ate as a moderate man might eat herrings. 
This salt fare made him rather thirsty, so he drank three great 
oesks of strong beer, whereas his usual custom was to wash down 
his supper with only two. The beer got into the giant's head, 
and put him in high good humour, and he began to sing in a tre- 
mendous voice, and roared out to his wife to get him his harp. 



This harp was a most wonderful instrutnent. Directly it was 
pat on the table it began to play, of itself, the most beautiful 
music. And the giant got up and began dancing as heavily as the 
hippopotamus. The harp now played softer and more softly; and 
the giaut, growing sleepy, lay down at full length on the ground 
and began to snore. " Now," thought Jack, " is my time ;" and 
slipping from his hiding place, he seized the harp. But the harp 
was enchanted (and that is how it played so enchantingly). When 
Jack seized it, it cried " Master ! master ! " Up started the giant 
with a loud roar, and away ran Jack, carrying the harp, and the 
giant thundering after him as fast as he cotUd. Jack seemed to 
fly like the wind, and had got a good start of his pursuer by the 
me they got to the beau<stalk. Down the bean-stalk he slid, as 
4L2 



tant as ever he could ; and just aa he set his foot on the ground 
the heavy feet of the giant appeared at the top of the ladder. 
Jack nried out lustily for a hatchet. His mother came ruouinz 
out with a hig one in her hand. Not a moment was to be lost. 
Jack seized the hatchet and began chopping the bean-stalk with 
all his might. He struck it  

Once I 
and the giant gave a roar of rage, and redoubled hi& efforts to get 
down iu time 

413 



JAC& AND THB BSAX-STALK. 

Twice ! ! 
and the bean-stalk cnic]^ed and shook^ and the giant stopped 
for an instant as it swayed to and firo  

Thrice ! ! ! 
and the great stalk snapped like an elder twig; and the giant 
tottered^ lost his hold, and fell crashing down. He came to the 
ground with a fSdl that shook the earth, and lay there with a 
shattered skull  dead ! 

I need not tell you of the commotion that ensued. Jack's 
mother came rushing out in horror at the noise and din, and 
found her son out of breath with the exertion of his labour 
in cutting down the bean-stalk, and the giant lying dead. She 
bent over the great body to look at the countenance, and was 
astonished to find the face was that of the cruel monster who 
Iiad so barbarously murdered her husband years before, and who 
bad thus reaped the reward of his actions. Now, at length, she 
could speak on the matter that had occurred; and Jack was 
surprised to hear her story, and wondered how she could have 
continued to live after such a great sorrow had fallen upon her. 
He did not know that while a mother has a child left to care 
for she will endure almost anything. 

But now, at last, their great enemy was dead, and mother and 
son could live in peace and comfort. They had wealth enough, 
having recovered a great part of what the giaut had stolen ; and 
it was greatly to the poor widow's satisfaction that the bean stalk 
did not grow up again, but withered away in a few days. You 
will be glad to hear, moreover, that Jack was cured of his heed  

414 



JACK AND THE BEAN-STALK. 

lessness by what had occurred. When he reflected on what his 
mother had Buffered, he would have been ashamed to make her 
suffer more. Love for the dear aged parent did what all scolding 
and precept had failed to do; and cherished by her son, and 
beyond the reach of want, the widow lived to a good old age. 

Dear children; there is a moral in every tale. Lcara from 
Jack and the Bean-stalk that ill gotten wealth will never 
prosper, and that every deed of cruelty, whether it be great or 
whether it be tri&ing brings its own punishment upon the 
evil doer. 



KOTE. 

Like  Jack the Giant-Killer," and " Tom Thumb/* the story of " Jack 
and the Beanstalk " is unquestionably of English origin. The general 
appearance of the story seems to stamp it as a mutilated version of 
' Jack the Qiant-Killer " itself, or rather an elaboration of one incident 
in the redoubtable Comishman*s adventures. That these old stories 
had a historical signification there is no doubt; Jack the Oiant- 
Killer, Tom Thumb, and the hero of the beanstalk, belong to the 
myth-period of our history, equally with Arthur and Qinevra, the 
Knights of the Hound Table, and the stout Guy of Warwick. These 
giant stories have no exact parallel among the fairy legends of 
Oerraany, and do not even appear to have been translated. It seems 
strange that just those tales which are among the most popular in 
England, should be unrepresented in the fairy legends of our neigh- 
bours whose delight in the supernatural is said to be greater even 
than ours. 
